There is a "desperate need" for more one-bedroom flats for ex-prison leavers in Wales because of a lack of accommodation, a charity has said.
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in Edinburgh.
A judge has denied bail to four people accused of beating a black man and forcing him to drink toilet water and kiss the floor in a Facebook Live video that went viral.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed Roy Hodgson as director of football at Reading on a two-year contract.
A diet that mimics a "fasting-mimicking" diet can regenerate a special type of cell in the pancreas, scientists say.
Should there be a public inquiry into the proposed merger of the world's two biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica?
British Cycling has been accused of a "culture of fear" and bullying by Wendy Houvenaghel, who was dropped from the London 2012 team.
If you want to know how to run a comedy club, just ask the owner of one in the US state of Texas.
When the regulator, Ofcom, announced last week that it was going to rule on whether BT should be spun off into a separate company, BT's shareholders were over the moon.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares to lead his side out against Rangers in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of undergraduate student places by 1,010 over the next three years, the BBC understands.
An NHS trust has apologised after 850 hospital appointment letters were sent out with the wrong patient information leaflets.
The shadow foreign secretary has said Labour is "trying to get a compromise" with Tory backbenchers over the Brexit bill ahead of the next Commons vote on the legislation.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not receive any money from the sale of Bournemouth's Kane O'Kane.
An inquest into the death of a man who drowned in the Menai Strait could have been exacerbated by a police visit to his mental health unit, a doctor has said.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has warned that the Trump administration could do an "enormous disservice" to the US and the world if it restricts access to climate change data.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 69, the band has confirmed.
Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose took a one-shot lead into the final round.
Former England and Manchester United striker Carlton Cole says he still has a "long road ahead" to recover from his kidney transplant and is not keen to push himself too hard.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on the video-sharing website YouTube, which was imposed in 2012 after a blasphemous video was posted online.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Ben Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury and could be out for up to 10 weeks.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said he had "dreamt of this moment for so long" as he became the fourth Welsh cyclist to win an Olympic gold medal at Rio 2016.
Flooding in the western Indian state of Gujarat has killed more than 100 people and displaced hundreds of thousands of people, officials say.
It is believed to be the first wedding to be conducted and vowed in skis.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $100m (£60m) by Hong Kong regulators for failing to properly monitor its trading operations.
The Baftas are over and the stars of La La Land and Spider-Man: Homecoming were among the big winners at this year's ceremony.
Andy Murray's season has been a roller-coaster ride from start to finish.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men in connection with the fatal shooting of a popular rapper in the city of Soweto on Saturday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shot was fired at a car outside a Merseyside primary school.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Germany.
Formula 1 team Manor have gone into administration with the loss of more than 200 jobs, with the team set to be taken over by a private equity firm.
The number of candidates standing for election to the Northern Ireland Assembly has risen for the second year in a row.
What should you do if you're planning to travel to the US in the run-up to Christmas and the pound falls against the dollar?
A teenager from New Zealand has been crowned the winner of the UK's first alternative model of the year competition.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition against plans to move a statue commemorating the Falklands War.
A 29-year-old British man has appeared in court charged with breaching restrictions imposed on him as part of a counter-terrorism investigation.
Former Sussex and England all-rounder Chris Anyon has been appointed head coach of the club's women's side.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-month loan deal from Premier League side Sunderland.
Fairytales are often criticised for being "old-fashioned" - a tale of fairytale fairytales with a modern twist.
Last year's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.
When The Beatles played their first gig at Liverpool's Cavern Club in June 1963, it was one of the biggest nights in the club's history.
South Africa's government has proposed a minimum wage of 12,000 rand ($1,200; £1,000; $1,400) a year for all workers.
The death of Ethiopia's long-serving and much-loved leader Meles Zenawi, who led the country for more than two decades after the overthrow of the Soviet-backed military junta of Mengistu Haile Mariam in 1991, has left a vacuum in the country's political
Azhar Ali and Misbah-ul-Haq hit half-centuries before rain washed out the second day of the second Test between Australia and Pakistan in Melbourne.
The SNP has won the Leith Walk and Midlothian West by-election in Edinburgh with a swing of 7.6% from Labour.
Russia has accused the US of being "irrational" for refusing to co-operate with its bombing of Syria despite the collapse of a partial truce in Aleppo.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans from Llandovery for the 2016-17 season.
US President Barack Obama's decision to impose fresh sanctions on Russia over its alleged interference in the US election has been met with fury in Moscow and Washington.
Labour is proposing to scrap tuition fees for university students in England, in the party's manifesto for the general election.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air show crash, three weeks after the tragedy.
The US director of national intelligence has said he has "never been directed to do anything illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the president.
The White House has confirmed that President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama attended a birthday party in New York.
A number of roads in County Londonderry have been closed after a man was arrested following an incident in the town on Saturday night.
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the world today, with many of us suffering from anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book written in the 1960s.
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia to try to broker a cessation of hostilities in Syria, the state department says.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of London, beating his Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith in the election.
A new vicar has been appointed at a church in Lancashire after a video in which children sang a selection of qualities needed for a vicar was viewed on social media.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Sunday's Champions League win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss town of St Gallen, injuring six people, has died in hospital, police say.
Police are hunting for a "reckless" drone operator after a plane made a near miss with a drone as it made its final approach to an airport.
A large seal that became tangled in netting on a beach in Aberdeenshire has been freed and released back into the sea.
An archive of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland's most famous writers has been made public for the first time.
Mark Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
As Laura Mvula prepares to perform on BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland, the singer-songwriter explains why she's "terrified" of live TV.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he feels "born again" after returning to action for the first time since being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have announced that they made a pre-tax profit of more than £500,000 for the last financial year.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit on the head by a metal pole while training in London.
Optimism among Scottish businesses remains positive, according to a survey by the Chambers of Commerce.
A public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to expose both "creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand survived a second-half fightback from South Africa to reach the World Cup semi-finals with a thrilling victory in a rain-swept encounter at Twickenham.
The world's tallest obelisk is being surveyed for the first time in more than a decade as part of a £1.5m project to improve its safety.
Shares in Inditex, the owner of Zara and Massimo Dutti, have jumped more than 10% after the firm reported a rise in sales and profits.
Pop star Lady Gaga is preparing for her Super Bowl half-time show in Houston, Texas, on Sunday.
A victim of child sex exploitation in Rochdale has said she is still being approached by Asian men in the town five years on.
A department store in Manchester has been forced to close for a second day after it was flooded during Storm Desmond.
An apparent bot attack has been detected on a US regulator's website in a bid to derail plans to change the rules on net neutrality, the BBC has learned.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Les Cotton says the club need to "rebuild" if they are to attract new fans to their new home in Lancashire.
Moana has topped the US box office on its opening weekend, despite controversy over its depiction of Polynesian culture.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win over Madison Brengle.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after they were attacked by a group of men in Ballymena, County Antrim.
German scientists believe they have found the source of the Ebola outbreak in Guinea that killed seven-year-old Emile Koffi, who died of the virus in 2013.
World number one Stuart Bingham says he could return to the World Championship if his wife gives birth to their third child in the next two weeks.
A section of the pier which collapsed on to the seafront at Swansea Bay is to be demolished, the council has decided.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the University of Oxford's controversial tower blocks in Oxford.
A Gloucestershire school trust is considering shortening the school day and cutting teaching jobs as part of "unthinkable" funding cuts, according to a letter sent to parents.
Millions of people could be displaced as a result of plans to set up national parks and forests in Africa, according to a new report.
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway slip road in Shropshire have said further skeletal remains have been found.
Colombia's Carlos Martinez lost to Kazakhstan's Islam Dusmatov in the Olympic men's bantamweight final, losing to the former world champion in Rio.
University staff in England are to stage a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate East Dunbartonshire Council's plans to close a primary school in a bid to save £40m from its budget.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Nagoya Grampus Eight.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the killing of a militant leader, officials say.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union is likely to have significant implications for the global economy.
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season to take up a teaching position.
Families of patients who died at a mental health ward at the centre of the Tawel Fan scandal have said they are unconvinced lessons have been learned.
A 35-year-old man has been jailed for attacking two men with a single punch in County Londonderry.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States women's national team after she was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence on Monday.
A partner at a law firm has admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine with the help of three colleagues.
Police officers on Scotland's railways are to begin carrying Tasers for the first time, the BBC has learned.
A Grangemouth-based water pumping station manufacturer is to create up to 100 new jobs after securing funding from UKSE.
One of the Brazilian football players who was on board the plane that crashed in Colombia on Monday, killing most of his team, has made a "good recovery", doctors say.
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has said Highways England's plan to build a tunnel under Stonehenge is "old-fashioned" and a "high-class Disneyland experience".
Steven Naismith scored his first goal of the season as Everton began their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United defender Paul Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner who was stabbed to death in south London.
Prostate cancer is one of the world's leading causes of cancer death in men.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps beat Worcester to move to within a point of the Premiership play-off places.
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum, in which at least 22 people were killed on Friday, the country's interior ministry has said.
Satellite images of Mosul airport have revealed how Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed the site in an attempt to prevent Iraqi forces from using it as a logistical base.
The main railway line between London and Reading is to be closed for more than a month over the Easter weekend, Network Rail has said.
An oil and gas company has been granted a permit for exploratory drilling in a field on Anglesey.
Online retailer Amazon has changed the way it records sales in Europe, in an effort to reduce the amount of money it pays in tax.
Junior doctors will go on strike on Monday in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the chief medical officer for England has said.
Oxford United midfielder Callum Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club, with the option of a further 12 months.
A Dorset college has been awarded a £3.5m grant from the government to help fund a new animal science building.
The Football Association's chairman is to meet the family of Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of head injuries and concussions, the Football Association has said.
If you want to know what it takes to become a multi-millionaire, ask a wealth expert and she will tell you that you need to have a net worth of at least $50m (Â£30m).
Sale Sharks have extended the contracts of Tom and Tom Jones until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a woman in Aberdeen.
The US has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a regional conference on nuclear weapons, saying it was "unrealistic and unworkable".
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales have been put on hold by the Welsh government.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title reign has been a roller-coaster ride.
England head coach Eddie Jones will name his final 23-man squad for the autumn Tests on Friday, with a number of Premiership players expected to be included.
An exhibition of more than 100 paintings and drawings by a World War One veteran has opened in his home town.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from football at the end of last season was not a surprise, according to his former Celtic team-mate Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a garden fence in Northamptonshire.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the closure and privatisation of branches.
Ulster Unionist leadership candidate Mike Nesbitt has said he "wouldn't withdraw a word" of remarks he made on Monday in which he said he would rather go into Stormont with the SDLP than Sinn FÃ©in.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than Â£1m during raids in Dublin.
The Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" for a united Ireland in the wake of the UK leaving the EU.
Morecambe manager Lee Bentley has urged his players to keep their "feet on the ground" as the League Two leaders move to the top of the table.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar's response to a list of demands from four Arab states that have imposed sanctions on it is "unacceptable".
UKIP policy spokeswoman Diane Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader.
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a woman who had used an app-based taxi service to book a ride home.
As the final whistle sounded at the Stade de France on Thursday night, the Welsh fans in Lyon's Stade Velodrome could be heard singing the national anthem in unison.
Renfrewshire's Ferguslie Park has been ranked as the most deprived area in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Laura Cassells and Katherine Scrimgeour won their lightweight double sculls semi-final at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam on Friday.
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Callum Johnston from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee after he impressed in his first season at Stark's Park.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea and inflict a third successive Premier League defeat on manager Francesco Guidolin.
It's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise, the first ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby, or the fact that so many Scottish teams qualify for the Heineken Cup from a league without relegation.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of the TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow on Friday, organisers have announced.
The US has urged North Korea to " refrain from the irresponsible provocations that aggravate regional tension" after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after human bones were found during a police search for a man who went missing 25 years ago.
"Did you set this up or did I set it up?"
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to set up a crucial World Twenty20 qualifier against Scotland on Thursday.
A hospital where a patient died after being mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse will remain in special measures for the next three months.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in contention for a medal in the men's individual pursuit at the Rio Olympics after a successful start to his Games campaign.
Northern Ireland's health service is to receive an extra £100m over the next financial year.
Twin brothers Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have renewed their legal battle with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg over who created the social network.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Pincher, who has died at the age of 100, was one of Britain's best-known journalists.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee striker Jonny Stewart on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has decided not to prosecute a former soldier who was arrested as part of an investigation into alleged corrupt payments to public officials.
Two care homes have been given poor ratings for the quality of care they provide, with inspectors saying they must take urgent action to improve.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a car was stopped by police in north London.
Power has been restored to the remaining 10,000 homes and businesses left without electricity after a substation went offline in Lancashire.
A High Court judge has quashed a government decision to refuse planning permission for more than 1,000 new homes.
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have called for compensation to be paid for damage caused by the troubled Solent ferry.
French Ligue 1 side Lille have re-signed Tunisia midfielder Youssef Sliti on loan from Paris St-Germain until the end of the season.
Astronaut Tim Peake has just returned from his first ever trip to the International Space Station.
World track cycling champion Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
An Italian military aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after it lost contact with air traffic control.
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after two suspected pipe bombs were found at a business.
The 2015 European Championship is under way in France, with hosts France hosting the tournament for the third time.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will take on Greece in a pre-EuroBasket warm-up game at the Copper Box in London on Saturday.
Australia beat Wales to reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup for the first time since 2007 and end a run of 11 straight defeats.
Scotland scrum-half Andrew Strauss says the players are determined to give head coach Vern Cotter a "good send-off" when he leaves at the end of the Six Nations.
Former CIA director David Petraeus, who led the US military's campaign against al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and Iraq, has said the Islamic State (IS) group is a formidable enemy, but that the US-backed Iraqi military can win against it.
A cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council's website has exposed the email addresses of more than 1,000 members of the public.
Syrian rebel groups say they have launched a major offensive against government forces in response to recent violations of a seven-week cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is introducing advertising on its platform for the first time.
David Hall, the actor who played David Bowie in his musical Lazarus, is to perform at this year's Mercury Music Prize ceremony, it has been announced.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in 1986.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it would be wrong for the UK to stay in the single market after the general election.
Families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have urged the home secretary to introduce a law to make it easier for public officials to co-operate with police investigations.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online, such as revenge porn, could be prosecuted under new laws coming into force.
His grandmother offered him a plate of grapes, but she doesn't remember whether Faizan Ahmad Dar took them.
A woman in her 50s has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four rail companies have been shortlisted for a new £1bn franchise to run trains and buses in Wales for the first time, the Welsh Government has announced.
BBC Radio Scotland presenter Robbie Robertson has announced he is to step down from the show he has hosted for 35 years.
Accrington Stanley manager Chris Coleman has accused the Football League of giving Carlisle United an "unfair advantage" by allowing the Cumbrians to play their next three games at neutral grounds.
Two Manchester United supporters have been found at Old Trafford after being found in the concourse during a pre-match party ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston in extra-time and reach the EFL Cup third round for the second year in a row.
A shopkeeper who had his tools stolen from a cat and dog charity shop has been told they have been found.
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss next year's Commonwealth Games after finishing third in the 5,000m at the London Anniversary Games.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after being jailed for fraud.
BBC Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has led tributes to Sir Terry Wogan, calling him "one of the greatest broadcasters of our age", as condolence books are opened in his native Ireland.
Scotland's political parties have called on the UK government to make "cast iron assurances" over the future of jobs at the Clyde shipyards.
Republican front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals for the party's presidential nomination have clashed in their first televised debate ahead of next week's primaries.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row, beating Russia and Australia to the title.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a popular beach following the deaths of five men last year, a council has announced.
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to travel to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Callum Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England could save £500m a year by cutting the number of foreign visitors and asylum seekers it treats, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after a 4-1 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
One of Britain's most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is set to return to the rails for the first time in 50 years.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office on its opening weekend.
Britain's Lizzie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after breaking her neck in a crash at the European Track Cycling Championships in Rotterdam.
The gap between the life expectancies of men and women in the UK is starting to close, according to a new study.
A police and crime commissioner resigned from his post to appear on BBC's Question Time to discuss the Manchester Arena attack, it has emerged.
"The amber warning lights have come back on again for China," says Stephen King.
Thames Water could get a higher rate of return on its investment in the Thames Tunnel than the rate of inflation if it borrows the money to build it, according to a water industry expert.
The developer of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures on the impact of the scheme on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland forward Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal from next season.
A China Eastern Airlines plane has been forced to make an emergency landing after a hole appeared in one of its engines.
The government has said it will reconsider the case of a woman who was told she must leave the UK because of her husband's low income.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Czech national team boss Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight in the Czech Republic would benefit Scotland's youth game.
The president of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Joseph Kabila, has appointed opposition leader Felix Tshibala as his successor.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner as Wycombe moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter.
Journalists at Australia's Fairfax Media have gone on strike in protest at plans to cut more than 100 editorial jobs.
Jockey Richard Hannon says he would be "amazed" if Richard Marquand does not follow in the footsteps of Ryan Moore and become champion jockey one day.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group and the government have agreed to resume peace talks, a week after the Farc kidnapped a senior general.
Blackburn Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after he was sent off for pushing a referee.
Octopuses change their body colour and behaviour to show aggression and avoidance, according to a new study.
Former British number one Laura Robson will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013 when she competes at the Aegon Classic in June.
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 1,000 people found buried in a field near the capital, Kinshasa.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman is set to become Everton's new manager, BBC Sport understands.
The problem is that so many of the initiatives and ideas sold to the country as ground-breaking prove to be business as usual.
At least six people have been killed and more than 20 injured in a bomb attack by Kurdish PKK militants in north-eastern Turkey, the Turkish army says.
A body found in woods in North Lanarkshire is believed to be that of a missing teenager, police have said.
Barcelona's Luis Suarez has been named the world's most valuable player for the second year in a row in a study by the CIES Football Observatory.
The solar-powered aeroplane Solar Impulse has left China for Hawaii, the next leg of its attempt to fly around the world using just the energy of the Sun.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) who was suspended after being accused of gross misconduct has settled her case with her former boss, the BBC has learned.
US actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in the hit US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 69.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine was a "very special moment" for the team after their first win at a major tournament in 34 years.
Two legal challenges to the UK government's decision to trigger Brexit have been rejected by the High Court in London.
The daughter of Tracey and Pierce Wilkinson, who were stabbed to death at their home in the Black Country, has spoken of her relief that her father is recovering in hospital.
Three US citizens have been sentenced to hard labour in North Korea for offences committed in the communist state.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after two questions in a high school entrance exam were found to be incorrect, causing an uproar among students.
Gloucester All Golds have held talks with the owners of Gloucester Rugby League about a possible partnership with the Premiership club.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to " isolate and ostracise" him from his family by asking his father to intervene in a row over his criticism of the Labour leader.
Olympic champions Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will compete in this year's Tour of Britain, which starts in Manchester on 5 September.
A former charity worker has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering offences after a £1m fraud at the charity he worked for.
A woman from the Dalit community in the western Indian state of Maharashtra has been beaten to death by a group of women from the upper-caste Hindu community.
Turkey has accused the US of putting it on a par with a terrorist organisation after it said it had held talks with Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
Mae e-bost yn dweud ei fod wedi clywed bod cefnogaeth yn Llandaf i'r Coleg Esgobion yr Eglwys yng Nghymru yn cael ei enwebu
Toshiba is reported to be in talks with banks to secure loans to help it balance its books.
England will "have to pull their fingers out" to beat Pakistan in the final Test and avoid a 2-0 series whitewash, says James Anderson.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland says coach Warren Henry "lost half the team" on the first day of their tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan Hodson from MK Dons on a two-year deal.
The Croick Decanter, a decanter used to feed infants during the Highland Clearances of the 19th Century, has been donated to Inverness Museum.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death in a row over money has been jailed at the High Court in Belfast.
The number of guns being sold on the "dark web" - a part of the internet that is hard to identify - is "sufficiently high" to be a cause for concern, according to a study.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A British man who lost more than 40 stone (254kg) has been granted a visa to return to the US for free weight-loss surgery.
Scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in Glasgow say they have discovered a new class of drugs that can target androgen receptors in prostate cancer.
The European football leagues are to end their agreement with Uefa over the scheduling of domestic matches on the same night as European matches.
Parents should scrutinise holiday requests and summer holiday plans from members of communities that practise female genital mutilation (FGM), a teachers' union says.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City need to appoint a manager who can "get them out of trouble" if they are relegated from the Premier League, says club legend Alan Curtis.
The average debt owed by Welsh students studying in higher education has risen to £19,280, according to the latest figures.
Italian police have arrested a 23-year-old man accused of pretending to be a Lufthansa pilot for at least one flight last year.
Tougher rules should be put in place to make it easier for people from the Indian sub-continent to join their spouse or partner in the UK, David Cameron has said.
The number of children in working families in Wales living in poverty has risen by more than 20,000 in the past decade, according to a charity.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that employees who travel between jobs should be paid for the time they spend travelling between them.
Schools in Guinea have reopened in the capital, Conakry, after being closed for more than two months because of the Ebola outbreak.
The FTSE 100 has fallen for a ninth day in a row, following a global sell-off in shares, as worries over the health of the global economy continued to rattle investors.
The sister of a woman murdered by a County Tyrone man has said she is "angry and fearful" that her sister's killer is due to be released from prison.
Former Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" of a Chechen leader who posted a video apparently showing him being shot dead.
Louis van Gaal was prepared to joke about his side's performance in Saturday's 1-0 win over Arsenal.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first crowdfunding round in the United States, hoping to raise up to $50m (£35m) to help fund expansion in the country.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to settle a long-running dispute over the future of their pension scheme.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of single-serve coffee pods, is being bought by a private equity firm for $7.3bn (Â£5.4bn) in cash.
A university has removed a poster from its campus after it was branded "in bad taste" in the wake of the Jennifer Lawrence iCloud leak.
A man has been stabbed to death in an alleyway in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to improve their intensity if they are to drive their players into the England set-up.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" as they bid to become the first team to go a 38-game Scottish Premiership season unbeaten.
The University of Londonderry has said the remaining unfinished rooms in its new student accommodation complex will not be ready for the start of the academic year.
A County Londonderry council has apologised after one of the world's most popular cartoon characters failed to turn up at a Christmas lights switch on.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion assistant manager Colin Calderwood as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Jamie Roberts says he will use his British and Irish Lions omission as motivation as he prepares to captain Wales on their summer tour.
England's win over Scotland was the perfect start to their Six Nations campaign.
Great Britain missed out on a place in the men's 4x100m relay final at the World Championships in London after a baton change in the closing seconds.
Two men have been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a bus in South Lanarkshire.
A 23-year-old man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed into a kerb in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says British trainer Virgil Hunter can help her follow in the footsteps of former world champion Andre Ward by turning her into a professional boxer.
The world changed on 6 August 1945 when the US dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima.
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has been granted bail of 50,000 euros (£39,000) after being charged with fraud and money laundering in the Republic of Ireland.
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar's best-known musicians, best known for her blues and traditional Malagasy music.
Aung San Suu Kyi's decision to set up a commission to help the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar's western Rakhine State has been widely welcomed.
I think I've only ever had one or two hugs from Ivan Lendl in my life, so it was a bit of a surprise when I saw him at Queen's Club on Tuesday.
A group of 16 and 17-year-olds who voted in the Scottish independence referendum have told Newsbeat they want the UK voting age lowered to 16.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has been in charge of the Mercedes team since the end of 2016 when Nico Rosberg left to join Ferrari.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, a study of more than 300,000 people suggests.
Four people, including two children, have been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty on a beach in Bristol.
A former Archbishop of Canterbury has said it would not be "anti-Christian" to allow terminally ill people in England and Wales to take their own lives.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision" and a "wrong decision", says former Foxes striker Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are using bare hands to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital, Dhaka, as the rescue operation enters its fifth day.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Aberdeen were beaten 3-0 by Celtic in Sunday's Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Park, with BBC Scotland's Pat Bonner and Willie Miller giving their verdict on the match.
The public inquiry into the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko is due to begin its first public hearing later this week.
A health board has been criticised for the way it handled funding for an organ donation charity's £150,000 charity challenge.
An elderly woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man accused of fraudulently claiming to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has pleaded not guilty to two counts of fraud.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at some of the people who will be standing and sitting in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been ordered to demolish it or face jail.
Nottingham's new tram system has opened to the public after months of delays.
The DIY SOS team has been targeted in a series of break-ins at the Birmingham and Black Country Show.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for 2015 as the price of oil continued to fall.
EE is the best mobile network in the UK in terms of reliability and speed, according to a new study.
A homeless man who drove a rollercoaster across the streets of Dumfries while over the drink-drive limit has been given a two-year driving ban.
Two years ago, the residents of Vila Uniao, one of Rio de Janeiro's most deprived neighbourhoods, were preparing to be evicted.
The UK's nuclear regulator has moved to reduce the risk of one of Britain's oldest reactors breaching safety limits.
A US hunter who shot and killed a famous lion in Zimbabwe has said he did not know the animal was protected.
The 200th anniversary of one of the world's best-selling Scotch whisky brands is to be marked with a major fundraising drive on the island of Islay.
David Hockney's former partner has told an inquest into the death of a friend who died after drinking acid at the artist's home that the man was "living on the edge".
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu has made history by becoming the first female athlete from the country to win an Olympic medal.
A plane travelling from Edinburgh to Chicago has had to make a second emergency landing in 24 hours because of a mechanical issue.
A number of major sporting events are under increased security following Monday's attack in Manchester in which 22 people were killed and 59 injured.
The government spent £8.3bn to set up and run academies in England in the two years after the general election, more than £1bn over budget, a spending watchdog has said.
Russell Knox's arrival at the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart was met with a warm welcome from the assembled media.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police in a bid to force the force to solve her daughter's murder.
Police in Brazil have asked the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, for an interview as part of an investigation into alleged illegal ticket sales at the Rio Olympics.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president - and the first female vice-president in the country's history.
Charlton Athletic have been drawn at home to Exeter City in the first round of the EFL Cup, while League Two side Forest Green Rovers will travel to Gillingham.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Australia earlier this week have been found safe and well, say zoo officials.
Women are being held back by a layer of male, middle managers in the UK's intelligence services.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has called on Muslims and non-Muslims to "stand up against all forms of oppression, hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world".
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she and her partner have lost their baby.
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a crash while being chased by police has been jailed for 12 years.
A County Antrim woman who lived as a man for more than 30 years before undergoing gender reassignment surgery has spoken of her relief at finally being able to live as a woman.
Astronomers have discovered the first planet that looks like a baby Jupiter - and it's got water!
Peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport in preparation for the Nato summit in the city next week.
A man has been arrested by police investigating claims Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was hacked and private pictures of her children offered to a newspaper.
Poland's ambassador to Britain has called on all Polish nationals who fall victim to "xenophobic abuse" to report it to local authorities.
Wales flanker Rob McCusker has joined Ospreys on a short-term deal until the end of the season following his release by London Irish.
Gunmen have ambushed a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris, stealing 250,000 euros (Â£200,000; $300,000) in cash and official documents, French prosecutors say.
When you think of the words 'women in a man's world', you probably think of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle.
Telecoms services in Shetland have been restored after a fault at a radio transmitter in Orkney caused major disruption.
A school's prom has been cancelled because of "significant focus and distraction" caused by the event and "unacceptable pressure" on pupils, it has been claimed.
Mohamed is one of the thousands of people trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Europe.
Former Leicestershire boss Gary Porter has returned to the club as chief executive for the first time since leaving in 2014.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted that she fell asleep during last year's State of the Union address after drinking wine before the speech.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has resigned, saying he has "left nothing in the tank" after eight years in office.
The Conservative Party has been accused of "on an industrial scale" of "personal attacks" against Labour MPs on social media during the general election campaign.
A taxi driver who may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of an attempted kidnap has been urged to come forward by police.
An ex-offenders' food truck is set to double the number of trainees it employs as part of a project to help former criminals turn their lives around.
A woman who was raped by a man who posed as a taxi driver in Edinburgh 10 years ago is thought to be in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at their headquarters, moving armoured vehicles close to the main building and deploying armed officers.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before sexually abusing him on three separate occasions has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Chandrasekaran is the latest member of the International Space Station (ISS).
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her from taking part in future protests against tree felling.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have backed team boss Sir Dave Brailsford in the wake of the latest doping scandal to hit British Cycling.
Snap, the owner of messaging app Snapchat, has confirmed it is developing a pair of sunglasses that can record video.
Guinea-Bissau's football players have received their bonuses for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations after a dispute over unpaid wages, the government has said.
David Cameron has said the government will make a decision on a proposed satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks "properly" after consultations.
Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford at Vicarage Road for their first Championship win of the season.
Two wings of a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" during disturbances over the weekend, the Prison Officers' Association has said.
England Test batsman Joe Root says he owes his success to coach Peter Moores after being named player of the year for the men's side.
Southend United boss Grant McCann says he will continue to believe his side can reach the League One play-offs despite Saturday's 3-0 home defeat by Peterborough United.
A public inquiry has begun into a planning application for more than 1,000 homes in Kent.
A railway line which was closed for more than a week after a section of track collapsed is expected to reopen next week.
An Asian detective has received compensation from the Metropolitan Police after he claimed an officer put a monkey toy on a colleague's desk, the BBC has learned.
Journalists in the Philippines say they are "appalled" by President-elect Rodrigo Duterte's remarks that security officials should be allowed to kill people who insult him.
A surfer who was seriously injured when he was attacked by a shark in Western Australia has died in hospital.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling into the sea at a lifeboat station in Gwynedd.
For decades, Botswana has been at the forefront of economic development in southern Africa.
A mother accused of murdering her toddler daughter had "many and terrible injuries" which would have made breathing "very painful", a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they came from behind to beat 10-man St Johnstone and close the gap on Premiership leaders Kilmarnock.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend after she sent him a text message saying she feared for her life.
Three men who gave a man the "kiss-of-life" after he was trapped in a crushed car in a dyke have said they are "proud" to have saved his life.
Armed police officers will be patrolling the streets of London and the rest of England and Wales by the end of 2017, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a controversial electoral reform that will change the country's electoral system.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with banks and telecoms shares leading the way, as investors bet on a rise in interest rates next week.
A man who caused the death of a three-year-old boy in a car crash in which four others were injured has been jailed for five years.
Double Paralympic gold medallist Jo Cox, T37 sprinter Jo Peacock and T34 treble winner Sophie Cockroft have been named in Great Britain's squad for this summer's World Para-athletics Championships in London.
The father of a woman who was allegedly gang raped in Afghanistan says the president of the country has promised to investigate the case.
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend's home and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for six months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott became the first batsman to reach 25,000 first-class runs for the season as they put themselves in a strong position against Somerset.
Newport County manager Mike Flynn's first game in charge of the club ended in victory as Mickey Demetriou's free-kick gave them victory over Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England began their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a house in Rochester and Strood on Twitter in response to the party's defeat in the by-election.
The Carpenters' former lead singer Richard Carpenter is suing the record label that has released the band's music for more than 50 years for underpaying them for digital downloads.
A Scottish business delegation is travelling to Myanmar as part of a trade mission to explore opportunities in the country's oil and gas industry.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has played a key role in the migration crisis that has seen tens of thousands of Haitians return to their country from the neighbouring country, the BBC's Will Grant has found.
A Surrey school is to be expanded to cope with an increase in pupil numbers, the county council has announced.
Portsmouth have signed Vincent Linganzi on a permanent deal after he impressed on his debut for the League Two club.
Ulster pair Craig Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to return from injury for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre at Kingspan Stadium.
Councillors in a Brecon Beacons town have voted to oppose plans to turn a pub into a convenience store.
Airdrieonians were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Championship.
Australian Treasurer Josh Frydenberg has called on Prime Minister Tony Abbott to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East, amid growing pressure from within his own party.
More than 30 scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to rethink its plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A four-year-old girl has been banned from wearing a headscarf at school after a councillor claimed it breached the Equality Act.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits while living with his wife has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a great-grandfather who was stabbed to death after a car crash in West Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The success of our team at the Women's World Cup in Canada has been a huge boost for women's football in England, but there is more to come.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been accused of being "ageist" over Neil Hamilton's decision to return to the Welsh assembly after a 20-year absence.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side's victory over Manchester United was "the game we wanted and expected".
A review into the quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales is to be launched later.
The new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C has been named as Gareth Evans.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi dweud y bydd pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth yn dilyn pleidlais Brexit yn y Senedd, yn ôl blaid Lafur
Scientists are to carry out a major study of human remains believed to be from mythical "yeti" creatures.
Uefa has accused the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) of being "inadequate" in its investigation into Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho's failed drugs test.
Leading scientists have called for a radical overhaul of UK regulation of genetically modified (GM) crops, saying they are being held back by strict EU regulations.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as "utterly mistaken and unacceptable" comments by the deputy chief of staff about the Holocaust.
A review into the future of Welsh language broadcaster S4C will be announced "shortly", the Wales Office has said.
Passengers travelling from Edinburgh to Glasgow are being warned to expect disruption over the next two months as a major engineering project takes place.
Liverpool owner Marwan Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club are being sold.
There has been a slight rise in the number of top A* and A grades at GCSEs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that global economic growth could slow to 3.2% this year and 3.5% in 2017, down from 3.6% in 2016.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in Fox News' Republican presidential debate, the network has announced.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan spell of England back-row Ellis Genge from Bristol until the end of the season.
There will be no redundancies at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in Wales, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of flat pitches in the County Championship may have worked in the county's favour.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to Facebook?
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 15-year-old Bailey Gwynne who was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Joe Ward on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further year.
Three teenagers jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack have had their sentences increased at the Court of Appeal.
It was a scene you would not want to see in the early hours of Monday morning.
The so-called Sykes-Picot map of the Middle East, which laid out the boundaries of Iraq and Syria more than a century ago, is under threat.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he wants to return to Manchester City when his contract with the club expires at the end of the season.
The amount of money spent on agents and intermediaries in England's top two divisions has more than doubled in the past two years, according to the latest figures.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Watford goalkeeper David Gilmartin as first-team coach and re-signed Colchester United goalkeeper David Brill on a two-year deal.
"I still think Tor is the best option there is out there, but that doesn't mean it's perfect," says David Dingledine.
A couple who were found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan spoke at half-time of Scotland's 2-2 draw with Malta on Sunday night at Hampden Park.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory at home to struggling Coventry City.
An Australian government minister has confirmed that 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers have been sent back to Vietnam after their boat was scuttled off Australia's coast.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory in the Spanish Grand Prix.
Olympic champion Helen Glover says she is looking forward to returning to Great Britain's coxless pair for the World Cup regatta in Amsterdam in August after missing last year's event with world champion Polly Swann.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of weakening the coalition's commitment to fairness and civil liberties in his final Commons speech as Lib Dem leader.
China's industrial production grew at a slower-than-expected pace in April, adding to signs that the country's economy is losing momentum.
Microsoft's research and development (R&D) programme has been described as the "biggest in the world" by its chief executive Satya Nadella.
With all the results now declared, Jac Larner of Cardiff University sums up the night for Wales' five main parties.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Olamide Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting is under way in the general election on Merseyside.
A billboard in County Down has gone viral after a mystery donor paid for it to be erected in support of a schoolboy who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of London for the annual Pride parade, which has taken place in Trafalgar Square.
Up to 230 jobs could be lost at a helicopter manufacturing site in Somerset after the Italian manufacturer Leonardo said it plans to move production out of the town.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping a woman and assaulting an off-duty police officer in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed the remote North Atlantic island of Rockall as its own territory in the 1950s.
The artist who painted The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City defender Sean Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has set out its vision for the future of bioenergy in a strategy document published in April 2012.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the UK's budget deficit for the next parliament.
Sophie Raworth is to join the presenters of BBC One's Watchdog for the first time, it has been announced.
The president of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take Fifa to court if a member of the organisation's electoral committee does not withdraw from the upcoming presidential elections.
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl who was found dead in her parents' home more than 30 years ago.
Spending by the BBC on television, radio and online services in the last two years has been worth £8bn to the UK economy, according to the corporation.
World number three Ding Junhui produced a stunning display to thrash top seed Mark Williams 10-2 and set up a World Championship semi-final against Mark Selby.
The US has said it is lifting restrictions on security assistance to Bahrain, despite criticism from rights groups.
A ticket for The Beatles' first ever UK gig has been put up for auction and is expected to fetch up to £4,000.
Support for young people leaving care in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by a group of MPs.
Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" could have "unintended consequences", a teachers' union has warned.
A body has been found in the search for a Denbighshire man who has been missing for more than 24 hours.
David Oyelowo has called Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" as an insult to black actors "ridiculous".
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities in care homes and hospitals in England and Wales are being "denied their freedoms unlawfully", the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher, who has died at the age of 87, is widely regarded as one of the most successful prime ministers in British history.
GDF Suez and BP have announced the discovery of an oil and gas field in the Central North Sea.
Red Bull say they are no longer interested in engine supply from Mercedes and are considering other manufacturers.
The largest cruise ship ever to dock in the US has docked in the Gulf of Mexico, a day after a fire on board left more than 2,000 passengers stranded in filthy conditions.
Harlequins came from 30-18 down at half-time to beat London Irish and set up a European Challenge Cup semi-final against Newcastle Falcons next weekend.
The States of Guernsey's Department of the Environment has launched a consultation on potential sites for new housing and business development in the island.
A screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in Kingussie later.
Marcus Trescothick hit his second first-class century of the season and James Trego also hit a century as Somerset fought back against Middlesex on day three.
There was a "co-ordinated, deliberate and sustained action to introduce an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" into some schools in Birmingham, a leaked government report says.
Venezuela's National Assembly has been left in the dark for more than an hour after the lights went out during a debate on energy policy.
A woman in Hanoi was waiting for her son to be admitted to hospital for a routine check-up when she decided to pay a bribe to secure better treatment.
Argentina has said it will take legal action against five oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands, accusing them of illegally drilling for oil and gas in Argentine territory.
Two of England's most successful rugby union players started their careers at the same club, it has been revealed.
The world's oldest human being has died at the age of 112.
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens, as they prepare to face Saracens in the Champions Cup on Saturday.
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of the Super League table with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
A boxer who was barred from competing for Team Wales because she had competed in professional kickboxing in the past has become a professional.
Maria Sharapova is back in the top 500 of the women's rankings for the first time in more than a year, and her return to action at the Stuttgart Open was as emphatic as ever.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Kei Nishikori in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker in the January transfer window after Botti Bia-Bi's late equaliser against Cowdenbeath.
French President Francois Hollande has said the European Union must be "simple" and "clear" in the face of growing anti-EU sentiment in Europe.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over his promise to reduce immigration to levels last seen in the 1990s.
The renewal of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system should be approved before the summer break, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds is to be made available to help councils in England introduce weekly bin collections, the government has announced.
Archaeologists say they have discovered evidence of a "prehistoric supermarket" of trees and plants in the Amazon rainforest, which could only have been brought together by humans.
Catalans Dragons earned their first Super League win of the season thanks to Shaun Walsh's late penalty goal as they came from behind to beat Hull FC at the Stade Gilbert Brutus.
Sir Christopher Lee, the actor best known for his roles as Count Dooku and Saruman in the Lord of the Rings films, has released a new album of heavy metal covers.
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer following their relegation from the Premier League.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the mistakes that led to his side's relegation from the Premier League this season.
Labour's Neil Hamilton has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for Cumbria.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a historic Edinburgh pub for the first time in more than 300 years.
A gardener from Liverpool, Stephen Paul Copoc travelled to the match by car with a group of friends, who all survived.
A US marine has been found guilty in the Philippines of the manslaughter of a transgender woman who was found dead in a hotel toilet.
Ian Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing in tennis should be banned from the sport.
The US military is considering whether to transfer Chelsea Manning, a transgender soldier jailed for leaking classified documents, to a civilian prison, the Pentagon has said.
David Cameron is expected to reject Iain Duncan Smith's criticism of his style of government in a statement to Conservative MPs later, following his resignation as work and pensions secretary.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out in the second round of the Wuhan Open in South Korea by American Lauren Davis.
For many elderly people, finding a way to keep in touch with their grandchildren can be a challenge.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed a Ferrari one-two in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix as Mercedes continued to struggle in the heat of Spa-Francorchamps.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean on a free transfer.
Disney is one of the most powerful companies in the world of entertainment.
The number of students who have been placed on to university courses through the so-called "clearing" system has hit a five-year high.
The amount of phosphorus used to fertilise grasslands around the world is set to more than double by the middle of the century.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he will look into banning foreign investors from buying Canadian homes if he wins next month's election.
A three-year-old boy who received a liver transplant from his father has made "satisfactory" progress, his grandmother has said.
A woman has been given a suspended prison sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a Cumbrian teenager who died from cancer.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for six years for grooming and sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth, prompting a warning from police.
Sheffield Panthers moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 4-2 win over Cardiff Devils in the Challenge Cup semi-final at the SSE Arena.
Helen Williams, the former Miss America who was asked to resign the title in 1984, has received an apology from the pageant's chairman at its annual event in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are set to be sold as scrap after no bids were received for at least one of them, the BBC understands.
The company behind plans for an electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and the mainland has submitted further details of its business case for the project.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson, who was kidnapped by Islamist militants in Mali in 2013, has been freed.
William Grigg scored his first Wigan goal of the season as the Latics eased to victory over Championship strugglers Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales are being put at greater risk of needing hospital treatment, according to new research.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point against Preston North End after a poor first half at the City Ground.
The father of a man shot dead during an anti-government protest in Venezuela's capital, Caracas, has called on President Nicolás Maduro to help clear his son's name.
An American college has been ordered to hand over recordings of interviews it made with former IRA members as part of an oral history project known as the "Boston tapes".
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank at a pet shop in Lancashire.
A case of bird flu has been found at a turkey rearing farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop the forced return of people fleeing the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency in northern Cameroon.
The family of a girl who drowned while on an educational trip to a swimming pool have been awarded compensation after a High Court judge ruled the council was responsible for her death.
Middlesbrough midfielder Salomon Carayol says he has been invited to play for the Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, a week ahead of a presidential vote that has been delayed by the UN because of unrest.
More than 1,500 savings rate cuts have been made by banks in the past year and more than 230 so far this year, the BBC has learned.
The Forth Bridge has been given World Heritage Site status by the United Nations' cultural agency, Unesco.
There was no mention of money in the Scottish Football Association's statement on Gordon Strachan's decision to stay on as Scotland manager.
A plant that can soak up up up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year could be used to curb climate change in the Arabian desert, according to German scientists.
Scotland's political parties have been making their final pitches for votes on the final day of the general election campaign.
The family of Burkina Faso's former President Blaise Sankara have asked France to declassify military documents relating to his assassination, a lawyer for the family says.
A bridge has collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa, killing at least 11 people and injuring at least 20 others, police say.
Edinburgh has more traffic "pinch points" than any other city in the UK, according to new research.
A man has admitted secretly filming women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre without their knowledge and consent.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into the suspected kidnapping of more than 100 people.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players will face the "hardest punishment" if they are found guilty of punching or kicking Hamilton Academical team-mate Ryan Swanson during Saturday's 1-0 defeat by St Johnstone.
Pop star Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist and record of the year.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of the holy month of Ramadan.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired in the same street.
A transgender woman who took her own life was sent to a men's prison because she feared she would be "carried out in a box", an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the financial year, according to new figures.
Four children were seriously injured when a school trip went wrong and a tractor trailer they were travelling in overturned on a farm.
Andy Murray remains on course to become the first British man to win three Grand Slam titles when he takes on Belgium in the final of the Davis Cup on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says he has been "pushed to places he has never been pushed before" as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April.
Pope Francis has condemned the "complicit silence" of the world in the face of persecution of Christians, at a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered that the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema will not be used in court.
Bolivian authorities are scrambling to contain a plague of locusts that has killed more than 100 people and destroyed thousands of hectares of agricultural land.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions rugby union captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the New Year Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten 2-0 by England at Hampden.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the changing patterns of Antarctic sea ice, according to a new study.
A pair of polar bears have been introduced to a Scottish zoo in a bid to breed the first polar bear cubs to be born in the UK in 25 years.
Northern Ireland's Martin McGuinness will race for the second year in a row in the Superbike class at this year's Isle of Man TT.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been taken to prison after being sentenced for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Belfast Harbour authorities are continuing to monitor an inquisitive whale that has been spotted swimming in Belfast Lough.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury in connection with the death of an African-American woman who was found hanged in a Texas jail cell.
Shrewsbury Town were held to a goalless FA Cup first-round draw by Fleetwood in their first game of the season.
Louis Tomlinson's "I love you" tweet to Harry Styles has become the most retweeted tweet in history.
A court in Chile has found a German man guilty of being part of a cult that ran a slave colony in the Pinochet-era Pinochet regime.
Welsh MPs have been asked to give their first speeches since being elected to Westminster since the general election.
In the Victorian fairground where the grotesque mixed with the gaudy, there would be the stand where you would be able to lace up a pair of boxing gloves and take on the gnarled and grizzled man mountain who would be waiting for you in the ring.
A community pub which reopened after a 10-year absence has been named the UK's best community pub in a national competition.
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the eastern state of Veracruz.
Physicists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Switzerland say they have detected the decay of a particle that could be one of the so-called "super particles".
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's financial problems could see them go out of business unless fans return to the city.
The funeral of an Army officer who died while taking part in the London Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was subjected to a "terrifying" sexual attack by two men who held him at knifepoint has spoken out for the first time about the ordeal.
A US soldier killed in an attack by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been named by the US military.
Zac Efron, Bradley Cooper and Meryl Streep were among the big winners at this year's MTV Movie Awards.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of Uefa's 25-man Champions League squad for the second half of the season as he continues his recovery from injury.
Tourists in Spain have been accused of causing the death of a young bottlenose dolphin by "manipulating and harassing" it.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men who broke into a house in Dundee and attacked them.
A GP in County Londonderry has started a challenge to get his patients to climb a mountain every day for a month.
"Disability cannot stop you from feeling and looking beautiful," says Neha Kewlani, who won India's first Miss Wheelchair India beauty pageant.
More than 1,000 properties in Northern Ireland were left without power on Saturday night after a power cut.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the early hours of Saturday.
The majority of people in Edinburgh are "happy" with plans for a £100m cycle path across the city, according to the city council.
The number of midwife training places in Wales needs to be sustained to avoid a "deterioration" in services, a report has said.
The UK's involvement in the Iraq war "undoubtedly increased" the level of terrorist threat to the UK, the former head of MI5 has said.
The field for this year's Grand National has been confirmed, with favourite Many Clouds the only horse to miss out on a place in Friday's race.
Teachers' pay in Northern Ireland has not fallen by 20% since 2010, the chief executive of the Education Authority has said.
Thousands of people are heading to Chester Zoo in the UK this weekend to take part in one of the world's biggest animal counts.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year, figures obtained by BBC Panorama show.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a 15-month-old boy whose body was found in a cellar after it was found on the dark web, police say.
The Green Party's Caroline Lucas has said the party will support a second referendum on the final Brexit deal if it wins seats in the general election.
An NHS trust which was criticised for failing to keep patients at high risk of suicide safe has been rated "outstanding" by inspectors.
Two members of a gay rights group in Bangladesh have been hacked to death with machetes in the latest in a series of attacks by suspected Islamist militants in the country.
Rule the World, the first Grand National winner for Gigginstown House Stud, has been retired.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia later, as part of a trial to see if it can protect against the virus.
Police searching for a missing Inverness man who has been missing for more than a week have made a fresh appeal for information.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and Keeping Up Appearances, has died at the age of 74.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has more than trebled in the past 40 years, according to new figures.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to resume on Tuesday.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p per litre in the past month, according to the latest figures from the RAC.
A university has written an open letter to its students warning them to "show consideration" for their neighbours after complaints of noise and drunken behaviour.
The centenary of the birth of playwright Arthur Miller is being marked this year with a series of revivals of some of his most famous plays.
A hospital has banned the public from visiting its wards and accident and emergency department after a norovirus outbreak.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with an acid attack in which two men were injured.
A court in Paris has ruled that the cross-channel ferry firm SeaFrance will be liquidated, with the loss of more than 600 jobs in the UK.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in Jordan's capital, Jordan City, against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah II.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield, who was jailed for life for the rape and murder of 15-year-old Milly Dowler, has denied making a confession to police.
Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use.
Derek McInnes has come up trumps in his second season in charge of Aberdeen, according to former Pittodrie defender Lee Thompson.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with the club about a move away from Goodison Park this summer.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90, bringing to an end one of the world's longest-serving leaders.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recording of Stairway To Heaven recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been released for the first time.
Wales in the 13th Century was a very different country to the one we know today.
A prison officer has been stabbed in the head at a prison in Northern Ireland, the Prison Service has said.
The number of people returning Christmas gifts is expected to rise sharply on Tuesday, as people return items they bought online, but may struggle to get a refund.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move with the times.
A schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium in which a driver was killed is still "emotionally not quite right", her father has said.
Dundee secured their first home win of the season and moved off the bottom of the Premiership with victory over Motherwell, who had a controversial goal ruled out for offside.
Former Dundee United midfielder Jon Daly says he would consider a return to Rangers if the club offered him a new deal.
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy's winless run in charge of the Championship club extended to seven games as Derby County eased to victory at Portman Road.
The price of oil has risen above $50 a barrel for the first time in more than two months.
A man who drove a Porsche around Beijing in under three minutes has been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol, state media report.
Fewer than half of councils in England are building enough affordable homes under the government's Right to Buy scheme, according to housing charity Shelter.
Russian MPs are set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of media outlets in the country, amid a row over the conflict in Ukraine.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands and build a new one in Coventry have been approved by councillors.
A man has been arrested after a car with two children in the back was stolen in Belfast on Saturday afternoon.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out his proposals for dealing with the migrant crisis, in a speech to MEPs.
Northampton Town chairman David Cardoza and his father were given more than £2.65m by a company appointed to oversee the redevelopment of the club's Sixfields stadium, it has emerged.
It has been an extraordinary week in Chechnya.
Haiti's former police chief, Guy Philippe, has appeared in court in the US on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses who find it difficult to afford to live in the south of England as part of a recruitment drive.
Police in India have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a building in the western city of Mumbai that killed more than 40 people.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged attempt to blackmail a team-mate with a sex tape, French prosecutors say.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two-year contract after he impressed on trial.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One as they beat Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs at the Ageas Bowl.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in the UK's annual Christmas swims over the next few days, organisers have said.
China's Cao Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong have been banned for a year for doping at the 2012 Olympic Games.
The number of empty shops in Scotland's towns and cities has improved over the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to have "special discussions" with other member states in key areas such as finance, telecommunications or chemicals during the Brexit negotiations, the EU has said.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the Greek government and its creditors broke up without a deal being reached.
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge against a pilots' strike that could lead to the cancellation of hundreds of flights.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted breaching the Environment Agency's code of conduct by allowing sewage to leak into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne has been "not quite such an austere Chancellor as either his own rhetoric or that of his critics might suggest", the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Liam Moriarty's British and Irish Lions training camp has been anything but dull.
Labour's Tristram Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the exams system in England's 14-19 education system.
Workers at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland factories have been told to prepare for the possibility of job losses, with the company expected to announce up to 1,000 redundancies.
The government should set a new target for "world-beating" broadband speeds in the UK by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A body found in a river was actually a bronze sculpture, police have said.
A man who was caught trying to meet a child for sex by a group of paedophile hunters has been jailed for six years.
Solihull maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a hard-fought victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in an extra 110,000 refugees this year as part of a global effort to help those displaced by the conflict in Syria.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has said he will not be standing for election again and has taken up a new job with a liberal think-tank.
Archaeologists working at the Corn Exchange in Brighton have discovered what are thought to be the remains of up to 10 people buried at a Quaker burial ground.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle.
Only 13 people have applied for a grant to help those affected by flooding in York, the BBC has learned.
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help other victims of major trauma.
Dissident Cuban activists have been detained in the capital, Havana, after staging a protest against the government's human rights record.
Sales of new cars in Scotland fell last month, according to the latest figures from the Scottish Motor Trade Association.
Police are hunting a gang of men who have been impersonating police officers in Glasgow city centre in an attempt to steal money from tourists.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada over the controversial CETA free trade deal, despite protests against the deal.
A chocolate artist has recreated the famous galleons of the Battle of Trafalgar in chocolate to mark the centenary of the battle.
A man who suffered a "rare" cardiac arrest outside his home and had to be shocked 17 times by paramedics has been discharged from hospital.
Great Britain's Katherine Grainger won a silver medal in the women's double sculls at the World Rowing Cup in Rotterdam.
A BBC investigation has found no evidence that staff at the Kids Company charity were told about allegations of sexual abuse at a site run by the charity before it closed.
A dog who is so popular with shoppers at a supermarket that he has his own social media page has been asked to stop giving out treats.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a hard-fought victory over League One strugglers Swindon Town.
South Africa's new mayor of the city of Tshwane has scrapped the purchase of 10 luxury cars bought by the governing party.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour the current pension arrangements with its workers, the Unite union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown up a device in a terminal at Beijing International Airport, apparently in protest at his treatment by Chinese police, state media say.
One person has been taken to hospital after a fuel tanker overturned on the M4 in Cardiff, closing the westbound carriageway for several hours.
Jean-Marc Bosman may not be the most famous footballer in the world but he is one of the most influential.
An update is to be given on progress on plans for a £10m weather centre in Dumfriesshire.
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management after visitors complained of long queues to leave the theme park.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" to the way it cares for elderly and vulnerable people.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he's gay.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who stole jewellery and other items from her home, thanking them for "scaring her so much".
A second teenager has been arrested in connection with a machete attack at a shopping centre in south-east London on Saturday.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising.
Chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona on a three-year deal.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from the 14th floor of his apartment building while trying to climb down from a balcony.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should take time to decide whether she wants to continue her career, says her coach Michele Minichiello.
Will Miller's stoppage-time equaliser earned Burton Albion a draw at Wolves in their second Championship game of the season.
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun by a gang of men who broke into her Manchester home and threatened her and her unborn baby.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders rose by 3% last year, according to the latest figures from the region's council.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is one of the world's newest democracies.
Shelley Kerr's appointment as the new Scotland women's head coach is a "fantastic step" for the game, according to Motherwell and Hibernian striker Lee Grant.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting in Flintshire to discuss plans to close a community hospital.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from German club Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
Mark Connolly scored the only goal of the game as Crawley beat Blackpool for the second time this season to move into the League Two play-off places.
The Wales Bill has been passed by AMs in the Senedd, despite Plaid Cymru and UKIP voting against it.
The BBC has been speaking to some of the people who have been involved in Egypt's social media revolution from inside and outside Tahrir Square in Cairo.
The SNP has won a by-election for the Ayr East and Carrick and Cumnock seat in the Scottish Parliament.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven earthquake experts who were found guilty of misleading the public.
An anti-bacterial supplement that can boost the immune system could be used to treat deadly infections, a study suggests.
Police and social services failed to properly investigate the extent of child sexual exploitation taking place in residential care homes, a report has found.
They are fast, really fast, and their attacks lightning speed, putting their Hollywood counterparts from World War Z to shame.
Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo have arrested singer Olomide, who was deported from Kenya after being accused of assaulting a female dancer.
Three inmates who have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Gloucestershire have been named by police.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager on a three-year deal.
R&B star Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea to create a line of furniture for students.
Flights were delayed at Edinburgh Airport after computers failed at the check-in area.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was taken ill after taking what police have described as "potentially dangerous" ecstasy tablets.
The Burmese government has set up a commission to investigate the violence that erupted in June in the western state of Rakhine, killing more than 50 people.
An extra year of education can boost a criminal's income by more than three times as much as a violent crime, a study suggests.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Salford Red Devils on a two-year contract.
Airbus' chief executive, Fabrice Bregier, has said the company would reconsider future investment in the UK if the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the discovery of a new planet similar in size and shape to Earth.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who was killed in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced he will retire from international football at the end of the season.
Two buildings which are full of plants and trees are going to be built in China to help clean up the air.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's 10m platform at the Rio Olympics after failing to reach the final.
Olivier Sanchez scored a late winner as holders Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley and secure a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
A report into the controversial sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published next week, the Department of Finance has confirmed.
A council's Twitter account has been taken over by hackers who posted a series of offensive messages.
Amara Alhaji is a student from Sierra Leone who's studying in Norwich.
The BBC has announced it is to extend its News at Ten, its flagship news programme, from Monday to Thursday in the New Year.
Rugby union is heading towards a "hire-and-fire" approach to head coaches, according to the Rugby Players' Association (RCA).
Former Leicester City defender Martin Keown says it is "out of order" that Craig Shakespeare wants to replace Claudio Ranieri as manager of the Premier League club.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have described a report into her death as "a load of psycho babble and twaddle".
Sony has announced that it is to restart vinyl record production for the first time in more than 30 years.
The UK's only female polar bear has been taken off show at a wildlife park in the Highlands to see if she is pregnant.
Exposure to the UK summer sun several times a week is a "safe balance" between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, experts say.
The government has announced new measures to tackle non-violent extremism, including the cancellation of passports for children aged under 16 and the creation of a blacklist of people deemed to be extremists.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre for a rare muscle-wasting disease to be set up in Wales.
Work to repair a flood-damaged bridge which has been closed for more than a year is to start in July, it has been announced.
Ricky Burns fought bravely to retain his WBC international light-welterweight title despite being knocked out in the eighth round by Mexican Andres Beltran at the SSE Hydro in Glasgow.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic violence in the city.
A man has died after falling three times from a first-floor flat.
A committee of MPs has launched an inquiry into the government's plans to change the rules on so-called "purdah" in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner has become the first person in the UK to cash in his pension pot in the wake of the government's changes to the rules on withdrawals.
An Iron Age "crannog" discovered on the site of an estate in Monmouthshire may be thousands of years older than previously thought.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
More than 472 NHS staff in the UK earn more than £150,000 a year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
It's 100 years since the start of one of the biggest battles of World War One.
The European Commission president has defended the UK's plan to introduce an "emergency brake" on benefits for new EU migrants, saying it is "fair to the UK and fair to the EU".
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl at a school has been given a two-year suspended sentence.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the chest in a fight outside a supermarket car park.
Republican presidential hopefuls have clashed over taxes, immigration and the media in the second and final debate of the race for the party's presidential nomination.
The body of a man whose body was found in a car in Birmingham has been identified by police.
Ukraine's president has called for a "firm reaction" from the world to Russia's "brutal violation" of the Minsk peace agreement after pro-Russian rebels seized the strategic town of Debaltseve.
The Rolling Stones have returned to the top of the US album chart with their second album, Revolution Radio, which has debuted at number one.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has left the Scottish Premiership club to take charge of League One side Bury until the end of the season.
The Turkish military has dismissed three more senior military officials in the wake of last month's failed coup, the interior ministry says.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of Welsh-language cartoon SuperTed, is planning a new series of the character, which he hopes will be made in Wales.
A bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims travelling to the holy city of Mecca has crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing at least 11 people, the country's state news agency Mena has said.
Gateshead pensioner John Barnes has said he is ready to move on with his life after being attacked by a drug addict.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of this week's Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after suffering a back injury in a fall at his home.
Exeter earned their first win of the League Two season with a narrow victory over Cambridge at St James' Park.
Rolls-Royce's "whole presence" in Derby could be put at risk if it moves research and development overseas, a Unite union leader has said.
Bangladesh Cricket Board chairman Wasim Khan has criticised Cricket Australia for postponing the tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns.
Birds' immune system can fight off a deadly fungus that infects humans, according to scientists at Sheffield and Birmingham universities.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning just minutes after taking off, an airline has said.
Scientists have reconstructed the complete nervous system of an extinct "great appendage" arthropod using 3D scanning technology.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby.
Traffic congestion around Stonehenge Bottom has become a "nightmare" since a dual carriageway was closed, campaigners have said.
A couple who have been married for 86 years in the UK may be on the verge of breaking the record for the country's longest married couple.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder David Caddis about his future, reports BBC Radio Birmingham.
Australia pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he hopes his Ashes experience will help him return to his best in the second Test against England.
Team Sky's Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Alberto Contador retained the leader's yellow jersey.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been damaged in an attack by vandals.
Three people have died after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands on Sunday, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on the key issues that will decide the next general election, the leader of the main opposition has said.
Seven fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of plans to save £1.3m over the next three years.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to weaken security systems on their products.
Drones should not be allowed to be used as weapons of war, according to Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe for maths and reading, according to a new study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy's hopes of winning his first major ended with a disappointing third round at Augusta.
The UK is considering whether to carry out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two care workers have been given a 12-month community order for the "grossly negligent" neglect of an elderly woman who died after falling at a Birmingham nursing home.
The number of babies born addicted to a harmful substance in Yorkshire and the Humber has fallen to its lowest level since 2011, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway makers have apologised for making "mistakes" in a children's board game that has been sold to customers.
Security has been stepped up in Berlin ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 friendly between Germany and the Netherlands.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of why reindeer avoid "shiny flashes" of light emitted by power lines, which they say could be damaging to wildlife.
Imax, the owner of the world's largest cinema chain, is planning to list its shares in Hong Kong.
A teenage driver who died in a crash with three friends and a pensioner in Powys had just passed his driving test, an inquest has heard.
A £50,000 sports car has been seized by police after it was spotted being driven by a learner driver in south-east London.
Scooter Gennett became the first Cincinnati Reds player to hit four home runs in a game since 1894 when he hit four against the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing following an investigation into alleged corruption in the force.
Andy Murray made a winning return to action in his first match since giving birth to daughter Sophia as Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in the Davis Cup first round.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has praised Somalia's progress as he visited the capital, Mogadishu, saying the country is "turning around".
Former England and Manchester United footballer Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca Ellison has died after a short battle with cancer.
A major search is under way for a missing teenager who was last seen on a beach on Dartmoor.
A man accused of stabbing a pensioner to death after a car crash had been wrongly diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Graham Westley has been sacked as manager of League One side Peterborough United after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.
The regulator Ofcom has announced the first areas to be considered for a new local TV network in the UK.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after his jet was involved in a collision with another aircraft.
An Indian school textbook on vegetarianism contains "poisoning" content that refers to Eskimos as "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on a diet largely of meat, the BBC has learned.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 16-year-old boy was killed when he was hit by a car at a petrol station.
Aberystwyth's Vale of Rheidol Steam Railway is one of the youngest in the UK to have its own steam engine workshop - and has recently been commissioned to create new wheels for the town's cliff railway which takes visitors up Constitution Hill.
Athletes in Russia went to great lengths to avoid drugs tests at national championships, including running away from the mixed zone after a race and using a container containing clean urine, a report says.
A look at some of the key stories from around the world this week:.
A judge in Brazil has charged the head of President Dilma Rousseff's re-election campaign, Joao Santana, with corruption.
An international police agency is asking the public to help track down nine suspected wildlife criminals who are wanted in connection with a range of environmental crimes.
Asian markets fell sharply on Wednesday after a survey from China showed the country's manufacturing sector shrank at its fastest pace in more than three years in September.
Ulster have appointed French coach Jono Gibbes as their new head coach from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party and "speak with one voice" against cuts made by the SNP.
Three climbers have been rescued from the summit of the highest mountain in the Western Isles after getting into difficulty in high winds.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for China's ChemChina to buy Swiss pesticides and seeds giant Syngenta.
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a knife attack in central Stockholm on Tuesday, in which a woman was killed and another was injured.
Sam Baldock's first-half header was enough to give Brighton victory over struggling Wolves at the Amex Stadium.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Millwall defender David Pidgeley on a one-month loan deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to become relevant again, the party's former donor Arron Banks has said.
The summer transfer window closed in Scotland at the end of last month and, for the second year in a row, the focus of the Scottish Premiership's top six clubs was not so much on signing new players as on securing a place in the top six.
Marta Guillermo is not one of the many Venezuelans who spends most of her waking hours looking for work.
A man has been taken to hospital after the car he was driving crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed on-loan Leicester City defender Jordan Davis on a permanent deal.
Great Britain's David Grabarz won a silver medal in the men's heptathlon at the World Championships for the first time since May 2014.
Celtic became the first side to complete an unbeaten domestic treble in Scottish Cup history as Tom Rogic's injury-time winner saw off Aberdeen at Hampden.
League Two side Colchester United have signed midfielder Alex Kettings on a one-year contract.
Five men accused of being involved in the 9/11 attacks, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, have appeared before a US military court for the first time since the attacks.
Pop star Beyonce has been shortlisted for three Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist of all time.
Plans to build a new football stadium in Cornwall will be given the go-ahead if extra money is found to pay for it, the prime minister has said.
Wayne Rooney is close to agreeing a new contract with Manchester United, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Adam Matthews on loan until the end of the season.
A World War Two Spitfire has failed to sell at auction for the first time since it was built more than 70 years ago.
Two major energy engineering firms have announced plans to create more than 1,700 new jobs in Scotland.
Two hens have hatched chicks next to an animatronic wild boar at a museum in Somerset.
The government's immigration cap is having "no effect" on bringing down net migration and could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter, a committee of MPs has said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the wake of a planned rise in car insurance premium tax.
Footballer Joe Allen spends his spare time caring for birds, while Petr Cech is a drummer on his drum kit and Stephen Hibbert is an Angling Times cover star.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches about changing the date of Easter.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto capital of so-called Islamic State (IS), activists say.
For years it has been known as "Land Rover Town" because of the number of Range Rovers and Land Rovers that line the streets.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Shrewsbury Town left-back Luke Caton on loan until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has refused to reinstate President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Plans to scrap plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers in Huddersfield have been scrapped.
Kieran Lee's second-half equaliser rescued a point for Sheffield Wednesday as they drew with Burnley at Hillsborough.
Bakery chain Greggs has reported a rise in sales and profits for the third quarter of the year, helped by strong demand for its meal deals.
Great Britain's Joachim Jung won Olympic gold in the individual eventing event on the second day of the Rio Games as he took the eventing gold medal for the first time since the death of France's Christian Fischertakinou.
Local communities in the UK are to be offered the chance to buy shares in renewable energy businesses under a new government plan.
A 47-year-old man has been charged in connection with the shooting of three cats in Surrey.
The Prince of Wales' Duchy of Cornwall has said there is "no simple solution" to a beach where a body was pulled from the sea after a man died last year.
When you look at the foetuses of a humpback whale, you can't help but notice how similar they are to the animals we know today.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% again by the Bank of England.
China has reacted angrily to an international tribunal's ruling that it has the right to claim most of the South China Sea.
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years and the Federal Reserve kept interest rates at a record low.
David Warner's maiden Test century helped Australia draw the third Test against the West Indies after rain washed out the final day of the match.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf in Germany after two levees along the Danube river broke, officials say.
A 25-year-old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being seriously assaulted in Caernarfon, Gwynedd.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon after a "large and unpredictable" street party in south-east London.
Cricket and Nigeria may seem an incongruous pairing, but in Lagos many a weekend players in their colourful kit take to the crease on a dusty pitch in a fiercely competitive cricket league.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously expected, the Bank of England's chief economist has said.
Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's biggest contract electronics maker, has reported a 15% rise in quarterly profits, helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads.
It is 600 years since King Henry V walked from Shrewsbury to the shrine of St Winefride's Well in Shropshire to thank her for his victory at the Battle of Agincourt.
When Lewis Hamilton takes to the track at Interlagos in Brazil this weekend, he will be the first Formula 1 driver to win a grand prix in the country.
A former university lecturer has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Up to 1,000 jobs are to go at a chemical plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff after it was announced that production will be moved to the Netherlands.
Camelot, the mythical home of King Arthur, has been the subject of much speculation over the years.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring his first Premier League goal of the season, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri.
Could the Conservative Party be heading towards a collision with the iceberg of its own Euroscepticism?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising tax cuts for the wealthy while putting parents and social workers "in the firing line" if they win the election.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a fight between adults and children.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time in their history in India.
UKIP AM Neil Gill has said he would give up one of his two roles as an AM and an MEP if asked by the party's new leader Paul Nuttall.
A charity which runs the school where Benefits Street was filmed has offered advice on what to do if you get unwanted advances from TV producers.
The Prison Officers' Association (POA) and the government have agreed a deal to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the union has said.
A man has written to the National Trust asking for help in tracing a photographer who took the last known photograph of his wife, who died three months later.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of so-called "whitening creams" in the country, citing health concerns, the country's pharmaceutical authority says.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit, with both parties accusing each other of "grandstanding" after their attempts to form an alliance collapsed.
At least 1,306 members of so-called Islamic State (IS) have been killed in UK air strikes against the group in Iraq and Syria since the start of 2015, the government has said.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into Norwich International Airport's website to see if he could gain access to the passenger information system.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been given the go-ahead.
A third man has been found guilty of murdering a man and burying his body in an outhouse.
"None of the computers or machines worked except for the MRIs [magnetic resonance imaging]," recalled Mykhailo Radutskyi, president of the Boris Clinic - Kiev's largest medical clinic.
Wasps moved to within four points of Premiership leaders Saracens with a bonus-point win over Sale at the Ricoh Arena.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a crash between a bus and a lorry in Edinburgh.
A British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has returned to the UK after the case against him was thrown out.
The company behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire has said up to half of the Â£50m it plans to spend on the project could be spent in the county.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency has been sacked after he and his daughter were caught up in a row over a restaurant dispute, President Enrique Pena Nieto says.
Downing Street has said it hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two RAF Spitfire fighter planes that have been missing for 70 years.
A man and a woman have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons National Park after getting into difficulty at Nant Peris.
The government has temporarily suspended its controversial fast-track system for asylum seekers who are detained while awaiting hearings.
For all that it may sound attractive to the Scots, Welsh and Northern Irish to have greater control over their own tax and spending, what if at the same time the rest of the UK becomes poorer?
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager who was stabbed to death has gone on the run.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a burnt-out car more than a year ago have been released on bail.
Fife-based office refurbishments firm Havelock Europa is to invest £1.5m in a new marketing campaign aimed at attracting new clients.
It was a tough time for the founders of BrewDog, one of the UK's fastest-growing and most successful craft breweries.
Sterling has fallen for a third day in a row as uncertainty over the outcome of the EU referendum continued to rattle markets.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British man who was killed fighting against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony in Kurdish-controlled northern Iraq.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of phone records is unlawful.
Blackburn Rovers have signed West Bromwich Albion defender Martin Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further year.
Two of the last 100 dogs seized by police in Devon and Cornwall have been kept in kennels without human contact, the BBC has learned.
Chuka Umunna has told the BBC there is "no glory in opposition" for Labour and the party will "betray its people" if it does not win the general election.
A Denbighshire man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the Mediterranean, an inquest has heard.
A court in Iraq has sentenced 20 men to death for their part in the killing of more than 100 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Tikrit in 2014.
Surfcasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online retailer Surfstitch in a deal worth an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after a weather-affected second round that was cut short by bad weather.
Stuart Ambrose scored twice as Colchester United came from behind to beat Bradford City and secure their first League One win of the season.
Two Neolithic huts, dating from 4,500 years ago, have been put on display at Stonehenge as part of an archaeological project.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the US to demand President Donald Trump release his tax returns as part of a "showusyourtaxes" protest.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexican Andres Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in December, the sport's governing body has confirmed.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley will not be prevented from becoming England captain despite serving a two-match ban for his red card at the World Cup, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student who was jailed in North Korea for more than 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma for almost all of that time.
"The world's biggest fight is coming to Las Vegas" is the slogan of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, the world's largest mixed martial arts organisation.
A Mexican man has been charged with the 2010 murder of a US border patrol agent who was shot dead in a gunfight in Arizona.
The White House has condemned a series of bomb threats made to Jewish community centres in the US state of Missouri on Monday.
It is easy to look at England's victory over Italy at Twickenham on Saturday and say: this was a great win, a terrific win, an emphatic victory.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced that it will open up its driverless car technology to the public.
Rail passengers are being advised not to travel unless "absolutely necessary" in the run-up to a national strike by Network Rail workers.
Police in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man suspected of raping a nun at a convent in March.
Texas lawmakers have proposed a resolution to ban the use of the Chilean flag as a substitute for the official state flag.
The Premier League has agreed a new three-year deal with US broadcaster NBC to broadcast Premier League matches in the United States from 2016-17.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed as part of a £1.5m project to install new water pipes.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara over what it says was a violation of its airspace by a Russian warplane.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Howley says his side are "getting there" in their bid to reach the Premiership's top six for the first time in four years.
League One side Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough defender Michael Doughty until the end of the season.
Belgian cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned for six months after being found to have used a hidden motor in her bike.
UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor is back in Las Vegas.
England fly-half George Ford is set to replace Owen Farrell in the starting line-up for Saturday's second Test against Australia in Sydney.
A Stranraer schoolgirl has launched a campaign to ensure a life-extending drug for a rare genetic condition is made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield Ladies have said they "deserve" to be included in the Rugby Football Union's new Women's Super Rugby competition.
The Football Association stands by its decision not to call up some of England's best players for the Under-21 World Cup despite their failure to reach the last 16, says performance director Colin Ashworth.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said that trade will be a top priority for his administration and that he wants to renegotiate trade deals with countries to help create jobs.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby girl has said it was "one of the most rewarding" days of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is "very positive" Manu Tuilagi will sign a new contract with the Premiership club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang raped and sexually assaulted by a group of men has been jailed for five years.
A man who raped a 14-year-old girl and sexually abused two other girls over a five-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Firefighters are still at the scene of a fire at an industrial estate in Stranraer in Dumfries and Galloway.
At least 60 homes have been flooded after heavy rain caused flash flooding in Cambridgeshire.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Mexico last September could not have been burned at a landfill site, a human rights group has said in a report.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia as part of a UK commitment to UN peacekeeping, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A five-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle was blown away during a football match has undergone surgery.
US striker Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football at the end of the 2017 Women's World Cup.
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding compared with other developed countries, according to new research.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African scrum-half Ruan Kebble from Pro12 side the Stormers.
Widnes Vikings head coach Darren Betts says his side have not lost momentum despite their recent poor run of form in Super League.
Kensington Palace has said "any suggestion of impropriety with under-age minors" by Prince Andrew is "categorically untrue".
Krystian Pearce rescued a point for Mansfield with a late equaliser as they drew with York in the National League.
Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and grievous bodily harm after a man was stabbed in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of coercing a woman into having sex with a stranger.
Sheffield Wednesday have completed the signing of Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived on the site of a West Sussex school destroyed by fire.
Wales wing George North should return to play in Wales, says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Martyn Davies.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached her first WTA final of the year with a straight-set victory over third seed Simona Halep at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men who broke into his home in County Londonderry.
Work has begun on a major revamp of a Denbighshire leisure centre.
The number of suspected cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in West Yorkshire has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to police figures.
The driver of a pick-up truck has been arrested in connection with the deaths of eight people who were found locked inside a trailer in temperatures of up to 40C (104F).
Anorexia nervosa is a serious mental illness that affects people of all sizes, but it's particularly dangerous for young girls, according to the charity BodyPositive.
Travellers from the first generation of the Windrush generation who came to Britain in the 1940s have been shown off their belongings at a museum ahead of Nottingham Carnival.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle has accused BBC director general John Whittingdale of behaving as if he were running the BBC, amid reports the government is planning to force the corporation to defend its scheduling.
An investigation has been launched after a woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) was told she could not get a taxi to a concert because she was in a wheelchair.
The European Space Agency (Esa) says its comet lander, Philae, has made contact with Earth for the first time since going into hibernation.
A police officer who was called to an incident in Glasgow city centre was given a standing ovation when he took to the karaoke stage to sing Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Worcestershire paceman Rilee Viljoen took five wickets to help his side to a seven-wicket win over Leicestershire in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not engage in "normal politics" if the government does not take action to resolve the crisis at Stormont.
Northamptonshire seamer James Buck took 4-36 to help his side take control against Durham on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Chester-le-Street.
Police investigating the disappearance of an Inverclyde woman who has been missing for more than a month have launched a fresh appeal for information.
A charity that helps people with facial disfigurements says adverts for a conference call service are "disturbing" because they show people wearing masks.
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton reached the second round of the EFL Cup with victory over Sheffield United.
French mosques have opened their doors to the public for the first time in a year as part of an initiative aimed at uniting Muslims and non-Muslims.
UK and Scottish fishermen have been given a 5% increase in their North Sea fishing quota for 2015 after talks between the European Union and Norway.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed into a field in Birmingham has been found safe and well after walking to a pub for a drink.
For more than a century and a half, the Swansea Canal was one of the world's most important waterways, carrying hundreds of thousands of tonnes of coal, iron and steel each year.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be fit for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday after returning to training on Monday.
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants in a bid to tackle the Calais migrant crisis, the government has announced.
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and Justice Minister Michael Teeven have resigned over a row over a payment made to a convicted drug trafficker in the 1990s.
Stuart Swankie scored a stoppage-time winner as Forfar Athletic came from behind to beat Cowdenbeath and go top of Scottish League Two.
Plans to build more than 100 homes in the village of Carrbridge in Aviemore have been refused by Highland Council.
A norovirus outbreak has been reported at a Cardiff hospital.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how China is losing the battle for freedom of speech.
For decades, crocodile farmers in Australia have been gathering wild eggs from the animals' nests in remote parts of the country.
A fleet of gritters in Gloucestershire has been taken out for maintenance for the first time since the end of the summer.
Meet the robots of the future and find out how they're changing our lives.
A former friend of the couple convicted of murdering Liam Fee has said they "don't even deserve a place in prison".
Plans have been submitted for a £100m power station at a Norfolk paper mill to generate electricity and steam.
Thousands of migrants and refugees in the Calais camp known as the Jungle have been moved out of the area where they have been living for months, French officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" between Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans to reduce the number of councils in Wales from eight to six have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (£50bn) in a deal that would create the largest cable company in the US.
A man who was sexually abused as a child at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's public inquiry into child abuse.
Poland has said it will not allow a Russian biker group, dubbed the "Kremlin's Hells Angels", to enter the country.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as Test captain after the second Test against England ended in a draw.
Australia's economy grew by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, beating expectations, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's favourite birds of prey.
Mexican Sergio Perez has decided to stay with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A London council has dropped its legal bid to force a mother to attend school after she refused to comply with a compulsory attendance order.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Nedbank Challenge in Sweden.
Victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales are being urged to get medical help at a new clinic in Cardiff.
Scientists in the US have discovered a new class of plastic that can be recycled into new materials.
The UK has failed to find a Google or Facebook in the tech sector because of a lack of long-term support for start-ups, according to Steve Woodford, chief executive and co-founder of start-up firm Dimension Therapeutics.
The first new gin distillery in the Scottish Borders in nearly 200 years has opened its doors to the public.
One of Nottingham's most historic buildings, destroyed in a fire last month, was once home to one of the city's most famous cigarette firms.
For more than a century men have enjoyed a significant advantage over women when it comes to life expectancy.
A man has been charged in the US state of Michigan for allegedly forcing a student with a severe peanut allergy to eat peanut butter as part of fraternity initiation.
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off part of a mountain in northern Finland to mark the country's independence from Russia.
The Scottish economy will continue to grow this year but at a slower rate than previously forecast, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife convinced him to take the job after he was asked by President Donald Trump.
A football club has appealed for the identity of a bride-to-be who posed for a photo with its players after their coach was stuck in a traffic jam following the collapse of a motorway bridge.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences, police have said.
A campaign has been launched to raise money for sculptures to be erected at the National Memorial Arboretum in memory of soldiers from the Devonshire, Dorset and Somerset regiments.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader in Myanmar (also known as Burma), made an impassioned speech in parliament this week.
A man who was caught on CCTV trying to rob a convenience store could be seen in the store's CCTV system because of his distinctive hair, a court has heard.
There is a "pattern of behaviour" within the police service in England and Wales where black and ethnic minority officers are treated unfairly, the National Police Chiefs' Association says.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins found by a metal detectorist in County Down have been declared treasure at an inquest in Banbridge.
The mother of a 15-year-old girl who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Northumberland coast has issued a warning about the dangers of water.
A British man has been charged with causing the death of his girlfriend in a scooter crash in Thailand.
A woman who admitted killing a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack after being wined and dined by him has been jailed for 20 years.
As Philip Hammond prepares to deliver his Budget on Wednesday, there is one Tigger in Number 11 who is not happy.
Manchester United have named England defender Ashley Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has told MSPs at Holyrood: "There is no greater honour in public life than to be a member of this parliament."
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted their computer systems and demanded a ransom to unlock them.
We're BodyPositive and we want you to join us.
Sepp Blatter should step down as president of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said.
A restaurant owner in southern Spain has told of a "stampede" in which a group of up to 30 people left a restaurant in a single night in a row.
The number of livestock worrying incidents involving dogs in Scotland has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to police.
Force India have confirmed French teenager Esteban Ocon as their new driver for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A care home for older people and adults with learning disabilities in Gloucestershire has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
If you're out walking your dog and you're trying to tell them what to do, it's easy to get them to understand you.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a rival drug dealer who was stabbed to death in an "act of retribution" in a turf war.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been given a three-game touchline ban after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association.
National League side Tranmere Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City maintained their 100% start to the Championship season with a convincing victory over Cardiff City at Ashton Gate.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries to put Middlesex in a strong position against Hampshire on day two at Lord's.
The mother of a baby with a cow's milk allergy has spoken of her anger at plans to stop giving out NHS prescriptions for specialist formula in south London.
Every owner of a touchscreen gadget has experienced the sight of those smudges on the screen, the ones that look like they have been smeared with mud.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who needs a transplant.
An Australian toddler who was born with an extra leg in her pelvis has undergone "daunting" surgery that will allow her to return home to Bangladesh.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a retirement home in Fife.
National League side Grimsby Town have re-signed left-back Mark Cooper on a one-year deal after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
It is the time of year when thousands of people descend on Aintree for the annual Ladies' Day festival, a chance for women to strut their stuff in their finery and show off their fashion sense.
The death of a woman who died after being refused admission to a specialist neurosurgery unit at Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital could happen again unless action is taken, a coroner has warned.
Niall Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Former England batsman Michael Vaughan has retired from international cricket at the age of 40.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed speculation linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Michael van Gerwen won the PDC World Darts Championship for the second time in three years with a 7-5 victory over Mark Wright in the final at Alexandra Palace in London.
If you want to know what the political parties in Northern Ireland are thinking about the EU referendum, ask them to tell you.
Scott Greer has not ruled out playing for Scotland again next season despite being released by his former club.
Defence is one of the most important issues in British politics.
Lord Avebury, a Liberal Democrat peer and former MP, has died at the age of 83.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession, according to official figures.
Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of behaving "irresponsibly and recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign and said he is "very surprised" he could lead the Conservative Party one day.
Police have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault in October.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire, with Prime Minister David Cameron invited to join them.
Crystal Palace secured their first Premier League win of the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Goodison Park.
Teachers in England and Wales received more than £16m in compensation last year for personal injuries, according to figures from the NASUWT union.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a major trade deal being negotiated between the US and the European Union.
Bristol director of rugby Dean Robinson says the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach has "kicked" the club.
German exports and factory production fell in November, adding to a raft of disappointing economic data that has cast further doubt on the country's economic recovery.
A British Red Cross volunteer who was part of the team that treated the victims of the Shoreham air disaster has been awarded a knighthood in the New Year Honours.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should be "stronger" in tackling corporate governance failings, the former chairman of the Cadbury code, Lord Myners, has said.
A statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by TV illusionist Uri Geller in Shropshire.
In March 2017, Vladimir Putin and France's far-right National Front leader, Marine Le Pen, met in Moscow.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it will strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A man who boasted on social media about raping a baby and sexually abusing children has been jailed.
A police officer has been disciplined after an officer made a mistake in a search of a man's home and arrested the wrong man, the Police Ombudsman has said.
Serena Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their fourth successive WTA title with victory at the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win the World Cup after they were beaten by South Africa in their final game of the tournament.
Gatwick Airport has said it will "take on the main risks" of building a new runway as part of its bid to expand its runway network.
Carlisle United have signed Portuguese winger Pedro on a one-year deal after he impressed in pre-season friendlies.
Boris Johnson's political career has been a rollercoaster of highs and lows.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent move.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for indecency after stripping off in public at a popular tourist destination has left the country.
Ethiopia has come a long way in the last seven years.
In a small room on the outskirts of the Turkish border town of Suruc, a group of mothers are sitting in tears.
A second break-in at Lincoln's Bomber Command Centre has been linked to the theft of a flagpole from the site.
League Two side Northampton Town have been placed into administration.
Shares in two Hong Kong-based financial firms have seen their value fall sharply following a sharp sell-off in the past two days.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench in the wake of his reshuffle, the party has confirmed.
It has been a year since the average price of a Premier League season ticket fell below the £30 mark for the first time.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja and his wife have been fined for taking photos of themselves with endangered Asiatic lions in a national park, officials say.
A man has died in prison after being charged with the attempted murder of two schoolboys in Hampshire.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on TV is at its highest level on record, according to a new report.
Nick Clegg's office has accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of raiding £400m from the Basic Need Budget to fund free schools in England, the BBC has learned.
The candidates for the Tower Hamlets mayoral election have been announced.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park is one of the most famous sports stadiums in the world, home to some of the biggest names in British sport.
Castleford Tigers back-rower Ryan Chase says he is in the "best shape he has ever been" as he prepares to return to the club for the first time since 2013.
Great Britain's Wayne Rooney says he would love to receive his Beijing 2008 Olympic gold medal at next month's Diamond League Anniversary Games.
Scientists say they have discovered a gene that could explain why some people are more likely to enjoy coffee than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been invited to succeed his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died last month.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has decided not to put his name forward to become the party's next leader.
First Minister Carwyn Jones says she hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her young son when she presents The One Show in Cardiff this week.
A Catholic bishop in the Church of Ireland has said he supports the introduction of civil same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
The body of a man has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to illegally export a coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
It looks like the new Ghostbusters movie could be the start of a whole new series of films and TV shows.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned of delays and cancellations due to improvements to services in the Bristol area.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the Spanish region of Catalonia calling for independence from Spain.
Prince Harry has shared some photos from his visit to a children's home in South Africa where he was given a Christmas hat and balloons.
Taxi booking apps such as Uber and GrabTaxi have been banned in Singapore under new rules aimed at cracking down on illegal taxi booking services.
Chris Woakes will replace James Anderson as England's pace bowler for the first Test against South Africa, which starts in Johannesburg on Thursday.
It's been more than a year since a police dog was shot in the head with a crossbow and left with life-changing injuries.
A man and a woman have died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in the US city of Minneapolis in which four people were wounded.
The prime minister of Lesotho has said he will not return to the country after the army staged a coup against his government.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a second break-in at his Cardiff home in less than a year.
Campaigners fighting the building of electricity pylons in the Lake District have begun a walk through the National Park to highlight their concerns.
Photographs by Lonnie Schlein, Raul Roman and Joey Rosa.
A curfew imposed in the US city of Baltimore following the death of a black man in police custody has been lifted, the mayor has said.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen left-back Lee Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious injury to midfielder Martin Bendtner.
Lancashire's Alviro Petersen hit his 41st first-class century to put his side in a strong position on day one against Gloucestershire at Lord's.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the release of hacked emails from the Trump campaign.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake" for the UK.
Lord Coe has been elected president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) - the sport's world governing body.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Bristol Rovers left-back Omar Khamdjo on a one-year contract after his release by National League rivals York City.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has had his contract terminated by the Premier League club after being banned by Fifa for six months.
A neighbour has told the trial of two men accused of throwing sulphuric acid in the face of the Sun newspaper's editor that he tried to wash the acid off his face before ambulance staff arrived.
Vauxhall has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate a problem with one of its Zafira models, after a number of cars burst into flames.
As the race for the Republican and Democratic parties' presidential nominations enters its final days, Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are complaining that the process is "rigged" and "crooked".
If you want to be a Jedi Knight in the Star Wars galaxy, then you might want to consider taking up lightsabers.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in Dorset.
The US government has given conditional approval for Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil and gas drilling in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska.
A 25-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room in January.
South African Paralympic champion athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after the fatal shooting of his girlfriend at his home in Pretoria.
Turkey is blocking access to one of the world's most popular internet anonymising networks, according to a monitoring group.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Fazio has left the Premier League club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
When New Zealand hosted the 2002 Rugby World Cup, it was the first major international sporting event to be held in Japan since the country's football team won the World Cup in 1958.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a fresh attempt to seize control of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, one of the world's most important archaeological sites.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over after it was found to say "left" instead of "right".
Former Bath and Leicester head coach Bruce Guscott was the director of rugby at The Rec in the 1980s and 1990s, when the Tigers were the dominant English club.
A "tax on work" charge for parking at work has come into force in Nottingham, with many employers passing on the cost to staff.
Former Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren says he "compromised too much" during his time in charge of the club and hopes new boss Rafael Benitez will be given greater control.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision not to join the Scotland Under-21 squad for the Under-20 World Cup.
Plans have been drawn up to transform one of Wales' oldest universities into a "world-class" postgraduate centre.
Voters will be required to show a photo ID to cast their ballots under plans to tackle electoral fraud, the government has announced.
Nottinghamshire's Sean Mullaney hit a century to help his side post a big first-innings total against Surrey on day one of their One-Day Cup match at The Oval.
The family of a terminally ill man who died at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said they are "in a state of all-consuming grief" following his death.
A petition calling on the Welsh assembly to introduce a road safety campaign for horses has been signed by thousands of people.
A book about the life and death of a Welsh Guardsman killed in Afghanistan has won this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
The National Deaf Children's Society has said it is "deeply concerned" by government plans to cut funding for disabled students.
A writer has said he was forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after being asked to remove "censored" place names from his stall.
Ireland flanker CJ Stander insists there will be no extra protection for Conor Murray against Glasgow Warriors in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
A large-scale trial to see if losing weight after breast cancer diagnosis could reduce the risk of the disease returning is being launched at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) conference in Chicago.
Germany will face Portugal in the Confederations Cup final after Leon Goretzka scored a hat-trick in their semi-final win over Mexico.
Eddie Izzard has completed a gruelling challenge to run 27 marathons in 27 consecutive days in South Africa to raise money for charity.
Norwich City boss Alex Neil says his side "deserved" their 1-0 win over Barnsley on Saturday, despite hitting the woodwork several times.
Crotone avoided relegation from Serie A by beating 10-man Lazio, who had Bastos sent off, to secure their place in the Coppa Italia final.
Hugh Grant is to star in Guy Ritchie's remake of The Man From U.N.C.L.E, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the second quarter of 2015, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in energy and carmakers, as investors digested a series of executive actions from the White House.
Nicholas Winton, who has died at the age of 105, was one of the last surviving members of the Kindertransport team.
A record number of prisoners escaped from prisons in England and Wales in 2016-17 - the highest number in any year since records began, figures show.
A commemorative £5 coin to be struck in honour of Prince George has been unveiled by the Royal Mint.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead for the first time in more than 80 years.
The mother of a 21-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A as they continued their bid for a third successive domestic and Champions League treble with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title with two games to spare as they beat Barnsley at St James' Park to end the season on a high.
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed outside a shop in Wolverhampton.
When I was a teenager I used to give a speech at a school debating competition calling for Yorkshire to become an independent state.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes at two new developments in Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline final at Rio 2016, the first British woman to win a medal in the event.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester City moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool at King Power Stadium.
Shakespeare's birthplace, the Tithe Barn and the Tower of London are among the most famous examples of medieval symbols believed to have been used to ward off witches and evil spirits.
The chimney of Didcot Power Station's tall tower has collapsed, prompting speculation on social media that it may have come down.
A cross-Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by travel firm Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the lowest since 1987, the harbour master has said.
The man in charge of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has said Northern Ireland's tourism industry needs to be "mature enough" to take advantage of the attraction's success.
A man who absconded from a mental health unit in Sussex where he was being held for killing his friend has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, who led the largest manhunt the country has seen for 44 years, is to retire.
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County at the top of the table with victory at Hartlepool.
Sunderland defender Christian Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Striker Mario Mandzukic has been ruled out of Germany's friendly against Austria on Saturday because of a hamstring injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is the only way the club can qualify for the Europa League.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with its engine.
The number of visitors to a sculpture of ceramic poppies in Leeds has risen by 170% since it was unveiled last year, according to the city's art park.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first German footballer to come out as gay.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland's (PSNI) Serious Crime Branch is to review all deaths linked to a paramilitary unit that was disbanded in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been issued in an Anglesey town following a series of anti-social behaviour incidents.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks after being found guilty of assaulting his ex-girlfriend.
US Christian missionary Kenneth Bae has been returned to a North Korean labour camp after 15 months in detention, the US state department says.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire have been put up for sale with a guide price of £12.6m.
South Africa are to begin a search for a new head coach ahead of next month's tour of England.
A security audit of the UK's internet service providers (ISPs) carried out in the wake of the TalkTalk hack has found a number of weaknesses that could have been exploited by hackers.
Online gambling firms could face legal action after an investigation found they were breaking the law by preventing customers from withdrawing their winnings.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris, who was found dead at his home in Suffolk, has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in the 1-0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough.
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain may improve maths skills, according to researchers at Cardiff University.
A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car in West Yorkshire has been named by police.
The US government has been accused of carrying out "unprecedented" and "unlawful" surveillance of US citizens under a programme known as Prism, which has been revealed in a series of documents leaked from the National Security Agency.
Rory McIlroy will miss the first two rounds of the Honda Classic in Florida because of a stomach bug.
Warwickshire and England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of his home county and Birmingham Bears.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is to sue a policewoman who says she was ordered by the government to report the presence of national police on the seafront in Nice at the time of the Bastille Day attack.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton said he had a "very, very odd weekend" as his title hopes were dealt a blow with a fourth-place finish in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Uganda's opposition leader Kizza Besigye is a former doctor who rose to prominence during the 1980s bush war against President Yoweri Museveni's National Resistance Movement (NRM).
A Cardiff man says he and his wife have been left terrified by a colony of Tube spiders that have taken up residence in their garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £5.5m for the year to the end of March, up from £3.6m in the same period last year.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in a street in Londonderry.
A Nobel laureate has said he is "really sorry" for comments he made about women in science that were reported to have been seen as sexist.
Cuts to social care budgets in England have left thousands of people struggling to get the help they need, according to new figures.
A former Bolivian air traffic control officer has accused her superiors of pressuring her to change the content of a report before a plane crash that killed most of a Brazilian football team in November.
A court in China has sentenced five members of a banned religious cult to life in prison for the murder of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry has said she wants to "move on" from her feud with Taylor Swift.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the 129 people killed in the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit into the way it spent more than £1.2m in 2014/15.
Plans for a new film and television studio in Aberdeen have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Prue Leith is to step down as a judge on the Great British Menu after 11 series, it has been announced.
Substitute Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 to keep alive their hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals in Gabon.
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from certain areas of the city under plans to crack down on "irresponsible" owners.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe's forthcoming elections.
The University of Staffordshire has agreed to take over the running of the former Stafford High Court building.
Rescuers in Greenland are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country's west coast.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A1(M) near Ballymena, County Antrim.
Prime Minister Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump in Washington later this month, the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department asked the FBI to change the classification of a classified email sent by Hillary Clinton last year, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the most expensive city in the world for commuters to travel on public transport, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says the club need to sign "two or three more players" to improve their squad ahead of the new season.
Steam, one of the world's most popular digital games retailers, has struck a deal with film studio Lionsgate to release video content through its platform.
Mexican police have arrested several people suspected of involvement in the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman earlier this month, officials say.
Highland Council has said it is "unlikely" that a new school campus in Wick will be ready to open in October.
The Chancellor Philip Hammond has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by some small businesses in the Autumn Statement.
The head of Ofsted has criticised the government's plans to make five GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils in England, saying they are not suitable for everyone.
The Royal Navy's first aircraft carrier is to be based at Portsmouth Naval Base, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced.
Police are continuing to search for a man who has been missing from his home in Edinburgh for more than two weeks after he was seen travelling to Manchester.
Fishermen off the coast of Wales are being asked to report any sightings of a rare species of shark they catch.
Lava has been spewing out of a volcano in Hawaii in the US state of Hawaii.
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have won the latest round in a legal battle over an injunction issued by the Republic of Ireland's richest man against the broadcaster.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been suspended by cycling's world governing body, the UCI, for a second time for failing a drugs test.
A US aid worker who was held in Syria for more than three years has been freed, the US State Department has said.
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found there was a "relentless" attempt to defeat the ends of justice after the attack.
Scottish Football Association chief executive Martin Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on the issue of gambling in Scottish football.
The white police officer accused of killing a black teenager in Chicago in 2014 has pleaded not guilty to 16 counts of first-degree murder.
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions for the first time in its 25-year history, the company that owns it has confirmed.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has turned down a bid from League Two side Gillingham for midfielder Luke Byrne.
The Bank of England has announced the introduction of a new plastic fiver, the first of its kind to be issued in the UK.
An Australian man who survived six days without food or water in the Australian desert by eating ants has said he does not know how he survived.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side were "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool left them 12 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Syrian government forces say they have recaptured a key district of the central city of Homs from rebels.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was racially abused by a member of staff at Heathrow Airport on Monday night, the BBC understands.
Protesters in Abkhazia have taken to the streets of the capital, Sukhumi, calling for the resignation of the country's de facto president.
An Indian woman has thanked the country's railway ministry for helping her out after she used social media to seek help for a distressed family.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a new music video for their new single.
Arsenal, Chelsea, Leicester and Birmingham City have all denied doping claims made by the Sunday Times.
A campaign to elect a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff has failed to hit its target, a councillor has claimed.
The closure of two Royal Navy bases in Portsmouth and Aldershot will have a "devastating" impact on the local economy, a council has said.
Nigeria's military says most of the schoolgirls abducted from a boarding school in the north-eastern town of Chibok on Tuesday have escaped from their captors.
Ten men from Brazil and Paraguay have been arrested in a raid on a suspected illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates more complex crime is "still not good enough", the police watchdog has said.
The BBC has confirmed it will shut down its global edition of the iPlayer app on 26 June.
A Victorian cemetery reception house used to hold the dead before funerals has been given Grade II listed status.
An exhibition in Iran of cartoonists' depictions of Donald Trump has drawn comparisons between the US president and Adolf Hitler.
As Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders battle it out for the Democratic nomination for the US presidential nomination, the two candidates have been battling it out on social media.
Port Vale came from behind to beat West Bromwich Albion and reach the second round of the League One play-offs.
Cambridge United have re-signed defender Michael Keane on loan from Oxford United until the end of the season.
A woman in her 70s has been left "very upset" after a raid on her home in Aberdeenshire.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died after a lorry crashed into a crowd of pedestrians in Glasgow city centre.
England finished third in the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in Georgia as they beat New Zealand 24-10 to win the tournament for the first time.
A lorry has overturned on the M1 in Northamptonshire, causing traffic delays of up to five miles (8km) in both directions.
Zuzanna Abramovic has opened her latest exhibition at the Serpentine Gallery in London, where she has invited the public to spend eight hours a day in a state of total silence.
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to sit down and engage constructively in talks aimed at restoring power-sharing.
An engineering firm in the Highlands is set to create more than 200 new jobs after securing £20m of funding from the Scottish government.
An 82-year-old woman found dead in her Fife home was murdered in a "brutal" attack, police have said.
Firefighters in Chile are battling a series of forest fires that have destroyed more than 1,000 homes and killed at least 20 people.
The US has condemned as "deeply troubling" Israel's decision to approve the construction of a new settlement in the occupied West Bank.
A judge has said it is in the best interests of the children of a couple arrested on suspicion of trying to travel to the Middle East to join so-called Islamic State.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the first strike by women chainmakers in the Black Country.
A report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) has found that nearly a third of the more than 600 young people who returned to Kenya from Somalia last year were forced to join militant groups.
A woman in her 20s is in a critical condition in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
A 24-hour strike by midwives in Northern Ireland has ended, but further industrial action is planned in a dispute over pay.
Two 15-year-old boys from South Tyneside have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children.
A teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to death by a military court for killing four of his comrades in a revenge attack last year in which he said he was the victim of bullying.
Toyota is to invest £100m to upgrade its UK car plant, creating up to 1,000 new jobs.
More public money is needed to boost the number of people taking part in sport and physical activity in Wales, a leading football figure has said.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party, Helen Zille, has announced she is to step down.
Chris Eubank Jr says he is ready to hand over his British middleweight title belt to injured boxer Ryan Blackwell as a "goodwill gesture".
A family in the US state of Alaska has been reunited with their dead son after police mistook him for another man who died in a car crash.
League One side Notts County have signed QPR midfielder Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's top law officer has told the Supreme Court that the Scottish Parliament does not have the power to stop the UK government triggering Brexit.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Gardaí (Irish police) have said claims that Gerry Adams was involved in the killing of republican James Donaldson are "absolute nonsense", a lawyer for his family has said.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a World War Two British general who was sent to a Nazi concentration camp to treat the sick and dying.
Police have said they are treating a suspicious device found on a road in Inverness as "nothing untoward".
Nico Rosberg headed a Red Bull one-two in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled with problems.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been placed on alert after an intruder broke into its play area.
Kingfisher, the owner of the B&Q and Screwfix home improvement chains, has agreed to sell its Chinese business to Wumei Holdings.
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark free trade deal after talks broke down at the last minute.
Survivors of the Aberfan disaster have told their stories at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri will carry 11st 10lb when he attempts to win the Grand National for the second year in a row when the race takes place on Saturday.
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie is to fight for the first time since retiring as a footballer.
The RSPB has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags after a rare bird of prey was photographed in a Scottish loch.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead in a street in Manchester city centre.
Nottinghamshire has voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union, with less than a third of people voting to remain.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma returned to the top of Serie A with a comfortable win over Bologna at Stadio Olimpico.
The culture secretary has been cleared of any wrongdoing over a grant given to the organisers of the T in the Park festival by Audit Scotland.
Anthony Joshua has the "b brutish strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, says former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
The sudden death of Jayaram Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has left a vacuum in the country's political scene.
The remains of a man whose skeleton was found on a motorway lay undiscovered for up to three years have been identified by police.
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in an attack by Taliban militants on an Afghan army base, the defence ministry has said.
You can't win the Davis Cup as a one-man team, so it was great to see the whole team play their part and help Great Britain reach the semi-finals in Glasgow.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is not the first place you would expect to find people seeking asylum in Serbia.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on a top-four Premiership finish in his first season in charge of the Bairns.
A man has died after being found unconscious in the River Tawe in Truro.
Kilcoo produced a superb second-half display to beat 10-man Scotstown 1-12 to 0-11 and set up an Ulster SFC semi-final against Kilcar or Glenswilly.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins is hoping to secure a place in the Great Britain team for the 2016 Rio Olympics after missing out on a place at London 2012 because of a chest infection.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will step down at the end of this month, leaving Fine Gael MPs to choose his successor.
A second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned.
The US space company United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled plans for a new rocket that it says will be the world's most powerful and cost-effective.
The death of A$AP Fergie's brother-in-law has been confirmed as a drug-related accident.
Bristol Rovers manager Billy Saunders says striker Mame Biram Diouf has denied reports that he was seen in a nightclub hours before the club's most recent game.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by the prospect of facing favourites Maribor in their Europa League qualifier.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together for Europe in the fourballs for the second time in the Ryder Cup against the United States at Hazeltine on Saturday.
Rents for top-quality office space in Belfast are continuing to rise, but are still well below the UK average, according to new figures.
A year ago, the world's worst nuclear accident occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam while it was flying over Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips better than a human has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been trying to reassure world leaders that the UK is still a global player after the EU referendum.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads in the country.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says the International Cricket Council's (ICC) investigation into Tuesday's Test match against England was "unfair".
Google is to remove unskippable 30-second adverts from its YouTube video service, the BBC has learned.
Wales have recalled midfielders Jonny Chester, Chris Dummett and Chris Matthews for Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff.
A Christian-run bakery that refused to make a cake with a picture of the Prophet Muhammad on it has told a court that if they lose a legal case against a gay rights activist they could face legal action.
Athletics' world records could be wiped from the books under proposals being considered by European Athletics.
A man who was forced to work as a slave for £20 a day was allowed to live with the Connors family, Cardiff Crown Court has heard.
A 19-year-old woman has died in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Belfast city centre.
Rugby union's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time at a permanent home.
A woman has been appointed as the first female commanding officer at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst.
A jewellers in Teesside has been robbed in a raid that police believe is linked to a similar robbery in November.
Middlesex opener Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries on the opening day of their Division One match against Yorkshire at Lord's as the visitors struggled on day one.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was blinded in one eye when she was attacked by two teenage boys who pointed a laser pen at her in Edinburgh.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous" and "abhorrent" personality disorder, a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added fewer jobs in May than expected, as the economy continued to slow down in the first three months of the year.
Reading midfielder Paul McAnuff says he would like to extend his contract with the Championship club beyond the end of the season.
Hong Kong is the world's most active city, according to a study of smartphone activity data from more than 700,000 people.
NHS bosses in England are seeking to find a new provider to run the troubled NHS 111 health advice line, the BBC has learned.
Plans for a new £25m justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City chief executive Mehmet Dalman says Russell Slade is still the right man to lead the club despite the pressure on the manager.
The High Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) in a tax avoidance case against the retailer Next, which could see the firm pay more than £50m in back taxes.
Sleaford Mods, Banksy and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye are among the nominees for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
A pensioner who tried to stop the killer of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he is "over the moon" after being told he no longer has a brain tumour.
It could be over in hours - or it could take weeks.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Ulster Grand Prix (UGP) at Dundrod because of injury.
"I don't know what I'm going to do now."
The price of carbon permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros a tonne for the first time this year, as a huge oversupply of permits hit the market.
Ghana's government has fined a private company $1.5m (Â£1.1m; $1m) for overspending on a project to rebrand more than 100 buses with portraits of the president's predecessors.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in the recruitment of jihadists in Syria, the interior minister has said.
The Hillsborough disaster was the worst football disaster in England's history, with 96 people killed and more than 1,200 injured.
Tributes have been paid to the man who led the searches for the Disappeared, who has died after a long illness.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council.
The mother of a baby boy who had a plastic angel stuck in his oesophagus after he regurgitated food has said she has "completely lost faith in the NHS".
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos that included the word "Allah" written on her body.
A loggerhead turtle found washed up on a beach in the Lake District has died, an aquarium owner has said.
With England's 2016 season over, and the ICC Women's Championship coming to an end, Heather Knight reflects on the past 12 months.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens on a three-year deal.
Sheffield Wednesday defender Callum Wildsmith has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says he may need to "be patient" with striker Joe Cook after the striker turned down a new deal with the League Two club.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century gave Lancashire the upper hand against Hampshire on day three at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve if they are to become the number one team in the world after completing a 3-0 series win over Australia.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park giant panda, Ying Ying, is due to give birth to her first cub, zoo officials have confirmed.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest on Friday has risen to 39, officials say.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £3.6m in damages to the family of a baby girl who suffered severe brain damage after she was born without a heartbeat.
A nine-year-old boy should be placed in foster care after concerns were raised about the long-term future of his great-great-uncle, a judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend have lost an appeal against a ruling that police failed to protect her.
Facebook has been urged by a Belgian watchdog to do more to protect the privacy of its users after it accused the social network of "tramples on European and Belgian privacy laws".
ITV's Downton Abbey is to return for a sixth series, it has been announced.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he and Prime Minister Theresa May will "still be neighbours" after the general election despite reports of a rift in their working relationship.
Community Health Councils (CHCs) in Wales have said they want to become "the best kept secret" of the NHS in Wales.
Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's musical drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after just one season.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline every day last year with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £10m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by councillors.
Michael Phelps won the 200m individual medley for the second time in as many days as he returned to competition after a six-month ban at the USA Swimming National Championships.
Lyon's Ligue 1 match against Metz was abandoned after a firecracker was thrown from the stands at the Stade Velodrome in Paris and landed on the head of Lyon midfielder Luiz Felipe Lopes.
A man has been arrested after two men died when the car they were in crashed into a tree in Stoke-on-Trent.
Campaigner Margo MacDonald has launched a new bid to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Yankees has been played in the US city of Baltimore without fans for the first time since a black man died in police custody.
A growing number of countries around the world are legalising third gender or gender-fluid identities.
Voters in Switzerland will go to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal to end free movement of people.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after a two-vehicle crash in Herefordshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital, a Glasgow-based firm run by former Royal Navy officer David McColl, for an undisclosed sum.
A few miles from Ravenscraig steelworks in Port Talbot there is still a buzz about the place, as there was when I first arrived 25 years ago.
A man who was a close associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for six years for assaulting a teenage boy and his girlfriend.
Prison in England and Wales is turning into a "punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars", says the National Prison Trust.
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a petrol bomb was thrown at police in west Belfast.
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors of a powerful earthquake that hit the north-eastern province of Aceh on Wednesday, killing at least 20 people.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 3-12 to 0-12 in a thrilling Division Three game at Corrigan Park to keep their promotion hopes alive.
A French woman has become the first person to take legal action against the French government over air pollution in Paris, accusing it of failing to do enough to tackle the problem.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 in the quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to beat them 2-1 and reach the semi-finals.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for all people, whatever their sexuality.
Facebook has asked the High Court in Dublin to rule on a complaint by a German privacy activist that the social network "aids US spy agencies for mass surveillance".
Birmingham City captain Lee Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club, with manager Gary Rowett saying he can still offer "something on the pitch".
Firefighters have been called to dozens of homes in Dorset and Dorset in recent months after people used insecticides to control pests, Dorset Fire and Rescue Service has said.
Foresters in Poland say storms that killed at least six people and destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of forest are the worst in the country's history.
Further Education and Learning (DEL) Minister Stephen Farry has decided to use his department's budget to fund redundancies in the further education sector.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to five points with a 3-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
All original interview notes for four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry in the 1970s have gone missing, the BBC has learned.
Councils should be allowed to take on the running of failing academies, the body representing local authorities has said.
The benefits of the cholesterol-lowering drugs statins outweigh the risk of side effects, according to a major review of the available evidence.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission on board the International Space Station.
Romania won Olympic gold in the men's team epee for the first time with victory over defending champions China in Rio.
The prime minister has said she will consider scrapping the lower vehicle tax on diesel cars as part of plans to tackle air pollution.
Dundee manager Grant McCann is hoping to improve the club's recruitment system ahead of the new season.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, says he has no regrets over his decision to allow Russia to compete at the Rio Olympics despite the country's doping scandal.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83.
There are two camps in India - the optimistic and the pessimistic.
Tiger Woods says he is concerned about his fitness as he prepares for his return to competitive golf after a 15-month lay-off.
A woman has spoken of her shock after a man was shot in the leg outside her house in west Belfast.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand in connection with the Silk Road website, a dark web marketplace for illegal drugs that was shut down in 2013.
David Fox scored a late winner as League Two leaders Plymouth came from behind to beat League Two play-off hopefuls Mansfield.
The World Sevens Series returns to Paris this weekend for the final leg of the season, which will see England take on Spain in a bid to secure the title.
"I'm very proud to be the manger of this club, I've really enjoyed the season, and I've had great support from people like (director of football) George Craig, (chief executive) Leeann Dempster and (chairman Rod Petrie)."
A man has been found dead after a hang-gliding accident in East Sussex.
Cardiff City defender James Morrison says the Bluebirds need to learn lessons from their "devastating" late goals conceded this season.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team have the strength and power to match Germany when they meet at the Under-20 World Cup on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on seven senior Venezuelan officials over President Nicolas Maduro's plan to hold controversial elections for a new assembly to rewrite the constitution.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, amid growing tension between the two countries.
French police have evicted hundreds of Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on a railway line in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis.
Broadcaster Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save the world's longest running pier train and ferry service.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a lorry has launched a fundraising campaign to build a woodland survival centre in his memory.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd star Syd Barrett is to be created in his home city of Cambridge, his former art teacher has said.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has condemned comments made by Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte about the rape and murder of a female missionary.
Sir John Major has been accused of an "absolute dismissal" of democracy after he called for a second referendum on Brexit.
An exhibition of more than 100 photographs of Bristol taken at different times of the day and night has opened in the city.
The number of state and independent schools challenging GCSE and A-level exam results in England and Wales rose by more than a third in 2015, official figures show.
Boeing has reported lower-than-expected revenues and profits for the final three months of 2016, as demand for its military and commercial planes fell.
Coleraine rowers Michael Cassells and David Scrimgeour have won gold and silver medals at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Australia beat India by an innings and 95 runs to win the first Test in India and take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
Universities could offer full degrees online within five years, according to the head of one of the world's biggest online university platforms.
Jockey James Best won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Glorious Goodwood for the second year in a row.
Irish Travellers have been genetically isolated from the rest of the population in the Republic of Ireland for centuries, according to a new study.
Highland Council has said further work is to be carried out to stabilise a section of the A890 bypass in Argyll and Bute.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man and woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, as team-mates Tom Bishop and Philip Graves finished in the top three.
The Burrell Museum in Londonderry is to reopen to the public in 2020 as part of a £66m project to revamp the building.
An RSPB-led project to restore a river bend in Surrey has seen a rise in the number of salmon and trout.
Yemen's national airline, Yemenia, has been charged by French authorities over a plane that crashed in the Indian Ocean in March 2007, killing most of the passengers on board.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has said the Republican Party needs to change its image.
Women's Super League One side Orlando City have signed five-time world player of the year Marta for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has retained his Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election, as the SNP lost all but one of its seats in the capital.
Salford Red Devils have parted company with coach Jacques Frayssinous after a poor run of form.
Monaco's Prince Jacques has become the first member of the royal family to be born as a male, after his wife, Charlene, gave birth to twins, Gabriella and Jacques.
A new maternity clinic for women who have been raped or sexually assaulted is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital.
Northern Ireland sprinter Eilish Foster and Paralympic silver medallist Jason Smyth missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the 100m at the Commonwealth Games on the opening day of athletics action in Glasgow.
More than 20 people have been arrested following clashes between far-right protesters and counter-demonstrators in Maidstone.
Banks and accountants who help people evade tax could face financial penalties under plans proposed by Danny Alexander.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country's economy is in "crisis".
UKIP's only MP has said the party's national executive has the "authority" to decide whether Nigel Farage should take a break as leader.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum for £1.5m after it was saved from sale by administrators when the firm went into administration.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world, with an estimated population of more than 28 million.
The number of children in England and Wales being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, a charity has said.
Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a 15-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six cygnets have been killed and five injured after they were run over by a car in County Fermanagh.
A pub chain has agreed a deal to buy a Grade II-listed building in Carmarthenshire which was at the centre of a row over plans for a supermarket.
The prime minister's comments on the future of school sport in England have been met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, with syphilis and gonorrhoea the most common, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome missed out on the Vuelta a Espana title as he finished 32 seconds behind winner Gianni Meersman after a crash at the end of the race.
Comedian Jeremy Vine has offered advice to a 15-year-old boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of bullies in Romford, Essex, in a video posted on social media.
The potential for co-operative housing to help tackle the housing crisis in Wales is "great", according to a new report.
The operator of Scotland's busiest airfield says it is preparing for the highest amount of traffic it has ever seen for the summer.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has said it will cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a plan to cut costs and simplify its business.
Partick Thistle secured their place in the Scottish Premiership play-offs with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park.
The number of hours ambulances spent waiting to hand over patients at accident and emergency (A&E) departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past three years.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.
British conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 83.
A lion cub has been found in the cage of its mother, Dana, at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia after she was brought to the country from Turkey in a rescue operation.
George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans during a visit to Berlin later.
An Australian mining company has been found guilty of causing the collapse of a sacred Aboriginal site in the Northern Territory.
Shoppers in the UK are getting ready to spend thousands of pounds on Black Friday deals today.
A transgender woman in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu has won a legal battle to become a police officer, becoming the first in the country, reports say.
The inter-county U21 Football championship should be abolished, says GAA director general Jim Duffy in a new discussion paper.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A96 in Londonderry.
A US company has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic limb that can be fitted with a socket and hand in a matter of minutes.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the most intimidating stadiums in the world, and it will be no different when Manchester City play Real Madrid on Wednesday.
Former Wrexham striker Gary Morrell has been appointed first-team coach at the Racecourse following the departure of Paul Saunders.
"When I go to London, I like to splurge on clothes," says Michael DeLeon.
Civil servants should not be asked to man the UK's borders during a planned strike by public sector workers, a union has said.
Kenya's Conseslus Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz was beaten into third by compatriot Faith Kipyegon in Rio.
Police investigating the deaths of two men who were killed in an explosion at a digger manufacturer in Harford, County Down, believe there was a "flashover explosion" at the site.
The US and UK have called on the UN to suspend air drops of aid to besieged areas of Syria, saying they are the "last resort" to relieve human suffering.
People from working-class backgrounds are being "systematically locked out" of top jobs at the UK's elite firms, a report says.
League Two side Notts County have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Lewis Dunkley on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong for $100m (Â£65m) in damages over his use of performance-enhancing drugs.
A new group has been set up to help families in Northern Ireland affected by rare diseases.
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ordered that two girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in a park in a bid to please Slender Man should be tried as adults.
Work has begun on the final section of the Dakota Access oil pipeline after the US army gave the developer permission to complete the project, despite protests from Native American tribes.
As Hungary prepares to go to the polls on Sunday for parliamentary elections, the BBC's Ferenc Kumin looks out from his first-floor window in the Hungarian parliament onto a very different Hungary.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with the theft of £50,000 worth of frozen fish from a Torfaen factory.
A Danish prince who was pulled from the surf on Australia's Gold Coast might have died if he had not been rescued by a lifeguard, local media report.
On BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Boris Johnson said: "If you want to buy a bunch of five bananas, you have to buy them in bunches of two or three."
When Surjit Singh Kohli was a 15-year-old engineering student, his teacher told him he would never be able to build India's first humanoid robot.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has denied that more than 100 of its fighters gathered in one place for an attack after a US air strike on its training camp.
A World War Two battle window at a Cardiff church is in danger of falling down because of damage.
A man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into a row of gardens.
Primary school pupils in England are to be tested on their times tables for the first time, the government has announced.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing while mimicking Islamic prayers.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to challenge the government's planned closure of the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenue for the six months to the end of September, helped by growth in emerging markets and North America.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro, officials say.
Airbus has cut the number of A380 aircraft it plans to build this year and next as it continues to struggle with engine problems.
One of the UK's leading business figures has said she would "definitely" vote for the UK to leave the European Union if the country votes to leave.
An illegal high-rise building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai, killing at least 20 people, police say.
The world's biggest fund manager, BlackRock, is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive, according to reports.
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer grew up in the south-east of England.
Russia says there are "no criteria" for its athletics federation to be reinstated into the sport.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using another person's ashes in a ceremony to cover up a mix-up at a crematorium.
The BBC's annual defence of its position as a publicly-funded news and cultural organisation is due to be delivered at the University of Edinburgh later.
The Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet junior doctors' leaders this week in a bid to resolve a dispute over new contracts, the BBC has learned.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's winless run in the Scottish Premiership stretched to 12 games as Hamilton Academical claimed their first league win of the season.
A £15m fund to boost culture in the north of England has been announced as part of the government's so-called Northern Powerhouse.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam singles title while pregnant with her second child.
Police in Italy and the US have arrested 18 people in a series of raids targeting organised crime bosses in New York and Italy.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law aimed at giving more power to the country's white minority population.
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches in Scotland has come into force.
An 83-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £18,000 for a phone line to her home.
Alex Salmond has been one of Scotland's most successful political leaders for more than two decades.
Tommy Hilfiger has distanced himself from comments he made about model Gigi Hadid, in which he appeared to suggest she was not thin enough.
The family of US radio star Casey Kasem have filed a lawsuit against his former wife, accusing her of abusing him before and after his death.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after he was arrested for trying to smuggle himself back into the country during a match against Wales.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $2bn (Â£1.8bn) from the country's treasury during his time in power.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to offer a unilateral guarantee on the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit, saying it was the "morally right thing to do".
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership as they overcame 10-man Kilmarnock, despite having defender Paolo Pascali sent off in the first half.
Ten-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle's relegation fears deepened as they were thrashed by 10-man St Johnstone.
England are through to the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series after beating Fiji and Wales on Saturday.
Google has added a new system to its Captcha checks on websites, which no longer require people to complete puzzles to prove they are real.
Paralympic champion Jason Smyth says he is still aiming to qualify for the 2016 Rio Paralympics despite missing out on a place at the 2012 Games.
Irish Gypsies who caused "lots of damage" at a birthday party at a golf club by decorating cakes decorated like Disney princesses, police have said.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from MPs on the Welsh affairs select committee during his first appearance before the committee.
The Belfast-based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold for an undisclosed sum to a group of investors in the Republic of Ireland.
A 17-year-old boy from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack, police have said.
A Russian military jet has crashed in Syria, killing at least one of its crew, after being shot down by Turkish jets, Russian officials say.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a foot injury.
Tracey Harrington's Our Duke won the Champion Hurdle at Punchestown for the second year in a row as she became the first female jockey to win the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed wedi bod yn rhan ganolog o'r tîm hyfforddi wrth i Gymru lwyddo i gyrraedd rownd gynderfynol cystadleuaeth ryngwlad
NHS trusts in England have been rated as "outstanding" and "poor" after a series of measures aimed at improving safety and openness in the health service.
A disabled man has been attacked with a blunt object in a "vicious attack" during a burglary at his home in Inverness.
A man has died after the car he was driving left the road and hit a tree in Surrey.
Iranians have been reacting with anger and frustration to revelations about the high salaries being paid to senior officials in the public sector.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have issued a warning to tourists after a bison calf was abandoned by a group of people who tried to rescue it.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.8% in the year to March, the fastest rise since the introduction of stamp duty in April, official figures show.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are to be "driven into poverty" under plans to change their contracts, a union has said.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davis on a two-year contract.
Tommy Veronelli has left his role as coach of British number two Heather Watson after less than two years in the role.
The collapse of the ceasefire in Syria has been widely seen as a setback for a deal negotiated between the US and Russia to end the conflict in the country.
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that his country needs him "very, very badly", during a visit to Ottawa.
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two-year deal with the Premier League club.
"When I started my business 20 years ago, you were not considered an entrepreneur," says Elizabeth Terry, sitting in a salon in Kenya's capital, Nairobi.
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year-old boy should have been more curious about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire's Sherwood Forest will be "catastrophic" for the area's wildlife, campaigners have said.
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W. Bush to the man who helped organise their historic summit in Hamburg in 1994 is to be sold at auction.
A sculpture of a Hindu goddess thought to have been stolen from an Indian temple has been returned to Singapore after a US museum bought it from a New York art dealer.
Hundreds of commuters have been treated to a luxury train service from Kent to London on what is thought to be the first such service in the UK in more than a century.
Former world number one Luke Donald says he considered retiring from golf because he could not see "much light at the end of the tunnel" in his career.
In the middle of a swampside village in Camaguey province, Cuba, in the early 1930s, a ship set sail from Jacksonville, Florida on a secret mission.
Elections for councils in England and Wales will be held on 5 May 2013.
The number of new cases of dementia in the UK has fallen in men over the past two decades, according to new research.
The Isle of Wight Council is to appeal against a court ruling that cleared a father of breaking the law by taking his daughter on holiday in term time.
Tributes have been paid to a Swansea man who has died at the age of 91 after a long illness.
Hundreds of people in Germany have attended the funeral of a German woman who was killed fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Theresa May has set out her vision for a "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country" as she launched her bid to become prime minister in a speech to the Conservative Party conference.
A man has been charged with killing a referee in the US state of Michigan after allegedly punching him in the head during a high school football game.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot and killed in the US state of Ohio in what police are calling a "senseless and brutal act of violence".
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise an 18-year-old man after befriending him following the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist in India has been arrested for allegedly fabricating an article that claimed the government had banned Muslims from teaching yoga, police say.
UK scientists have measured for the first time the effect of the tides on the surface of Loch Ness.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men killed in the Shoreham air disaster has been delayed.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £200,000 by blowing up cash machines in a series of raids in Aberdeenshire.
Australia's most senior Catholic bishop has accused the Vatican of "destroying" the unity of the Australian Catholic Church by failing to condemn child sex abuse.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts will always have a home at the club if he decides to leave Manchester City for French Ligue 1 side Nice this summer.
An engineer who built an insect-like robot that can walk on its own legs has said he hopes it will inspire others to build their own.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a survey by a business group.
Pope Francis is about to embark on his first trip to Africa, where he is expected to deliver a message of peace and hope to the poor and the dispossessed.
The head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he was "politically responsible" for Luxembourg's tax arrangements when he was prime minister.
Scotland's Laura Muir set a new Scottish 1500m record as she won her first race of the season in the Stockholm Diamond League in Sweden.
Lukas Jutkiewicz came off the bench to rescue a draw for Birmingham City against Newcastle United in an FA Cup third-round replay at St James' Park.
Mark Cavendish says Team GB were "a victim of their own success" after they missed out on a first Olympic road race gold medal as Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won the men's individual time trial in London.
It's been 19 years since All Saints broke up, but the band are back on the road for a comeback - and, as they tell the BBC, it was a difficult time to be a woman in the male-dominated music industry.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on the chance to win the ATP World Tour Finals doubles title for the first time as they lost in the semi-finals.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island's beaches in the wake of Storm Desmond.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
When Roger Goodell steps down as NFL commissioner at the end of the season, it will be a fitting end to what has been an eventful year for the sport in the United States.
A nurse who secretly filmed himself raping women who were in hospital and volunteering at a music festival has been jailed for 12 years.
Ballyliffin is to host next year's Irish Open after the European Tour confirmed that the event will return to the County Donegal venue for the first time in 2020.
Jack Leaning's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Lancashire on day two of their Roses match at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk in a bid to help farmers hit by falling prices.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for the way it told customers their printers would no longer work if they used unofficial ink cartridges.
Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team, has lost a court case against his estranged wife over the sale of the team.
A primary school has been forced to close for the weekend after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with norovirus.
The assembly's presiding officer has launched a campaign to encourage more people to register to vote ahead of May's elections.
Shares in Royal Dutch Shell have fallen sharply after the company announced plans to resume drilling for oil in the Arctic for the first time in two years.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox as the killer of the MP for Batley and Spen has been found guilty of her murder.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce" response to stone-throwing after the death of an Israeli man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to decide whether to refer a controversial new abortion bill to the country's highest court.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to hand back their pagers in a bid to save the station.
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century on the opening day of the County Championship season against Gloucestershire at The Oval.
Chinese investment group Fosun International have completed the takeover of Championship club Wolves.
Bees and birds that build their nests early in the year are more likely to survive than those that build them later, a study suggests.
Britain's traditional qualities of "fair play, civility, and a sense of humour in adversity" remain as precious as they have always been, the Prince of Wales has told cadets passing out at Sandhurst.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal.
The US has closed its embassy in Yemen, warning that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is still a threat to the US and its allies.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has urged his team-mates to build a winning habit and end the Six Nations on a high.
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland could have been affected by the Troubles in Northern Ireland, a government report has suggested.
"Rodrigo was nurturing the dream of being a professional footballer," says an outreach worker who first met the 14-year-old Rodrigo Kelton while he was living on the streets of Fortaleza.
A man who was arrested after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA, known as "pink champagne", may have taken a synthetic cannabinoid, Greater Manchester Police have said.
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, saying he will "never forget her".
More than 10,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 20 years under plans to build 1,090 new homes a year.
A UK-based radio station that was the first to broadcast from Zimbabwe after the country's long-running political crisis has shut down.
Mental health providers in England say they have seen little of an extra £143m promised for children's mental health services in the past year.
The uncle of one of the UK's Eurovision hopefuls has said his nephew is "putting his town on the map internationally" as he prepares to sing in the final of the contest.
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos half-back Ryan Hood on a two-year deal from next season.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again, when many of you are looking for ways to get fit and active.
The BBC's Women of Africa season is celebrating the achievements of some of Africa's most powerful women.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the White House says.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes scored a half-century and took two late wickets as his side beat India by three wickets in the third one-day international in Mumbai to win the series.
Northamptonshire Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found in a house.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its human rights obligations by failing to fund investigations into killings by security forces in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
On this week's Disability Works, we look at how technology is changing the way we all interact with computers.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two brothers from West Yorkshire who are believed to have travelled to Syria.
Great Britain's Nick Scott missed out on a second gold medal at the World Cup regatta in Spain as he finished second in the RS:X windsurfing event.
Hundreds of servicemen and women from the Royal Navy have taken part in a parade in Yeovil to mark the 70th anniversary of the freedom of the town.
A man whose car was stolen has said he has been told by police there is "very little chance" he will be caught.
Malaysian socialite and philanthropist Khong Tiong Siong Lai is known for feeding the hungry.
Nigeria's education system has been badly damaged by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, but there is a growing belief that reforms are needed to improve the quality of education for both boys and girls.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning for the cities of Istanbul and Antalya, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council for the first time in more than a decade.
Two people have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan was a "manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence", according to a report by an independent panel set up by the government.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down in June after four years in charge of English football.
NatWest and RBS have warned their business customers that they could charge interest on their money in the event of the Bank of England cutting interest rates below 0.25%.
The government's plans to relax Sunday trading rules in England and Wales have been defeated in the House of Commons in an embarrassing defeat for Chancellor George Osborne.
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and win the best-of-seven NBA Finals.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady is relishing the chance to return to the home of his former club Liverpool for the first time since he was released by the Reds in 2014.
A bar in County Londonderry has been fined £5,000 after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a fish he won at a fair.
Albania have been given a one-match ban by Uefa after their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia was abandoned because of crowd trouble.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced that it has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest energy company.
Newport County were beaten 2-0 by Barry Town in their final pre-season friendly as Wrexham beat Altrincham in the National League.
Pakistan have been given the go-ahead to play in the World Twenty20 after the Indian government agreed to allow the team to tour the country.
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side's "lack of desire" after they were held to a draw by Barnsley.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has vowed to restore peace and unite the country after the Senate voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient Chinese legend about a great flood that dates back more than 1,000 years has been linked to one of the largest floods on Earth, according to new research.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising alternative medicine without a doctor's licence after allegedly posing as a naturopathy doctor.
Rafael Nadal is one of the best tennis players in the world.
The number of skiers and snowboarders in Scotland during the 2014-15 snowsports season was the lowest on record, according to industry figures.
Two police officers have been found guilty of conspiring to steal drugs worth more than Â£20,000 from a consignment destined for Birmingham.
Lancashire are "far from safe" from relegation from Division One of the County Championship, according to head coach Ashley Giles.
A "damaged and dangerous" killer who raped and robbed a woman in a Leicester park has been jailed for a second time.
Cornwall director of rugby David Dawe says the future of the County Championship final at Twickenham is in the hands of the governing body.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has surprised students at the University of Texas at Austin by offering to drive them home at night.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over their state-owned homes and vehicles after they leave office.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for saying African-American communities in the US are "in the worst shape they've ever been in before".
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 67.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the coast of Invergordon.
An attempt by Northern Ireland's attorney general to refer a gay rights case against a Belfast bakery to the Supreme Court has been rejected by the Court of Appeal.
The Labour Party has defended its decision to bar 121,000 people from registering to vote in the general election amid claims of "potential Tory infiltration".
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight after refusing to give up his seat have said they are "horrified and shocked" by the incident.
The killing of an Aberdeen man by the UK military in Syria was "extra-judicial killing", Labour MP Harriet Harman has said.
An amateur boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to a report commissioned by the Welsh government and Sports Wales.
Three schools in Edinburgh have been closed for the second time in a week due to concerns over safety.
A German woman who suffered a pulmonary embolism after taking Bayer's Yasminelle contraceptive pill is suing the drugmaker for failing to warn women of the dangers of blood clots.
Passengers at one of London's busiest Tube stations are being asked to stand on both sides of an escalator as part of a trial to reduce queues.
Mesothelioma victims who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation under a new scheme, the government has announced.
A nurse who injected her elderly mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act.
Betty Churcher, the former director of Australia's national art gallery, has died at the age of 86.
Moody's, one of the three main credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime, including leader Pol Pot, have gone on trial in Phnom Penh for war crimes and genocide.
Author Richard Branson, best known for his 1970s magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife Julie Clarke Neville has said.
Bristol City duo Jake Bidwell and Kodi Nikolic have agreed to play for Guernsey for a month.
There is "no threat whatsoever" to "hard working Polish, Hungarian and other EU citizens" working in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found in a pet store's warehouse.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered £1,000 to repair the damage.
The Home Office has asked the owners of takeaway restaurants in the Isle of Wight to hand over the details of more than 100 workers accused of working in the UK illegally.
Sebastian Vettel beat Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber to win the Malaysian Grand Prix in an intense battle between the two Red Bull drivers.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight Police has been named as Caroline Pinkney.
Belfast bantamweight Conor O'Shea has won Ireland's first gold medal at the European Championships in Kiev after beating Andrey Gadzhimagomedov in the semi-finals of the men's flyweight division.
Scott Brewster's rink have booked their place at next month's European Curling Championships at Braehead after beating Dave Murdoch and Eve Muirhead's team in the final of the Scottish Open.
Donegal will take on Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park for the second time this season.
As the campaign for the UK to stay in or leave the EU continues, BBC News takes a look at some of the key questions surrounding the forthcoming referendum.
The House of Commons has paid tribute to the late TV composer Bill Perry by referring to his Dad's Army catchphrases in the wake of his death.
Derby County striker Darren Bent has urged his team-mates to go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence" after his first goal in more than three months.
It's been another busy week in the entertainment world, with the Baftas, Grammys and New York Fashion Week all taking place at the same time.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to eight games as they were held to a draw by Ross County at Firhill.
Artillery fire has been heard in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, as pro-Russian rebels try to block a Russian aid convoy heading for the border with Ukraine.
A pair of Roman mosaics found during an archaeological dig are to be turned into a tourist attraction, it has been confirmed.
The idea that the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to increase benefits and old age pensions is the most popular policy statement among Scots, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
Nigeria's agriculture minister, Akinwunmi Adesina, is to receive this year's World Food Prize for his work to improve food security in Africa.
A firearms officer has been reprimanded for carrying a gun in public while on duty after he was spotted by a member of the public.
The El Nino weather event is expected to be among the strongest on record in 2016, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned.
Scientists in the US say they have successfully grown a kidney from a rat's own cells, in the first step towards regenerative medicine.
Apple has been ordered by a US court to pay more than $1bn (Â£700m) in damages for allegedly infringing a university's patent.
Steam trains are returning to a railway line in Cumbria for the first time in more than 20 years.
The Couch to 5K Challenge is back - and if you want to start running for the first time, you can do it with the help of some of the world's best-known sports stars.
Plans for a new national marine centre for Scotland have been unveiled by a conservation charity.
Passport checks on people leaving the UK have been introduced for the first time, replacing the Advance Passenger Information system.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle has confirmed she will retire from gymnastics after winning her first Olympic bronze medal at London 2012.
Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Ben Pearce for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public, with Madness singer Graham McPherson saying it is a "privilege" to have been involved in its restoration.
An Australian woman has been jailed for life for the murder of her ex-wife, who was stabbed to death by her boyfriend during a siege in Sydney.
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs he was "shocked and saddened" by a £1m pay-off given to the corporation's former deputy director general.
Hamilton Academical missed the chance to move into the Premiership's top six as they were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his players' attitude after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland in Cardiff.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead after leaving a pub in Greater Manchester.
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson says he is not ready to manage at the top level despite being linked with the vacant managerial role at Ibrox.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day after allegedly making obscene gestures at a female colleague during a heated debate in the Senate.
Australia has asked Israel to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Palestinian militant in Dubai.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to 10 years in prison for fraud and tax evasion.
Police in Papua New Guinea have launched a major operation to recapture more than 60 prisoners who escaped from a prison in the north of the country.
England completed their Women's Six Nations Grand Slam with a comfortable victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least nine people have been killed and at least 15 injured in a bomb attack in a border town in north-eastern Lebanon, officials say.
The Brownie and Guide oath has been changed to remove the reference to God from the oath for the first time in more than 100 years.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at one of the UK's busiest ports has more than doubled in the past two years, figures show.
Gibraltar is home to some of the world's most famous landmarks, including the Rock of Gibraltar and the Roman amphitheatre, but for many tourists it is just another tourist attraction.
Ex-I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here star Luke Wright is set to buy a stake in non-league Billericay Town, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Rochdale at Valley Parade.
A firm has been fined £20,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck in a Lincolnshire warehouse, leaving him with a broken leg.
The Irish government has been accused of failing to meet basic human rights standards in its response to the economic crisis.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for a national education commission to be set up to improve standards in England's primary schools.
The ancestors of the Basque people are descended from early farmers who mixed with local hunter-gatherers, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released six players, including goalkeeper Scott McLaughlin, after their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a long time since we last had a new year, 2016.
A Welsh Labour minister has said he still supports Jeremy Corbyn, despite not being a fan of the party's UK leader.
A new sixth form college for Flintshire is set to open its doors for the first time.
Burnley have signed Stoke City striker Jon Walters for an undisclosed fee, thought to be about £10m.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, one of Latin America's best-known comedy actors, has died at the age of 83.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Kevin Duffy as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff while suffering from post-partum psychosis could have been saved, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United are set to complete the signing of Villarreal defender Eric Bailly as Jose Mourinho's first signing as manager.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has ordered special security measures across the country after Charlie Hebdo published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in its paper edition.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife, Magda, decided to start their own business in 2012, they had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
A new maze in London has been built in honour of Sherlock Holmes, and it's got a special guest.
The US government's request for Apple to help it investigate the San Bernardino shootings is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the UN has said.
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency in parts of the state following the spread of blue-green algae in rivers and beaches.
Broadchurch will not return for any further series, the show's creator has confirmed, ahead of its final episode.
A rollercoaster ride at Alton Towers is to reopen to the public next month, six months after a crash on the attraction left five people injured.
The Ospreys are to review their coaching structure following the departure of head coach Steve Johnson, according to director of rugby Mark Hore.
Taulupe Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester made it two wins out of two with a bonus-point victory over Benetton Treviso.
Clermont Auvergne scrum-half Yoann Abendanon says he has changed his mind about playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy on domestic players.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen for the first time in more than 30 years, according to a survey by a think tank.
Who do you think is the greatest boxer of all time - Rocky Marciano, Muhammad Ali, Lennox Lewis or Muhammad Ali?
The City of London's special representative to the EU has described France's approach to Brexit negotiations as the "worst I have had anywhere in the EU".
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill first took charge of the team at the last European Championship, German fans had to Google his name to find out who he was.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored their first goals of the season as Leeds United beat Championship strugglers Burton Albion at Elland Road.
Nottinghamshire's Alex Hales hit a stunning 30-ball century as his side set a new T20 Blast record for the fastest ever Powerplay score against Durham.
A man has spent his life savings to pay for a terminally-ill Yemeni girl to be treated in France for a rare form of leukaemia.
Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles has warned his side they are not a "better side" than they were in their One-Day Cup defeat by Worcestershire.
A lifeboat station in the Channel Islands has been temporarily taken over by volunteers after a row over the sacking of a coxswain.
The fossilised remains of 20 dinosaur embryos, found in China, have shed light on the early stages of their development.
Northern Ireland Under-21s beat Spain 1-0 in their Euro 2016 warm-up match to qualify for the tournament for the first time.
An NHS trust has apologised "unreservedly" after a report into the deaths of more than 100 people at a hospital in Lancashire found it had missed opportunities to spot and treat serious incidents.
A campaign manager for US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a Florida event.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has long been known for its offroad prowess, but for the past few years it has been struggling to find a successor to its iconic Defender offroad vehicle.
A mother accused of the manslaughter of her two-year-old son has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs to check on him the day he died in a bath.
Five people have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to fraudulently win a council by-election.
The Dismaland exhibition which attracted more than 150,000 visitors is to be taken to a migrant camp in France after organisers decided not to send it to the UK.
Rafael Nadal's Real Madrid team have condemned "unjustifiable and unacceptable" comments made by a former French government minister about the world number one tennis player.
A US aircraft carrier strike group ordered by President Donald Trump to head to North Korea has failed to arrive in the region, the US military has said.
A father and son accused of murdering a man in County Fermanagh have been remanded in custody in connection with the murder of another man in the Republic of Ireland.
Some police stations in Bedfordshire could be closed and replaced with facilities in public areas such as supermarkets, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said.
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Italian Open in Rome with a 6-4 6-3 6-2 victory.
Plans to build a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have moved a step closer after councillors agreed to fund a traffic study.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo for an undisclosed fee from Sporting Lisbon, subject to international clearance.
The Great North Run is one of the world's biggest running events, attracting more than 100,000 competitors from around the world.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was the subject of a bid from League Two side Crewe Alexandra last season, according to the club's director of football Les Collins.
Sri Lanka's former defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of Colombo last year.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended an election campaign ad that has caused controversy after it was released in the wake of the Orlando shooting in the US.
NHS bosses in England have agreed to change the way drugs are recommended for use in the NHS in a bid to save money.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford at Valley Parade and move into the League One play-off places.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty and are turning to food banks, according to a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex's England fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Stourbridge manager Paul Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One Northampton Town was "one of the greatest nights" in the club's history.
Lyon and Besiktas were forced to play their Europa League first-round tie on the pitch after crowd trouble marred the start of the match in Lyon.
As many as 2.5 million UK savers may not be protected by a scheme which protects savings of up to £1m, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman from Norwich City on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Carlisle United and Dundee United midfielder Prince Buaben.
Wales Under-20s secured their first win of the World Rugby U20 Championship with a hard-fought victory over Italy in Cardiff.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a Dublin man 17 years ago have begun a search for his body.
Boreham Wood have been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Premier League to improve their Hive ground.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour for the national rugby union team.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for next season.
Ed Miliband has told business leaders that they would be "devastated" if Britain were to leave the European Union.
Leicester Tigers' Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-final win over Saracens on Saturday can be the " catalyst" for them to challenge for a top-four Premiership finish this season, says forwards coach Shaun Murphy.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Three brothers have been jailed for a total of eight years after they admitted drugs offences relating to the seizure of cocaine with an estimated street value of more than £1m.
The British teenager dubbed the "teenage coder who made millions" after developing a news-summarisation app for Yahoo has revealed he is considering a career change.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is available for the first time since suffering a hamstring injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace on Boxing Day.
The Queen has been praised for her Norfolk accent as she prepares to celebrate her 90th birthday, her cousin has said.
A man has handed himself in to police after an armed siege at a Royal Bank of Scotland in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
David Scott has resigned as British swimming's performance director following a review into the country's performance at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling won gold in the men's 100m butterfly as Michael Phelps missed out on a record-equalling 23rd gold medal of the Rio Olympics.
A six-year-old boy has applied to be the Football Association's next England football manager.
The Dangerous Dogs Act needs a "complete review" following the death of a toddler who was mauled to death by a dog which was not banned under the law, an MP has said.
Former world champion Mark Davis suffered a 10-2 defeat by England's Mark Selby in the first round of the World Championship qualifiers in Sheffield.
A man in his 20s has been seriously injured in an attack by a gang of men in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff on the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in an electric chair.
The owners of an animalarium in Powys have been fined more than £1,000 after six endangered animals were found on display.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has confirmed the death of Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of its most senior media leaders.
A man has been jailed for killing his partner by punching her on a platform at a Dorset railway station.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a bus depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as Jim Baker.
Williams are interested in signing Valtteri Bottas as Jenson Button's replacement if the Finn leaves Ferrari next season, BBC Sport understands.
Oscar-winning actor Roger Moore has said he was "never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred'" when he was asked to replace Sean Connery as James Bond.
Thousands of elderly people are facing "deeply concerning" delays in getting the care they need, according to a charity.
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares across the UK as part of a national atlas of mammals.
Four people have admitted fraudulently selling hundreds of sick and abandoned puppies as home-reared pets for thousands of pounds.
Four British men have appeared in court charged with international terrorism offences as part of an investigation into a suspected jihadist network.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK, offering traditional pay-TV channels for the first time.
The UK's Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted a ban on discount hotel room deals, following an investigation into online travel agents.
(Close): London's benchmark FTSE 100 share index closed lower, with shares in Old Mutual falling sharply after its half-year results missed expectations.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100 for the second year running.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have six months to find a new home for 2016 after failing to secure a new lease for their Headingley ground, says chief executive Gary Carter.
Prince William has said he does not "lie awake at night waiting to be king", saying he takes his royal duties "very seriously".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is "sorry" the 'deflate-gate' scandal has affected the sport after being cleared to play in the NFL.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) on the New York Stock Exchange.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and asked her to "bend over" a photocopier has been suspended for six months for gross misconduct.
A council has been accused of being "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre which could cost up to Â£8m to repair.
The body of the Russian ambassador to Greece has been found in his Athens apartment, Greek police say.
Renault has told Formula 1 authorities it will not supply engine power to the Lotus team next year and is considering its future in the sport.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group should be set up to discuss the future of the BBC's headquarters in the city centre.
A man and his dog have been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester while searching for their pet.
Thieves have targeted an industrial estate in Wolverhampton for the second time in a week, stealing more than £100,000 worth of machinery.
An Indian police officer's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has sparked a debate on social media.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special in November, the BBC has announced.
The UK is to extend its free trade deal with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman has become the first person to complete the Great North Run in a robotic exoskeleton.
At least six people have been killed in an attack on the headquarters of Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security (NDS) in the diplomatic area of Kabul, officials say.
Rising property prices in China have forced many young people to move out of their parents' homes in a bid to buy their own.
Two more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his Nottinghamshire home five years ago.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma should step down, the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has said in a statement, saying the country's democracy is under threat.
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes in public toilets in Wales has been announced by the Welsh government.
Liverpool will not sell Raheem Sterling if the club's owners do not want to, says manager Brendan Rodgers.
The number of people over the age of 65 in the world is on the rise, according to the World Health Organization.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices and gains in the financial sector.
Great Britain will host the blind and visually-impaired judo European Championships for the first time in five years in May.
A new NHS trust run by Staffordshire's County Hospital has been told it must address high waiting times in its emergency department.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is "disappointed" by the Rugby Football Union's decision to replace him with Gregor Townsend as head coach.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop sharing users' data with its parent company WhatsApp.
Matthew Perry will not appear on a Friends reunion special later this year, according to reports.
Wales have been praised for their "fantastic performance" in the Euro 2016 tournament after they were knocked out of the tournament in the semi-finals.
Members of the Muslim community are being invited to visit mosques across the UK to "de-mystify what Islam, Muslims and mosques are all about".
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he is "absolutely committed" to the club despite speculation linking him with the England manager's job.
A UK vote to leave the European Union would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy, the leaders of the world's biggest economies have warned, including IMF chief Christine Lagarde.
A former soldier who was awarded the Prince of Wales's bravery medal for his actions during the Iraq war has been left with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
The US Secret Service is investigating comments made by Donald Trump that gun rights supporters could stop Hillary Clinton from becoming president.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign against the Liberal Democrats over their record on tuition fees.
The UK's new anti-trafficking commissioner has said he is "very concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
Sitting for too long and not doing enough exercise may slow the rate at which people's cells age, a study suggests.
Police in Turkey have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in Istanbul and in the southern city of Izmir, where at least two people have been killed in clashes.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose at their slowest annual rate in four years in the third quarter of this year, according to official figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to the author Neil Harris.
An MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with raping a woman at the Houses of Parliament.
A fire has broken out at a school where GCSE students were waiting to collect their exam results.
Worcester Warriors full-back Stuart Hogg says the club need to get used to playing on a 4G pitch when they return to Sixways next season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the UK's general election on 8 June.
A hospital in Los Angeles has paid hackers $17,000 (Â£11,000) to unlock a computer virus that had locked its systems and forced staff to work from home.
British Eventing rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital after she was seriously injured in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered in Syria has said he has no hatred for young people radicalised by extremism.
A Commons committee is to be set up to examine the future of the job of clerk of the House of Commons, former chief secretary to the Treasury Jack Straw has said.
The daughter of a woman who was the first baby to be born on an air ambulance has become a cabin crew attendant with Loganair.
Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of being "out of touch" for comparing the death of Osama Bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks.
Actress Angelina Jolie is to direct and star in a film about Kenyan conservationist John Leakey, about his fight against elephant and rhino poaching.
The BBC has confirmed it's sold the rights to Family Guy to a US TV network.
Wreaths will be laid at five locations across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland by the prime minister.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the richest couple in the UK and Ireland, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Cannabis smuggler and author Howard Marks, who wrote the best-selling book Mr Nice, has died at the age of 67.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side were not serious about winning the County Championship title when they were beaten by Middlesex in their final match of the season.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney knew last month that he was going to have to balance the books for next year's budget.
Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood could be taken away from him, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte had a heated exchange of words on Saturday.
Alloa Athletic manager Alex Goodwin says he has benefitted from taking himself out of the playing side of the game to give himself the best chance of succeeding at the club.
Leicester City's decision to sack Claudio Ranieri as manager after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions has been described as "unbelievable, unforgivable and gut-wrenchingly sad".
An inquest into the death of a man who died of measles has been opened and adjourned after a post-mortem examination was inconclusive.
A neo-Nazi accused of plotting the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he "probably did agree" with the man who killed her.
MPs have voted to allow the government to trigger Article 50, the formal process of leaving the European Union, despite a Labour rebellion.
The government has "swallowed a line" in its response to concerns about changes to business rates in England and Wales, an MP has said.
Dover boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new one-year contract with the county, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2017 season.
Firefighters involved in the rescue of the victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash have described it as the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers".
South Africa's competition commission has accused some of the country's biggest banks of colluding to manipulate the rand against the US dollar.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional "in the near future" after missing out on a place in Team GB's Olympic boxing squad.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Neath Port Talbot since speed cameras went into operation, figures have shown.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £1m have been seized by police in County Londonderry.
Russia's Duma - the upper house of parliament - is to consider two bills that would allow Russia to take over a neighbouring state's territory and make it a "subject" of Russia.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to proud of" in Scotland's education system, despite a drop in the number of teachers.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Edinburgh after he dropped him off in the centre of the city.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition after police found them at his home.
The first unisex toilet to be built in China's capital, Beijing, will open later this month, officials say.
It's the kind of story that makes headlines in Britain when senior politicians are caught with their pants down in the corridors of power.
The International Space Station (ISS) is one of the most popular tourist attractions on Earth but it is also home to some of the world's most important scientific research projects.
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley says manager Pep Guardiola has been a key factor in their improvement in recent weeks.
Plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle have been approved by the Scottish government.
In Brilon, a small town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Angela Merkel has been dancing to the tune of a brass band at a rally organised by the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Russia's ambassador to Ukraine has accused the US of "interfering flagrantly and unilaterally" in the country's internal affairs, ahead of a meeting with President Vladimir Putin in Sochi.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the assembly can set minimum wages for agricultural workers in Wales, the Welsh government has said.
Liam Payne and Niall Horan have confirmed they're staying in One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred the controversial Safe Abortion Act to a constitutional review committee, the BBC has learned.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to foreign aid, saying it is "time to give it up".
Leyton Orient have signed Andreas Christensen from Fulham for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A former Miami Dolphins football player has been rescued after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
Northern Ireland's most senior police officer has said the failure to reach a deal between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn FÃ©in on the legacy of the past is a "bitter pill" for victims' families.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music.
British pair Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the Rogers Cup in Montreal, Canada.
Thailand's anti-corruption agency has charged former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that cost the state billions of dollars.
Ed Miliband has defended his "vanity stone" pledge stone, saying he wants to be the first politician in British politics for a generation to "under-promise and over-deliver".
Plans for a £50m shake-up of education in the Borders have been submitted to Scottish Borders Council.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his chicken impression and appearances on the Royal Variety Performance, has died at the age of 91.
Leyton Orient's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Crawley Town.
A 10-year-old boy with autism has had his world "turned upside down" after his iPad was stolen during a burglary at his home.
A fall in the value of the pound after the Brexit vote is likely to "crush consumer spending" and slow the UK economy this year and next, a think tank has warned.
A group of street vendors are taking people on guided tours of Edinburgh.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a legal bid for a judicial review.
Are you from Nepal and have you been affected by the earthquake that hit the country last year?
Critics have given The Dark Knight Rises, the latest Batman film, five star reviews, with one calling it "superhero filmmaking on an unprecedented scale".
National League side Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced, and it's full of female acts.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with mining stocks among the biggest fallers.
More than 4,000 athletes at the Rio Olympics had no record of drugs testing in 2016, according to a report into the anti-doping programme.
A suspicious package containing a white powder has been found at the Washington DC office of a Muslim rights group, prompting the evacuation of its headquarters.
Tributes have been paid to a mother-of-two who was strangled to death at a house in south-east London.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, the chairman of clothing firm Metersbonwe, has gone missing for several days.
The BBC has a reputation for being very good at keeping secrets.
An electronic prescribing system for medicines in Wales should be brought in as soon as possible, the Welsh Government has been told in a report by the Welsh Audit Office (WAO).
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after the postal service reported a fall in half-year profits and raised its cost-cutting target.
Plans for a new railway line in the Highlands have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
This week's edition of the German press is a plea for Britain to vote to stay in the European Union.
A nurse who posted "sexually explicit and degrading" messages on Facebook has been sacked for gross misconduct.
Nigeria's first ever musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has defended its treatment of musicians in a row with record labels over royalties, saying it is a "win-win" situation for musicians and content creators.
A woman has been conned out of more than £50,000 after her email account was hacked, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after the car she was driving hit a tree in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of one of the world's largest sauropods - the long-necked, tree-trunked giants of the Jurassic period.
Chile's foreign minister has called on the Venezuelan government to release a journalist who has been detained for more than a week in Caracas.
Dogs could be banned from beaches and play areas in Dumfries and Galloway under plans being considered by councillors.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans could be invited to the unveiling of a new memorial to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict.
Motorists are being urged to allow extra time for their journeys this weekend as millions of people head out for Easter getaways.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany in which the bus caught fire and burst into flames, police say.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England slumped to a crushing nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 at Old Trafford to lose the three-match series 2-1.
A memorial plaque has been unveiled in Wigan in memory of a teacher who was murdered by a student at her school.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will always work with Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood in the best interests of Scotland and Wales.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train guard in West Lothian.
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a former minister to death for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots.
Bangladeshi police have released the names of five of the men they believe to have carried out a deadly attack on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor is set to be allowed to use 8oz gloves in his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August.
An Australian court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors half-back Ben Flower has been banned for two games after being found guilty of dangerous play for an elbow to the head of St Helens' Ben Flower in their Super League game on Saturday.
Nasa, the US space agency, is hoping to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a sharp fall in fourth-quarter revenue, as investors digested the impact of its split into two separate companies.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 200 hostages from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-eastern Borno state.
Israel's Jerusalem planning committee has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Former Netherlands captain Patrick Kluivert scored on his return to the club as Ajax beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie for the first time since his father Patrick played for the club.
The number of house sales fell in June for the first time in more than a year, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club, but insists he wants to stay at the club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread.
Edinburgh is gearing up for its annual three-week arts festival, which begins on Sunday.
A 15-year-old boy who raped and sexually abused five girls has been jailed for six years.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank, which has been at the centre of a corruption scandal, is to be replaced.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new opinion poll.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to supporters of ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan has confirmed it is planning to move jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for the UK leaving the European Union.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford produced a superb long jump to win the men's long jump at the Great Manchester City Games, which took place in the wake of the Manchester Arena attack.
Babies and young children who are overweight are more likely to become obese because they are eating larger portions of food, research suggests.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has been dissolved after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) refused to accept the result of the assembly election.
A breast cancer patient who was denied a life-extending drug after being told she could not have it has said it was "barbaric" to be denied the treatment.
Tranmere moved up to third in the National League with a convincing win at Dover.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club have been ordered to pay compensation to a fan who accused them of defamatory comments on social media.
Britain's Chris Froome is on course to become the first man to win three Tour de France titles after winning stage 20, the penultimate stage of this year's race.
Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece, the Glasgow School of Art, is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Queen of the South have signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas on loan until the end of the season and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on a season-long loan.
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Ballymena man Michael McIlhagga.
A salvage team has begun an initial survey of the stricken drilling rig Deepwater Horizon as part of efforts to refloat it.
A collection of World War Two medals belonging to a 92-year-old man have been stolen during a burglary at his home.
The use of fireworks in back gardens is "rubbish" and should be banned, a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying to be the two leading candidates in the race for the party's presidential nomination.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in Bradford in the 1980s has made a complaint against five former bishops and the Archbishop of York.
Jockeys are "unhappy" about the prospect of racing on Good Friday for the first time next year, according to the president of the British Horseracing Authority.
More women should be appointed to public sector jobs and companies should be banned from bidding for public sector contracts in Wales, according to a new report.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal next season and will hold talks with his team-mates once they return from their pre-season tour of Australia.
A French jihadist who carried out the Paris attacks in November has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the BMW PGA Championship.
Ruweyda is a seven-year-old girl who can't speak at school.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from the wreck of a ship that sank in 1941 may not have been recorded in official records, it has been claimed.
A prehistoric encampment found near Stonehenge has been identified as the UK's earliest Mesolithic site, archaeologists have said.
The UK leaving the European Union would cost every household £850 a year in the short term, according to a new report by a think tank.
Wolves secured their place in the Championship play-offs with a hard-fought victory at Leeds, who missed out on a play-off place for the first time this season.
Actress Jennifer Lawrence has spoken out about her decision not to fight for more money when she was offered a role in the Sony Pictures film, American Hustle, because she "wanted to be liked".
A man who was seriously injured when a powerboat he was travelling in overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton has been released from hospital.
Glacial lakes are forming on one of the world's most famous glaciers, scientists have warned.
A look at some of the key stories of the week in sport:.
Pope Francis has pardoned the former butler of Pope Benedict XVI after he was found guilty of leaking confidential documents from the pontiff's office.
The stars of the new Star Trek film, Star Trek Beyond, have welcomed the revelation that Hikaru Sulu, the character played by George Takei in the latest film, is gay.
The results of Thursday's local and assembly elections have been announced, as well as the results of the London and Scottish elections.
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has defended the government's welfare reforms, insisting they are not intended to hurt or harm disabled people.
Eugene has defended its decision to be awarded the 2021 World Athletics Championships, saying it followed all IAAF rules.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign from the Conservative Party and force a by-election if the party backs a third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Kidderminster Harriers.
A new minister in Myanmar's new government has been forced to resign after he was caught with a fake degree.
An inquest into the death of a boy who was shot in the head with a rubber bullet by a soldier has been told there is a "significant risk" to the health of the man who fired it.
The BBC has scrapped its controversial chat show-style format for this year's Wimbledon highlights show.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of "several hundred thousand pounds" for repairs to a river wall which collapsed on to their house.
A County Armagh man who stole more than £110,000 from a law firm to take up a partnership has been jailed for six years.
Marcus Rashford's stoppage-time winner gave Manchester United their first Premier League win of the season and ended Hull City's 100% start to the season.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Judith Pomsel, who served as the Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels' secretary during World War Two, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" a Russian incursion into its airspace over Turkey on Saturday that it says led to the downing of a Turkish warplane.
Swansea City will pay for supporters' tickets for the final two games of the Premier League season if they are relegated from the Championship.
At least 40 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died of blood poisoning at an overcrowded London hospital has heard she should have been treated sooner.
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him for three months.
Curzon is to be honoured at this year's Bafta Film Awards for its "extraordinary contribution" to the British film industry.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 2-0 defeat by Barrow was their "toughest challenge to date" despite the loss.
Dominika Cibulkova and Angelique Kerber will meet in the final of the WTA Finals for the second year in a row after reaching the semi-finals in Singapore.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said councils should be allowed to sell off social housing in the most expensive areas of the UK to fund more affordable homes.
Guernsey beat Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games table tennis to win their first gold medal of the 2015 Games in Gotland.
(Close): The FTSE 250 index closed higher, with shares in Carillion leading the way after the construction firm said it had appointed EY to help with its strategic review.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The BBC should make a spin-off series of The Apprentice to showcase the success of previous winners, the show's host Lord Sugar has said.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery after his crash at the Japanese Grand Prix last year.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a Leeds park.
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion and fire at an oil pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A world champion boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Six churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants totalling more than £500,000 to carry out repairs.
At least seven people have been killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, reports say.
Great Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in a dramatic men's singles final to become the first Briton to win Olympic gold in tennis.
The BBC has been talking about a dog called Arthur, who is a rescue dog who was abandoned by his owner.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they arrived in Ottawa for their first official tour of the country.
Wales Air Ambulance is to carry new incubators on board its helicopters for the first time, the charity has announced.
A bald eagle has returned to its nest at a Perthshire nature reserve for the first time in more than 50 years.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a rape charity following her role as a rape counsellor in BBC One's Broadchurch.
For Volkswagen, the reaction to the revelations that it deliberately tried to game tests will be as vital in determining the long term damage to the company as the fact of the original offence.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure, the club have confirmed.
England's Luke Donald has been named as the new host of next year's British Masters at The Grove at Royal Troon.
Bristol City have held talks with former Watford defender Martin Olsson about a possible move to Ashton Gate, says head coach Lee Johnson.
Chris Rea was only eight years old when he was handed footage of Wolfgang Alexander von Trips' holiday films from 1957 to 1960 as he embarked on an F1 odyssey from a dusty museum's loft to the Monaco Grand Prix track where it all began.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US media report, in what is believed to be the first such attack in the country since 2010.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire drug dealer in a turf war has told a jury it was a "stupid idea" for him to approach his victim's car with a knife.
Plans to redevelop a former gay pub into flats have been given the go-ahead with a condition that it must be a lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBT) venue.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined three Irish boxers, Michael Conlan, Michael Donnelly and David Fowler, for betting on boxing events at the Rio 2016 Games.
One of David Cameron's most senior cabinet ministers has said he will campaign for the UK to leave the European Union in June's referendum.
For 70 years, my father has lived with the shame of what happened to his ship, HMS Hebe, during the evacuation of Dunkirk.
A head teacher at a Lincolnshire primary school has offered his staff a 'duvet day' to help tackle a shortage of teachers.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban his country's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games.
A Powys town's library is to be taken over by a secondary school in a bid to save £1m over the next three years.
A powerful earthquake has struck south-eastern Japan, hours after a powerful quake struck the same area on Thursday, causing extensive damage.
A man has died in a house fire in Greater Manchester.
A former County Londonderry and Lavey footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £500,000 from a quarry company.
A new community centre has opened in Llandaff, Carmarthenshire.
Nato has been accused by a leading human rights group of failing to properly investigate civilian deaths during its air campaign in Libya last year.
A symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled because of security concerns.
Plans for a "vertical pier" on the North Sea coast have been given the go-ahead by Teesside council.
Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Lisbon Half Marathon and set a new British record in the process.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has announced the resumption of talks on a political solution to the conflict in Syria, which he says will begin on Monday.
Great Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month, despite the loss of UK Sport funding.
A teenager has been released on bail after being arrested in connection with an incident in Londonderry in which a man was stabbed.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Pentagon over its refusal to allow women to serve in combat roles in the US military.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced last month that he was to step down from the papacy, it came as a surprise to many in the Catholic Church.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod yn rhaid i awdurdodau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gwe
An investigation has been launched into why the first fire engine to arrive at a blaze in Suffolk took more than 15 minutes to reach the scene.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take "a few risks" against New Zealand in Saturday's first Test in Auckland.
Cole Stockton's second-half strike gave Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover at Prenton Park as they moved into the National League play-off places.
Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers scored their first goals of the season as Grimsby ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have had to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi to collect the results of spoiled ballots, as the country's presidential and parliamentary elections continue to be delayed.
Russian police have carried out a series of raids on the homes of suspected members of Japan's Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Kenya's Mary Keitany Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's marathon as Bahrain's Lelisa Kirwa took silver.
A car that featured in the opening credits of the 1976 Likely Lads film has been reunited with its former owner for the first time in more than 40 years.
Britain's Jo Pavey won the women's 3,000m steeplechase at the World Championships in London at the age of 37 to become the oldest woman to win a major international title.
The former finance minister who resigned from the Stormont Executive over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has died.
Peter Morgan, who has been found guilty of murdering his lover Georgina Symonds, was a man with Asperger syndrome with a history of mental health problems, but his trial was dominated by his obsession with her.
A new type of cricket helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia's Phillip Hughes last year.
Mae dyn wedi cyfaddef ei chael yn euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth yng Nghymru
Millwall will face Barnsley in the League One play-off final at Wembley after coming from behind to draw with Bradford City in the second leg of their semi-final at The Den.
A fly-tipper has been fined after he dumped Â£10,000 worth of waste on the side of a road.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to tear away its own skin when attacked.
US tech giant Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $5bn (Â£3.5bn) fine in China after the country's anti-monopoly regulator ruled it broke the law.
Morocco's new coach Herve Renard, who led Zambia and Ivory Coast to the 2012 and 2014 Africa Cup of Nations titles, faces a tough task in qualifying for the 2017 finals.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the best left-back in the country for Scotland.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran's Do They Know It's Christmas? to the top spot.
More than a quarter of A-level students in England are not taking A-levels in schools in their local authority, according to new analysis.
EastEnders has been named best soap at the Inside Soap Awards, beating Emmerdale, EastEnders and Doctor Who to the prize for best soap.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £500,000 have been found in two buildings in Cardiff.
The deportation of a Bangor student is "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students (NUS) has said.
Police are investigating claims a Cardiff college may have colluded with prospective students deliberately to defraud the student finance system by falsifying academic records.
Canadian police have arrested a man accused of trying to smuggle drugs across the US-Canada border after he allegedly fired a gun at US border patrol agents and fled on foot.
A piece of rocket wreckage found washed up on the Isles of Scilly last month is to be destroyed by the US rocket company SpaceX, it has been confirmed.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, who was acquitted of murdering her six-year-old daughter in 2011, has said she is happy with her life after being released from prison.
The South Korean government has said North Korea has kept 70% of wages paid to its workers at a jointly run industrial zone in the North, in a row over the closure of the facility.
Manchester City have been fined £100,000 for failing to provide accurate information about players' training sessions to the Football Association.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with rape and child sexual exploitation offences.
More than a third of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas spending this year, according to a BBC survey.
England missed out on a place in the last 16 of Euro 2016 as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final Group B game under Roy Hodgson.
A student who lost her hand in a nightclub has said she is "devastated" she could not find it when she awoke the next day.
Pako Ayestaran has replaced Gary Neville as head coach of Valencia, saying he would not have taken the job if he had not agreed with his predecessor.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a "miraculous recovery", the RSPCA has said.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government workers, according to US officials.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age to 69, the country's central bank, the Bundesbank, has said.
Bath have signed two new players ahead of the 2016-17 Premiership season.
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the second stage of the Tour of Britain as Dutch rider Amy Pieters retained the overall lead.
A woman in her 60s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 in County Armagh on Saturday morning.
The shortlist for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Tuesday, with the show taking place in Leeds for the 60th time.
The Northern Ireland Executive's decision to appoint a new press secretary has been criticised by the Ulster Unionist Party and Traditional Unionist Voice.
Two youths suffered burns to their faces when a bonfire they were trying to extinguish caught fire in Larbert.
Tennis is one of the fastest-growing sports in the world, with the number of top players in the sport at an all-time high.
A search is under way for the remains of a Pembrokeshire village which was wiped out by storms more than 100 years ago.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
Last week, the Syrian army launched a major offensive against rebel-held areas in the north-east of the country.
England's Ian Poulter moved into a three-shot lead at the halfway stage of the BMW PGA Championship at Royal Troon after a weather-affected second round.
It's easy to see the media's frustration at the lack of political hustings as a reflection of the general election campaign as a whole.
Two Welsh cities are bidding to become the next UK City of Culture.
The UK government's stake in Lloyds Banking Group has fallen below 20% for the first time since the financial crisis.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in China's Zhejiang province, bringing torrential rain and strong winds as it continues to batter the country.
UK scientists have created a set of DNA-like molecules that mimic the functions of DNA and RNA in the lab.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at why Kenya is once again gripped by a political crisis.
Police in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 100 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days after his parents left him alone on a mountain road as a punishment has been found safe and well.
A soldier who carried the Olympic torch for the first time has been inundated with requests to become a friend on Facebook, despite not having a profile.
Northampton Town's Ayoze Toney says he has experienced homesickness during his loan spell at Newcastle United, but says he is adapting well to life in League Two.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug smuggling network that made more than $2bn (Â£1.5bn) in profits.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2016, according to a report from the World Economic Forum.
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in her home.
Iraqi forces have retaken control of Mosul's international airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, as part of an offensive to retake the city from the militants.
China's Fosun International has made a bid for the Portuguese healthcare firm ESS, which is being sold by the Espirito Santo family.
"It's like Darwin's theory that cancer survives through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Derby.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in their history after winning the Premiership and European Champions Cup last season, says captain Mike Barritt.
A millionaire from Exeter who was killed in Ukraine by his wife has been found guilty of murder, an inquest has heard.
All the papers report on the prospect of a Linfield v Celtic match at Windsor Park on the same day as the Twelfth of July parade.
Shakespeare is one of the most famous writers in the world, and many people believe that he wrote one of his most famous plays, Hamlet.
Scottish teacher Hannah Inglis has opened her left eye for the first time since she was seriously injured in an accident in Vietnam.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi llun o hysbyseb y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Nghymru ar ei thudalen Facebook ddydd Llun wedi cael ei ddile
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
Plans for a site for travellers' pitches in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
A court in Madrid has begun the trial of former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Dominique Rato and two former Bankia board members, including ex-Bankia boss Antonio Rato.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "very honoured and flattered" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
William "Plum" Smith, the former chairman of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), has died at the age of 83.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics, the sport's governing body has confirmed.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a "good partner" with Egypt and support the country's democracy, as she arrived in Cairo.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of an excavation at a water treatment works.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" Russia's reported deployment of cruise missiles to a Russian exclave in the Baltic region.
Wigan Warriors have signed half-back Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United were held to a draw by Newport County in League Two, despite being the better side in the second half.
A new system has been launched to give trainee doctors a first-hand experience of what it is like to work as a GP.
Keanu Reeves' new documentary looks at the transition from film to digital formats and the impact they have on the industry, with the help of a Who's Who of Hollywood film-makers.
A pigeon has been caught on camera "photobombing" a photographer at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino says he will not allow any of his players to live outside the club next season.
A former Hull City of Culture executive has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish retailer H&M is to open its first High Street store in London as part of a plan to launch a new fashion brand.
The winner of a competition to find the world's heaviest tomato will be decided by a series of tests on plants at a North Yorkshire flower show.
A children's TV channel has been nominated for three Bafta Children's Awards for its series Refugee and Horrible Histories for its Shakespeare special.
Sevilla won the La Liga title for the third year in a row as they beat Atletico Madrid in the final game of the season.
The Bank of England has published its five-year "stress test" for the UK's biggest banks, which will assess their ability to withstand a global economic crisis.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of defender Marquinhos from Roma for a fee that could rise to £25m.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with dangerous driving after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed in a fire at a bungalow in Aberdeenshire.
The mother of a British man accused of trying to shoot Donald Trump has said her son is "terrified" of his sentence after he pleaded guilty to a gun charge in the US.
One of the publishers of Apple's forthcoming news app has said he does not want to be bound by the terms of the deal it has struck with the firm.
Legislation is needed to deal with cyberbullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have died had he not taken it, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people, including young children and elderly residents, had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire was started deliberately, police have said.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the north-west of the country, days after a deadly attack on an airport by the Pakistani Taliban.
A US judge has ordered the White House and the Secret Service to release records of who has visited President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
These are some of the new species of animals and plants discovered in the Mekong delta in South East Asia last year.
A man who carried out a "terrifying" sex attack on a woman in a Kent street has been jailed for six years.
Scientists say they have found a way to hack the nerves of the body and use them to treat diseases such as diabetes.
A motorcyclist has died and a nine-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash with a car in east London.
Police have launched a major search operation for a 70-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than 24 hours.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour's leader is the leader of the opposition for statutory and parliamentary purposes.
A private equity firm has ruled itself out of the formal takeover process for Scottish investment firm Alliance Trust.
Ian Keatley's injury-time drop-goal failed to give Munster victory over Edinburgh in a pulsating Pro12 encounter at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply on Monday after the supermarket group said its takeover bid for wholesaler Booker had been put on hold.
European gas and oil prices have risen sharply on concerns about the stability of Russian supplies to Europe, as tensions between Russia and Ukraine continue to escalate.
Ipswich Town defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season, according to manager Mick McCarthy.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to come up with a single design for the driver's head protection system for the 2017 season.
Lithium could be a "key piece of the ageing puzzle", according to researchers at University College London (UCL).
More than 30 children from the Jungle migrant camp in Calais are to be moved to a temporary home in Devon, the BBC understands.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Vladimir Isturiz, has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum.
Proposals to extend the Premiership season from nine months to 10 have "serious implications" for players, according to the Rugby Players' Association.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" wind warning for Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 150km/hr in exposed areas.
Malala Yousafzai has said she will "never forget" the more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in 2014.
Glamorgan's batsmen struggled on day one of the first day-night game of the new pink-ball season against Derbyshire as they were bowled out for 187 at Derby.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found near a mosaic in Hyde Park.
Sailings on the Stornoway-Ullapool-Stornoway route were cancelled on Thursday after a fault with a new high-speed ferry caused it to be withdrawn from service.
A woman who was raped in the 1970s has written to the director of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), Alison Saunders, asking for an investigation into why the case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed.
Tunisia and Morocco have been drawn in the same group for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying draw after reaching an agreement with the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
France stunned England to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time since 2003 with a clinical victory at Twickenham.
Great Britain taekwondo's youngest ever Olympic gold medallist has been selected for the 2016 Rio Games.
More than 200,000 people have signed a petition calling on a US judge to rethink his sentence for a student who sexually assaulted a female student at the University of California, Berkeley.
A new visitor centre is to be built at Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) as part of a £3.5m revamp of the site.
The front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers have been dominated by the prospect of an SNP victory in the Holyrood election.
A fire at a building site in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately set, police have said.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
Former North Wales Police chief David Anglesea is to launch an appeal against his conviction for child sex abuse, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said the majority of its members want the UK to remain in the European Union.
French actress Michelele Morgan, who won the Cannes Film Festival's Palme d'Or for the first time in 1946, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of the EU's 28 member states are meeting in Brussels to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the migrant crisis.
The opening of a new £1.2bn bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre, the latest in a series of sinkholes in the city centre.
A new £20m university campus on the Yorkshire coast has opened to the public.
Work has begun to restore part of the Swansea to Swansea canal as part of a £1m restoration project.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first gourmet burger chain, has been bought by the owner of Nando's.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game touchline ban and Greenock Morton counterpart Jim Duffy banned for two games for his part in the post-match fracas at Morton.
England are through to the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 for the first time since 2010 after a thrilling seven-run win over Sri Lanka in Delhi.
It's one of the most ambitious video game projects in the history of the video game industry.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win an Olympic gold medal on home soil as he and Katherine Glover and Helen Stanning became the first British women to win rowing and cycling gold medals.
Great Britain's hopes of winning the America's Cup suffered a second successive defeat on the final day of the first round of qualifiers in Bermuda.
When the Pro12's chief executive Dave Dodson told the BBC's Andrew Browne last month that the competition needed a radical shake-up, he wasn't just talking about the future of the competition, he was talking about its very existence.
When Alfred Russel Wallace first published his theory of natural selection in 1858, he was one of the most famous scientists in the world.
Leinster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Scarlets at the RDS.
Shakespeare Lives, a project to mark the 400th anniversary of his death, has been launched by the British Council as part of a drive to promote the work of the playwright around the world.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in federal funds to improve relations between police and black communities, in the wake of protests in Ferguson.
Bombardier has announced that its new CS300 jet has been given the go-ahead to take to the skies for the first time.
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to shut schools in the city after receiving a bomb threat, saying it was the "right thing to do".
Northern Ireland Under-19s were held to a 1-1 draw by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Women's Euro 2017 finals in Belfast.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner for the 2017-18 Elite League season.
Virgin Media has admitted that it "misrepresented" the number of homes and businesses connected to its Project Lightning broadband network last year.
Arriva Trains has said some of its high-speed trains have been taken out of use while it carries out maintenance work.
Prime Minister David Cameron must make clear that he will not abandon his pledge to cut net migration to 100,000 if he wins the EU referendum, a Labour MP has said.
The director of a 1980s play about the attempted rape of a young Druid by a Roman soldier in Britain, Ivan Bogdanov, says he felt like "a symbol of freedom of expression" when he was taken to court for staging a sex scene on stage.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a race up a hill in a Gloucestershire town famous for its cheese.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has given away a further $10bn (Â£6.5bn) in shares to charity, making him the first billionaire to do so since 1999.
A UKIP member has said he will not vote for any of the party's candidates in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader, including anti-Islam campaigner Diane Waters.
When you are the world's most decorated Olympian, you would think you would have plenty of time to prepare for the 2020 Tokyo Games - but not when you are pregnant.
Lithuania's Natalia Meilutyte set a new world record in qualifying for the 200m freestyle final at the World Championships as Britain's Katie Ledecky missed out on a place in the final.
Bristol City moved three points off the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought win over Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate.
Former Ospreys scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the Wales squad after being involved in an incident in Cardiff.
Uncertainty over the impact of Brexit on the UK's manufacturing sector has hit business confidence, according to a survey of firms.
A majority of West Ham fans have voted in favour of a game between the club's men's and women's teams at Upton Park.
People on benefits in Scotland are "living in constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlements, according to a new study.
Two accountants involved in the Oscars mix-up that saw La La Land mistakenly named best film instead of Moonlight win the best picture award have been given police protection, it has emerged.
A Port Talbot community organiser has said he is concerned about Tata Steel's decision to change the way it runs its European operations.
Theresa May has told EU leaders she would like to see the issue of the rights of UK citizens living in the EU dealt with in the early part of Brexit talks, Downing Street has said.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 European politicians and intelligence chiefs it has banned from entering the country, the EU says.
Two rival street gangs in Honduras say they have agreed to end their long-running turf war, in what is believed to be the first such truce in the Central American country in more than a decade.
GoPro's chief executive has announced that his company is to launch a consumer drone.
Plans to cut home-to-school transport subsidies for children in Gloucestershire have been shelved after councillors said they had been "cut too far".
Tiger Woods is back in action at the Dubai Desert Classic on Sunday as he continues his latest comeback from injury, but the tournament will not be the only event where he will be accompanied by a familiar face.
Councils in England have been hit by funding cuts of up to 40% since 2010, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce and Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez say they will have to fight "right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker star Mark Lee has been fined for defrauding a fan out of £1,600 after he failed to deliver a snooker cue he had promised to deliver.
A US woman charged with child sex offences against a 15-year-old girl in Wrexham has had the case against her dropped.
Phones running the Android operating system will get a major security update later this week, Google has said.
A woman has been jailed for six years for killing her unborn baby by poisoning it with a drug she bought online.
England wrapped up a 3-0 one-day series win over West Indies with a seven-wicket victory in the fifth and final match in Antigua to complete a 4-0 series whitewash.
Olympic bronze medallist Jo Sotherton says she is "open to the discussion" of changing javelin and heptathlon world records.
Three hospitals in Bristol have gone on "black alert", meaning they are unable to cope with demand, the NHS has said.
David Cameron has said the UK will continue to work "very closely" with China despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister scored a late equaliser to earn Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot, who finished the game with 10 men.
A number of cars have been targeted in a series of vandalism attacks in the north of Edinburgh.
At least five people have been killed in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state as heavy rain and strong winds continue to batter parts of the country.
Final Frontier Design, a New York-based start-up that designs and manufactures space suits for commercial space tourism, is aiming to be the world's first space suit manufacturer.
Police in Italy have arrested dozens of people accused of running a "money printing operation" for organised crime at an immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his estranged wife and posting a picture of her dead body on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons hooker Rhys Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to figures obtained by Labour.
The Indian government has filed a lawsuit against Vodafone in a long-running dispute over unpaid taxes.
Ole Solskjaer's time at Manchester United brought him six Premier League titles, two FA Cups and a Champions League final winner's medal.
Asian markets were lower on Friday after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut interest rates but did not increase its stimulus programme.
The Casement Park stadium project is "behind schedule" and needs to address two key issues before it can make progress, a report has said.
A scheme to encourage people to get off their cars and onto bicycles in Dumfries and Galloway has been dropped by the council.
Tributes have been paid to British student Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisia beach attack.
A North Korean man held in Malaysia in connection with the death of Kim Jong-nam has said his detention was a "scapegoat" by the authorities.
Two teenagers who stole the car of a vicar in a "shocking" carjacking have been detained.
Scotland scrum-half Jamie Hamilton has been left out of Vern Cotter's World Cup squad after being dropped by the head coach.
England's Jason Lewis won gold in the men's long jump at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as he beat Australia's James Cutts in a thrilling final.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has removed all references to the controversial gorilla Harambe from its Twitter account.
China's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.8% in 2015, down from 6.9% in 2014, according to official figures released on Tuesday.
Scientists have developed a battery which mimics the structure of the small intestine, in a bid to speed up the development of next-generation batteries.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players not to leave the Premier League champions this summer.
The Church of England has appointed its first woman bishop, the Right Reverend Anne Lane, from Greater Manchester.
Oldham Athletic came from behind to beat 10-man Wigan Athletic and secure their first win of the season.
Swindon Town's record goalscorer Luke Ayling has been released by the club after failing to turn up for Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Plymouth Argyle.
An investigation into the death of a woman in Tayside has been ordered by the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (PIRC).
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has become the first in the UK to be painted gold following Team GB's success at the Olympics.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong as the visitors' bowlers struggled on day two.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have accepted an offer from the city's bus company to end a dispute over pay and conditions.
The Forth Road Bridge will be closed to all traffic for 30 minutes for a procession to mark the 50th anniversary of its opening.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested the US may not be able to defend its Nato allies if they do not pay their fair share of defence costs.
Flood prevention schemes should be rolled out across the UK to reduce the risk of flooding, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's match against Real Madrid after suffering a foot injury.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in a "mindless act of cruelty" in the Borders.
Shares on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs for the second day in a row.
Protesters in the western Indian state of Gujarat have set fire to government buses and poisoned seven men in a protest against an alleged attack on Dalit (formerly untouchable) men.
Ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan are among the latest victims of phone hacking to receive settlements from the media company at the centre of the scandal.
Researchers have worked out how monarch butterflies navigate the 2,000-mile (3,000km) round-the-world journey they make every year.
The University of Bristol has unveiled its most powerful computer in the UK, which it says is more powerful than the world's most powerful.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of last week's failed coup attempt.
A World War Two fighter jet used in the Gulf War has been put up for sale by two ex-RAF engineers who have spent more than 20 years restoring it.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been chosen by councillors after a close vote.
Surfers have been taking advantage of huge swells created by Storm Doris off the coast of Portugal after the storm battered Scotland.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final World Cup warm-up game in Brussels.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his side to build on their impressive start to life in the top flight by beating Hibernian.
There is a shortage of local graduates who speak foreign languages in Northern Ireland, according to Ulster University's department of modern languages.
Ukraine has begun moving a giant metal shield to protect the damaged Chernobyl nuclear reactor on the site of the world's worst nuclear disaster 30 years ago.
A police investigation into a crash involving Tour de France champion Chris Froome, in which his bike was hit by a car, has been closed.
Northern Ireland's new councils will be given a range of new powers when they take over from Stormont next year.
A fire which destroyed a former textile mill in Bradford has highlighted the need for a review of West Yorkshire's historic mills, Historic England has said.
Cambridgeshire County Council has said it has "no concerns" about bunting knitted by knitters to decorate the streets of Cambridge for the Tour de France.
An Indian religious leader has said that allowing women into a Hindu temple could lead to an increase in rape incidents, reports say.
The mother of a girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang of men in Rotherham has told a court her daughter's character changed from a "lovely girl to an animal".
A father has described how he "knew something had to be done" when he found a dead newborn baby girl in a bus stop and wrapped her up in a dressing gown.
A UKIP candidate's chef was stopped by the Border Agency as he walked out of a curry house with his apron flapping in the wind, the party has said.
An Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the Antarctic has been towed to a remote research station, where it will be refloated.
Four people have been rescued after their yacht capsized off the County Antrim coast.
Deutsche Bank and Santander have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests, the country's central bank has said.
An appeal to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £100,000 in its first 24 hours.
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit for the first time in its 10-year history, thanks to a surge in sales and a tie-up with Morrisons.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says it would be a "massive mistake" for the national team to get complacent as they aim to qualify for Euro 2016.
Welsh and Irish ministers are meeting to discuss the future of the Irish border after Brexit.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in the Australian state of New South Wales.
Scotland's number one squash player Chloe Adderley has won her first national title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson is to step down as a councillor and become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
Taliban militants have attacked a police station in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, killing at least one police officer and wounding another, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers in Scotland going on to a "positive destination" after leaving school has risen for the second year running, according to new figures.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a "near certainty" of disaster in the next 10,000 years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood is in a three-way tie for the lead with American Brian Harman after the second round of the US Open after posting the lowest score in the tournament's history.
Turkish women who apply for jobs in Germany wearing a headscarf are four times more likely to be invited for interview than those who do not, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about his poor start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in the Mexican capital, Mexico City, calling for the legalisation of same-sex marriage.
Three men and two teenagers have been arrested following disturbances at the Celtic v Aberdeen match at Pittodrie on Friday night.
A man who carried out a "horrendous catalogue of offending" against a woman over a 30-year period has been jailed for eight years.
The number of young people in England and Wales owning their own home has fallen to its lowest level since records began, according to a survey.
The family of a soldier found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 20 years ago have said they are "relieved" a fresh inquest into his death has been ordered.
The family feud between the children of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, and the government over the level of commemoration for his death has sparked a public row in the city-state.
Students at a Dundee college have designed a bag which plays a voice recording when you take a credit card out of it to deter you from spending money.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a former boarding school.
Harlequins have signed scrum-half Alex Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps for next season.
Worcestershire's County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
An Italian ferry has caught fire off the Spanish island of Mallorca, with more than 1,000 passengers and crew feared to have been trapped on board.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim last week have returned to the scene of the crime on Thursday and made a final appeal for information.
A Caerphillyshire meat firm has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for mislabelling frozen meat.
When Jean-Claude Godin's family lost their home and business when his father was killed in a car crash, it was a devastating blow for the Godin family.
The owner of a £1m lottery ticket bought in Denbighshire has been urged to come forward to claim their prize.
A French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has been caught on camera selling supplies to migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea.
Scottish UKIP MEP Tom Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the party if asked to lead it, if asked by colleagues.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a movement coach to prepare for his new film role as Einar Elbe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Open in the first round after losing 4-3 to Mark Holt in Cardiff.
Transport bosses in London are to trial badges for disabled and ill people to help them find a seat on the Tube.
Featherstone Rovers forward Joe Pick and Huddersfield's Jason Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
More than 100 churches in Nigeria's biggest city, Lagos, have been ordered to shut down after residents complained about the noise they made.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Irish Premiership for the first time this season.
The Dying Matters Coalition is a group of doctors and bereaved relatives who want to change the way the medical profession deals with dying patients.
Rangers Football Club has raised more than £22m from fans and institutional investors in its share issue.
The government of Indian-administered Kashmir has banned lavish weddings in the north-eastern state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill has died at the age of 60, the newspaper has announced.
Rangers have appointed Mark Allen as their new director of football following his departure from Manchester City.
Angela Merkel has never been one to mince her words.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the "heart" of a lost Dark Age Pictish kingdom.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are in a three-way tie for the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Connecticut.
Omar al-Husseini, a 19-year-old student from Annan, was the youngest player in Scottish League One to score in the Scottish Cup when his side reached the fifth round.
More than two-thirds of councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax next year to pay for social care, a survey suggests.
A supplier of ambulances for a patient transport service in Sussex has said he has not been paid for six months.
US striker Alex Morgan has signed for French champions Lyon on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Britain's Hannah Cheshire missed out on a first World Cup slopestyle medal of the season as she failed to qualify for Sunday's final in California.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams hopes to win the right to fight longer rounds in women's boxing after the World Boxing Council (WBC) said it will never allow three-minute rounds.
Sevilla remain on course to become the first team to win three consecutive Europa League titles after drawing the first leg of their semi-final against FC Lviv in Ukraine.
The head of the US military's European Command, General Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military presence in Crimea could threaten the security of the Black Sea region.
When you're a child, there are few things more nerve-wracking than the prospect of missing out on a dream.
A three-year-old German Shepherd called Ludwig is one of the best behaved dogs in the UK.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "dragging recklessly" the political process towards an "unprecedented tipping point" over a botched heating scheme.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down after the force was criticised over its handling of the child sex abuse scandal in Rotherham.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Poland international defender Tomasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operators of cash machines in the UK are in talks with banks in an attempt to resolve a dispute over fees.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that a $681m (Â£400m) donation made to Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak ahead of last year's election was intended to help his coalition win the election.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not be affected by the brain injury he suffered in his last fight when he defends his British middleweight title against Jamie Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,300 badly made life jackets used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean from Greece to Europe.
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended prison sentence for his part in a brawl at the League One club's ground.
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have become the first pair to win the English men's and women's doubles titles three times.
Shrewsbury missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Sheffield United.
Poland striker Robert Lewandowski was taken off on a stretcher after suffering a head injury in their World Cup qualifying win over Romania.
Kids in South Australia have been given the chance to redesign national parks in the country with the help of 3D modelling software.
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a dispute over the minimum wage on Northern Isles cargo boats, the Scottish government has said.
Ospreys fly-half Vereniki Goneva is set to make his first appearance of the season against Scarlets on Boxing Day after recovering from a shoulder injury.
Jockey David Ackerman has lost his appeal against his six-month ban for betting on horse races.
Nato has formally ended its 10-year mission in Afghanistan, bringing to an end a mission that has involved more than 12,000 foreign troops.
Two refugees have been praised for helping a far-right German politician who was hit by a car while taking part in an anti-migrant march.
A man has died and three other people have been injured in a car crash in Manchester.
Wales' first minister has accused Theresa May of having a "tin ear" on devolution as the UK government prepares to begin the formal process of leaving the European Union.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been named as the new England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) chief executive.
The family of a man who was killed in a crash caused by an unlicensed driver have called for tougher sentences for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been reunited with their owner after being found in a garden in west Belfast.
Greece has published a list of reforms it wants to make as part of its bailout deal with its international creditors.
A public consultation on the future of Gloucester Prison has been launched.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Fearne Cotton has played her final show on the station, saying she was "terrified-slash-excited" for her final broadcast.
England scrum-half Tom Watson has been charged with two offences of unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union after his red card in Bath's defeat by Saracens on Saturday.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham moved to the top of the National League with a comfortable win over Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game has been discovered in a 2,300-year-old tomb.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have signed for the club even if they had not played European football this season.
China's consumer prices rose at their slowest pace in more than two years in September, official figures have shown, as producer prices continued to fall.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" defender Jazz Richards has taken longer than expected to recover from a broken leg.
A device on the Virgin Galactic space plane that crashed last week, killing one of its pilots, may have been the cause of the crash.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has declared victory over so-called Islamic State in Mosul, but the battle for the city is far from over.
Pesticides used to control pests on crops are damaging the brains of honey bees, according to UK government research.
A new centre of excellence for marine and bio-energy research is to be set up at the University of Ulster after it was awarded £10m in EU funding.
Egyptian experts say they have found "anomalies" in the temperatures of three of the country's most famous pyramids.
An unexploded World War Two bomb found in a quarry is to be blown up in a controlled explosion.
A man has been arrested by UK police investigating the alleged abduction and attempted sale of model Chloe Ayling.
Prank TV shows have become a major source of controversy in the Middle East and North Africa in recent years, especially during Ramadan.
General Motors is to invest $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in a new plant in Ontario, Canada, creating up to 1,000 jobs.
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been lying in repose in the city's city hall for the first time since his death on Monday.
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine bay of a locked car in Aberdeenshire.
The distinctive Scots accent has undergone changes that have spread across the UK for more than 100 years, according to new research.
A cathedral in Surrey is set to be saved from demolition after more than £5m was raised to pay for repairs and improvements.
She plays a no-nonsense politician in a hit US TV series, and now Robin Wright is fighting for equal pay for her role in House of Cards.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs, but Tiffany's shares jumped after it reported better-than-expected results.
Unpaid internships should be banned in the UK, a cross-party group of MPs has said in a report.
The Scottish government has announced funding for a project to help bring down the cost of offshore wind turbines for Scottish waters.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were hidden in the back of a van after she and her boyfriend were stopped at the French border.
Fidel Castro brought revolution to Cuba in the 1950s and created the western hemisphere's first Communist state.
England captain Alastair Cook has "got the right-sized feet" to become one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says former Australia captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA is appealing for information after a cat was shot in the leg with an air gun in Aberdeenshire.
The rainbow flag has been raised for the first time since the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) took power at Stormont.
A Labour MEP has announced he is to leave his role in the European Parliament to take up a top role at an international business body.
Hackers say they have stolen Game of Thrones scripts and episodes of Ballers and Room 104 from HBO and posted them online in what they call "the greatest leak of cyber space era".
Police have launched an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company, a children's charity in London.
Hollywood actor Morgan Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Film Institute (AFI).
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has failed the latest European stress test for banks, which assessed their ability to withstand a major economic shock.
The Isle of Wight's historic chain ferry service is to be changed to allow passengers and vehicles to disembark at different times.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats half-back Joe Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
A new divorce form has been criticised for asking people to name the person they believe their husband or wife has committed adultery with.
One of Scotland's most famous seagulls has returned to a nature reserve for a second season in a row.
If you leave your mobile phone somewhere do you worry you will not be able to find it?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that US Jews helped Donald Trump win the presidential election by donating to both his rival and his own party.
Four people have been treated for smoke inhalation after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees, the human rights group Amnesty International says.
Leigh Griffiths says he and his Celtic team-mates are "buzzing" as they prepare to confirm their status as Scottish Premiership champions on Sunday.
The UK's unemployment rate has fallen below 5% for the first time in more than a decade, according to official figures.
A Derren Brown show in which the illusionist tried to self-asphyxiate himself was unsuitable for broadcast before the watershed, a watchdog has ruled.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 50m breaststroke.
A freckle on the finger of a childcare worker was the key to the arrest and conviction of a paedophile who was caught because of a tip-off from police in Australia.
What do you expect when you spend a week living in a space capsule the size of a football pitch?
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks on lawyers and justice officials in the city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Ross Murdoch from Ross County for an undisclosed fee.
Militants in eastern Libya say they have killed four Italian journalists who were kidnapped by Islamist militants last year.
Britain's Hannah Lucas won the Para-cycling World Cup series for the second year in a row with victory at the World Cup regatta in Canada.
Universities in England could be forced to offer students a legally binding contract to improve the quality of their courses, Universities Minister Jo Johnson has said.
India has condemned the death sentence handed down by a Pakistani military court on a former Indian navy officer for spying, saying it is "unacceptable".
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, an ambulance service says.
A man has been held at gunpoint by a man who forced his way into a house in Londonderry.
More than 3,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting offences in England and Wales in the past year, according to figures from the League Against Cruel Sports.
A court in Myanmar has charged 65 people in connection with clashes between protesters and police in the north of the country.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for failing to show "proper respect for women".
A " manipulative and depraved sexual predator" who raped and sexually abused a woman in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United's winless start to the League Two season continued as Morecambe came from behind to beat them at the Kassam Stadium.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested by police investigating a serious sexual offence in County Londonderry.
Cardiff City captain Aled Jones is a doubt for Sunday's Championship game against Preston North End after being ruled out of action for the rest of the season.
Teachers in England and Wales should be given a pay rise to help boost recruitment and retention, say six of the country's biggest teaching unions.
Shale gas drilling in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake was felt by at least one person in the county on Friday.
Four paintings by Caravaggio, including The Supper at Emmaus and Boy bitten by a Lizard, are to go on display at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-step verification system to prevent cyber-thieves gaining access to users' iCloud accounts even if they have not previously used it.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed in Syria in 2012, has filed a lawsuit against President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed and his brother seriously injured in an attack by a family dog, an inquest has heard.
The Scottish sporting budget is set to be cut by £10m over the next three years, according to sportscotland.
The health of mothers-to-be and their babies is being put at risk by eating an unhealthy diet during and after pregnancy, according to a major European project.
A hoard of Bronze Age weapons found on the Isle of Coll in Argyll has been revealed as part of an investigation into life on the island 3,000 years ago.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was attacked and stamped on by two people on a train in Glasgow.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing and sharing sexually explicit images of underage girls.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the world's highest-paid artists for 2014.
A World Cup winner's medal won by Brazil legend Pele has sold at auction for more than £150,000.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia after reports that Australian spy agencies spied on the phone calls of the country's president.
The UN's human rights chief has called on Syria's government to investigate a video that appears to show the killing of dozens of pro-government soldiers and rebels in a possible war crime.
Organic farming can increase the biodiversity of farmland, according to a new study in France.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have written an open letter to the government calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites.
The government is raising the rate of the bank levy, the tax it plans to charge on the debts of the UK's banks, from 0.088% to 0.075%.
Investors have reacted to Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election with a surge in the value of bonds.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row as it continues to cut prices in a "challenging market".
A driver has been fined after being caught trying to find a Sam Smith song on his phone while driving in Dorset.
Dame Judi Dench, best known for playing James Bond's M in the Skyfall series, has revealed she is struggling to read scripts because of a degenerative eye condition.
A double-decker bus was left stranded on a farm muck heap after being driven down a no-through road and ignored a "no unauthorised vehicles" sign.
A total solar eclipse took place on 21 August 2014, with the moon passing in front of the Sun.
Wales will face a "job of convincing the public" about the merits of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) scheme, a leading economist has warned.
A Denbighshire hospital and one in Wrexham have improved their food-hygiene ratings after being rated "inadequate" by the health board.
As the dust settles on the general election campaign in Wales, here's a look at the main parties' plans for next year's assembly election.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be used as a test site for a new type of nuclear reactor, a union has said.
Mark Natzler has been appointed as the new Clerk of the House of Commons, Speaker John Bercow has announced.
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis after a seven-month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug.
Tunisians have voted in a run-off election for a new president, the first since the 2011 uprising that led to the overthrow of long-serving leader Zine el-Abedine Ben Ali.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign midfielder Barry Erskine from Dundee United when his contract expires at the end of the season.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have rejected claims that they are helping companies to avoid paying tax by using tax havens.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland could be "significantly greater" than previously thought, according to new research.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has revealed he held talks with Aston Villa in the summer about becoming their new manager.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a 92-year-old Ukrainian man who says he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
Small businesses in Scotland are among the best in the UK for having basic digital skills, according to a report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in the pharmaceutical and tech sectors.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of raping a 15-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given an ultimatum by Formula 1 bosses to avoid a repeat of the collision that led to their last-lap collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Russia has blocked more than 1,000 websites, including porn sites, following a court ruling that they "spread pornography".
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell and the home of comedian Tom O'Connor are among the top 10 listed buildings in England that need to be saved, a charity has said.
Iraqians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament, amid growing tensions between the majority Shia and minority Sunni communities.
Marine Maréchal-Le Pen, the niece of French far-right leader Marine Le Pen, is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales scrum-half Tomas Francis says he was relieved to keep his place for Friday's Six Nations match against England.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were vandalised at a Tesco branch in Flintshire.
The future of a coastal railway line could be at risk because of sea-level rise, according to a new report.
Southeastern is to compensate rail passengers affected by the damage caused by the sea wall collapse at Dover.
Florence and the Machine have been promoted to the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury and Pussy Riot have made an appearance in front of the Park Stage, as the second day of the festival gets under way.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has accused a Labour AM of using "aggressive language" during a debate on Brexit.
I have recently announced that I will be leaving my job as a BBC business correspondent to become a freelance presenter.
Nottingham Forest have signed Lazio'sasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.
Victoria Jones was in the early stages of her pregnancy when she and her husband Nicky were told they were expecting their first child.
A "zombified" father who put his "green monster" buggy up for sale on eBay with a price tag of more than £200,000 has said he has broken the site's limit for inquiries.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to rig one of the key interest rates used to set global lending rates.
Hull FC have signed full-back Joe Arundel from Super League rivals Hull Kingston Rovers on a two-year deal from next season.
A seven-day NHS in England is a good aspiration but should not be the only priority, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins should be selected for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Triathlon Series event in Australia, according to fellow British triathlete Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has agreed to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's property loan portfolio in Northern Ireland.
Woody Allen, the billionaire founder of Microsoft, has announced plans to launch his own private rocket company.
A conservation charity has won a legal challenge to the Scottish government's decision to grant planning permission for four offshore wind farms.
A Fife man has admitted raping and sexually abusing two young girls in Fife.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street on Saturday night.
South Sudan's civil war has turned into one of the biggest humanitarian crises in the world, with thousands of people fleeing their homes to escape the violence.
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes insists his side can still finish second in the Scottish Premiership despite losing 3-0 at home to Rangers.
A soldier's pet ram has been promoted for the first time in his 30-year career.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has said it carried out a suicide attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, near the border with Syria.
Binge-watching has been named as the word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has been sacked by the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) following the country's failure to win a sixth World Cup.
Hospitals in England are paying more than £380m a year for cancer drugs which have seen their prices rise by more than 100% over the past five years, researchers say.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African leadership has not been announced, seven years after the prize was launched by the then-South African Prime Minister Omar al-Bashir.
The Met Office has issued an amber "be aware" warning for winds of up to 90mph over parts of Scotland on Friday and Saturday.
Award-winning actress Michelle Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, the theatre has announced.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well, police have said.
It's a rule of thumb that if you're good at something, you're likely to be good at it.
A Banksy mural that went missing from a wall in London and was later removed from an auction in the US is to be put up for sale again.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese territory of Macau fell sharply in the three months to September from a year earlier as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending by Chinese officials hit the city's economy.
India's Sahitya Akademi, the country's leading literary institution, has condemned recent attacks on writers, calling for "immediate action" to protect them.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling on Oxford's Ruskin College to save its BA English Studies and Women's Studies courses.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Swansea man John Warburton, who has been missing for more than a month.
Britain's Simon Yates dropped out of the race leader's yellow jersey as Peter Sagan won stage five of the Giro d'Italia.
Liverpool midfielder James Milner has been released from his England contract by manager Sam Allardyce.
Arsenal missed the chance to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the third successive season as they were held to a goalless draw by Hull City at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has begun legal action against Samsung, accusing the tech giant of using some of its technologies in its phones without permission.
The death of Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, the son of Col Muammar Gaddafi, is not a military victory for the Nato-led coalition fighting against the regime of the Libyan leader.
A man has been found dead in a crashed car with a two-year-old girl in the back.
Peers have been told the UK government has made "significant progress" in talks over the fiscal framework for new tax powers being devolved to Holyrood.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has said there is "every evidence" of "militarisation" in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of making Scottish MPs "second-class citizens" in the House of Commons after the government postponed a vote on fox-hunting.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May urging her to split the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire into two parts.
Wales tight-head prop Brian Mujati has joined Ospreys from Sale Sharks on a one-year deal.
Rescuers are searching a mountain in Vietnam for a British backpacker who went missing while attempting to climb the world's highest mountain.
Tributes have been paid to former Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson at a memorial service for the rugby league legend.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian could give birth at the end of the month, the zoo has said.
A campaign has been launched to find the "great British bird" to become the nation's official symbol.
Austrian police have arrested a lookalike of Adolf Hitler who was spotted in the town where the Nazi leader was born in 1889, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Rotherham.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the fire at the Grenfell Tower block in west London.
Joe Root is "the obvious candidate" to be England's next Test captain, according to former fast bowler James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers to create a so-called "fast lane" for Netflix and other video streaming services, the internet was abuzz.
Burnley moved into the Championship play-off places as Andre Gray's first-half penalty gave them victory in the Lancashire derby against Blackburn.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced that it will invest £500m in its Solihull plant and create 1,000 new jobs over the next three years.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike gave Dagenham and Redbridge victory at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool and record their first win of the League Two season.
A 20-year-old man who was stabbed to death in a bar in north London has been named by police.
A shortlist of the UK's oldest and most significant trees has been announced for this year's World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea off the Gwynedd coast.
Up to 100 jobs are to be lost at a fish and chip factory in Coleraine, County Londonderry, following the closure of the plant.
Swimmers have been warned to be on the lookout for jellyfish after a rise in the number of sightings in recent weeks.
A woman was "brutally murdered" in a "sadistic" and "perverted" attack by two men who bound and gagged her before cutting her jugular vein, a court has heard.
The Duke of Wales has given birth to his first child, a son, Prince William of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge.
Ospreys flanker Tom Thornton says he is delighted to have been called up to the Wales squad for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa.
A plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs will be challenged in court after a planning inspector said it was "unrealistic and flawed".
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) must do more to deal with 150,000 people who have been refused permission to stay in the UK but have not left, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world's 50 most powerful women in a new list of the most influential women in the world.
A man has been convicted of stealing a flock of sheep from a Powys farm after DNA tests proved they were the offspring of a farmer's ewes.
An exhibition celebrating the work of the poet William Blake has opened in Oxford following the discovery of his printing studio in London.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is more dangerous than a new Cold War, a report by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has said its shareholders will vote on whether to approve its planned merger with Germany's Deutsche Boerse.
If you were asked to strip naked in a steam bathhouse and apply a bunch of oak leaves to your back, you might be forgiven for thinking you were going to have a heart attack.
Sky has launched its first mobile service, which will piggyback on O2's network and allow customers to watch TV and listen to music on their mobiles.
The chief executive of Australian airline Qantas, Alan Joyce, has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a point against Manchester United at Old Trafford.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 pole positions with a stunning lap in qualifying for the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps.
The family of six-month-old Kayden Doherty, who died in hospital last April, have been speaking to the BBC about the "appalling" care he received at Stepping Hill Hospital.
Plaid Cymru has said the Labour Party in Wales should take "swift action" to stamp out "divisive campaigning" after another member of the party was suspended.
St Johnstone missed the chance to go second in the Premiership as they were held to a draw by Rangers at Ibrox.
There's a saying in politics that "losing is the saddest thing that can happen to you".
A 21-year-old man who died after being shot by police in Bedfordshire died from a gunshot wound to the chest, a post-mortem examination has found.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has not decided where he will play next season but has not ruled out a return to the Premier League.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick on his Sale debut as they came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races with victory in Sunday's US Grand Prix, the 50th of his career.
The Sri Lankan army has suspended its search for survivors of a landslide that killed more than 100 people after heavy rains caused by monsoon rains.
Sprinter Justin Gatlin has broken his own 200m world record for the second time this year to win the Diamond League meeting in the United States.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered the scrapping of a customised "rest chamber" fitted on a plane for his business class seat on a recent trip to the UK.
Amnesty International has called on the Indian government to repeal a controversial law that gives security forces sweeping powers in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The High Court in Scotland has granted permission for journalists to live-stream the sentencing of a man found guilty of murdering his former lover on Twitter.
Katie Hopkins has apologised to the family of a Muslim family stopped from travelling to the US after she claimed they were extremists in an article published in the Mail Online.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the company said it would not sell its bricks to him.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan, the owner of an orphanage, in the hit musical Annie.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the streets despite a three-year plan to end rough sleeping in the town, a report has found.
Mikheil Saakashvili has been Georgia's president for more than a decade.
Scotland is facing a "growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in the workplace, a charity has warned.
West Ham's return to Upton Park ended in defeat as they were held to a 2-2 draw by Juventus in their first game at their new home.
At least 20 students have been killed in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria's Kano state, officials say.
Great Britain's rowers have been named in the Great Britain squad for this month's World Rowing Cup in Florida.
Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have all signed new national dual contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Aston Villa have signed former England striker Carlton Cole on a two-year deal.
In his first speech as prime minister, Theresa May said she was "confident" that the UK would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union after Brexit.
Bees from different parts of the UK are being asked to send in their noises in a bid to help scientists learn more about the behaviour of honey bees.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 with a 3-2 win over League One side Oldham Athletic.
The Department for Transport's bungling of the West Coast mainline rail franchise fiasco could cost taxpayers more than £10m more than previously estimated, MPs have said.
In the history of the Nobel Prize for Physics, there have been more than 1,000 Nobel Laureates, most of them men.
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was beaten 4-0 by England's Peter Lines in the second round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in Scunthorpe.
The debate about the future of the BBC licence fee is not just in the political debate at Westminster.
Taxpayers should be given the right to pay an extra £5bn a year for the NHS and social care if they choose, former Lib Dem leadership contender Norman Lamb has said.
Clyde manager David Ferguson has admitted that his side are in danger of missing out on the Scottish League Two play-off places if they do not beat Annan Athletic on Saturday.
Greece is heading to the polls on Sunday for a general election that will decide whether or not the country stays in the European Union.
Archaeologists in Monaghan have unearthed parts of a Spitfire that crashed in a field in the County Monaghan town 75 years ago.
Parents have accused a council of "punishing" them for living in a rural area by cutting free school transport for their children.
A memorial service has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake in Italy that struck the country's south-east.
Australia's prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, has been the subject of much speculation over the past few weeks, with reports that he is facing a leadership challenge from his deputy Barnaby Joyce.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as team-mate Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel finished second and third.
A teenager has been charged in connection with an alleged fraud at the T in the Park music festival in Brighton.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the handover of the territory from British to Chinese rule.
An Indian rapper has protested against the appointment of a woman as chief minister of the southern state of Tamil Nadu by changing the lyrics of one of her songs to protest against the move.
Eleven more people have been arrested in connection with a landslide in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen last month that killed dozens of people, prosecutors say.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its failure to tackle air pollution, it has been warned.
A white police officer in the US city of Cleveland has been found not guilty of the manslaughter of two black women who were shot dead by officers during a high-speed chase.
Russia says it is "deeply saddened" by the deaths of more than 100 people in two suicide bomb attacks in Syria that killed more than 120 people.
Promotion and relegation from the Premiership to the Championship will be scrapped from the 2017-18 season, the Rugby Football Union has announced.
Wales' councils have seen a drop of more than £400,000 in revenue from recycling services over the past year, it has been revealed.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is one of the biggest gatherings of business leaders from around the world.
A knife has been found at a school in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said.
The 2016 UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday, the first major snooker tournament to be played in the UK since a shake-up of the draw in 2014.
Red Bull's performance in the Australian Grand Prix was far from what they would have liked, with the team far off the pace of Mercedes and Ferrari.
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 8 September to decide on the future of the country in a referendum on independence.
Perth's city centre is to be transformed into a late-night shopping centre in a bid to boost the local economy.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England for the first time in more than a year.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a dissident republican bomb attack in County Tyrone, is taking place in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior law officer.
A ferry has capsized off the west coast of Scotland after a collision with a fishing boat.
A man arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield has been released on bail.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as one of the NME magazine's 2015 musicians of the year.
A terminally ill man from Shropshire has taken his legal challenge to the law on assisted dying to the High Court.
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3-1 defeat by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final first leg in Portugal.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £1.5m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who suffered brain injuries after a heart attack while playing for the club's academy.
British actress Keira Knightley is to return to the Broadway stage for the first time in three years in a new adaptation of a classic French play.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to speak to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A 10-year-old Canadian boy has made headlines after he left a note in the pages of a comic book he had damaged.
Two-time BDO world champion Chris Waites says it was "painful" coming back from a shoulder injury to win his second title in three years.
Newport Gwent Dragons half-back Matty Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a knee injury.
A man has died after being shot by police during an incident in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of German international Stephanie Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been threatened with contempt of parliament after he refused to give evidence to a Commons select committee.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has hit back at criticism of his side's alcohol-fuelled World Cup campaign, insisting there has been no alcohol ban in his squad.
Dundee ended a run of three straight Premiership defeats as they thrashed Motherwell at Fir Park.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League at the group stage.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died in a rollercoaster accident at Dreamworld theme park on Australia's Gold Coast on Saturday.
A man has admitted being concerned in the supply of heroin with a street value of more than £300,000, a court has heard.
Swansea City are interested in appointing former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager, BBC Radio Wales understands.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in north London.
The last time the US central bank raised interest rates, the markets in Asia went into a tailspin.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in one of the most "damaging" cases of child sexual exploitation in Hertfordshire have been jailed.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said her "tremendous" son's organs will be used for transplant.
Worcester Warriors have suffered a blow with the news that prop Tom Youngs could be out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans for a multi-million pound motor racing circuit in Blaenau Gwent has begun.
Garry Thompson marked his return to Morecambe with a late winner as the Shrimps came from behind to beat Cheltenham at the Globe Arena.
More than a third of people cared for by crisis teams in the home by the NHS in the UK committed suicide within a week of being discharged from hospital, a report suggests.
Ulster won the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship for the first time since 2007 as they beat Connacht 3-13 to 1-12 in the final at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have called on the Scottish Parliament's corporate body to ensure they get a "decent cup of coffee" in committee meetings.
Hospitals in Wales could be forced to cut back on non-urgent surgery due to pressures on waiting times, the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons in Wales has said.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, with a population that has grown at close to 10% a year for a decade.
Two fishermen have been rescued from Lough Swilly in County Tyrone after getting into difficulty off Malin.
Two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be the favourites to win this year's Criterium du Dauphine, says two-time winner Alberto Contador.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people for trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads on the black market.
Brazil's former President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Rio de Janeiro after her impeachment by the Senate.
Derry City moved back into second place in the Premier Division with victory over Wexford United thanks to a first-half goal from Conor Boyle.
A mountain rescue team has said the drive to attract tourists to Snowdonia contributed to a rise in the number of callouts to the peak.
Paris St-Germain's £198m deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for the world's most expensive player has been widely criticised.
The January transfer window closed in Scotland on Wednesday, with Celtic and Hearts the only clubs to make significant additions to their squads.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's largest file-sharing sites, has been hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
A British inventor has won the £2,000 UK Engineering Prize for his 3D-printed prosthetic hand, which he says could revolutionise the way amputees are fitted with limbs.
Francois Fillon, the centre-right candidate in France's presidential election, has won the Republican Party's presidential nomination after a huge rally in Paris on Sunday.
Urgent care centres could be moved from Telford to Shrewsbury as part of a shake-up of the NHS in Shropshire.
Scott Brown has been a "big part of my career" since his Scotland debut in 2005, according to coach Gordon Strachan.
The formal signing of the £18bn deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset has taken place.
The number of calls to a helpline set up to help soldiers and airmen with mental health issues has risen by more than 50% in a year, the charity SSAFA has said.
A Met Police detective constable has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of possessing and distributing child pornography.
Hilary Benn's decision to back the government's motion of no confidence in the House of Commons in the wake of Jeremy Corbyn's vote in favour of military intervention in Syria has raised the question: is this the beginning of the end for the Labour leader?
World number one Mark Selby will play Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi-finals after holding off a spirited fightback from Marco Fu to lead 6-4.
Scotland striker Becky Evans says reaching Euro 2017 would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" if she and her team-mates miss out on qualifying for their first major finals.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death by a pupil have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says the club's British players need to "take charge" if he decides to step down at the end of the season.
The Nepalese government has said it plans to limit the number of people who can climb Mount Everest in a bid to make the world's highest mountain safer.
The family of a man killed in a crash on the M1 have called for a change in the law to allow retired drivers to keep their licences.
A former Stanford University student who was sentenced to six months in prison for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has been released from jail.
Plans to protect a coastal railway line damaged by Storm Desmond have been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a gold-plated urinal that has been described as "the world's most expensive toilet".
A series of events are being held to mark the centenary of the birth of a US artist whose work was inspired by views of the Sound of Sleat.
Residents in rural areas of Scotland are being asked to give their experiences of the rollout of fibre broadband by BT.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has defended scrapping a target for Wales to be in the top 20 of the UK in international test results by 2021, saying it is a "better target" for teachers.
Three TalkTalk employees have been arrested in India on suspicion of breaching the company's contract with a call centre provider.
A man suspected of shooting dead two police officers in the US state of Iowa has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police say.
More student teacher places are to be made available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form bodes well for Europe's chances of winning the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine in October.
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of Unison, the second largest union in the Labour Party, which has nominated him as its preferred candidate in the party's leadership contest.
England's Luke Donald is in contention for his first PGA Tour title of the year after a second-round 65 put him in a three-way tie for fourth at the WGC-Dell Match Play in Texas.
Jamie Heaslip has been named in the Ireland team to face Wales in Saturday's Six Nations match in Cardiff after recovering from injury.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended over an investigation into alleged failings in the handling of a safeguarding case.
Netflix has become the first major video-streaming service to roll out its service to all of the world's major emerging economies.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have parted company with manager John Hughes after two-and-a-half years in charge.
There is a strange calm in the Greek capital this week.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service has said.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers and benefit from a wider range of health benefits, according to a new study.
Former Australia international James Mason has left Catalans Dragons by mutual consent after suffering a series of injuries.
(Close): Mining shares weighed on the FTSE 100, with Anglo American and BHP Billiton among the biggest fallers after broker downgrades.
Muslim Match, a dating website for single Muslims, has been hit by a security breach that has revealed details of more than 100,000 members.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's new vice-president, accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking.
A man has been injured after he was attacked by a man armed with a knife in Belfast city centre.
A novel set in the US during the Cold War has been published 30 years after it was first published.
Tanzania's president, John Kikwete, has sacked a minister for failing to declare a $1m (Â£800,000; $1,000,000) donation to a school, amid a corruption scandal.
She had come prepared to own up to her mistakes, apologising to the gathered throng at the Conservative Party conference.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (Â£9.5bn) fine for its role in the US housing crisis, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James could miss the 2016 Olympics in Rio after suffering further setbacks in her recovery from a knee injury, says her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korean team SKT has won the League of Legends (LoL) World Championship for a second time, beating Samsung Electronics' team in the final in Los Angeles.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell's first-half goal was enough to give Sheffield United victory over 10-man Bury at Bramall Lane.
At the time of the attack on the London Bridge, the victim of the incident was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), according to the Metropolitan Police.
All pictures are copyrighted and the content on this page is copyrighted.
Belgian prosecutors have charged a third man with involvement in the Paris attacks, a day after the highest security alert in Brussels was lifted.
Great Britain's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals on the final day of swimming at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Scottish Social Development Secretary Lesley McLeod has said the Scottish government is prepared to consider offering loans to young crofters to help them get on to the housing ladder.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made up his mind about his future with the club despite the club being in financial difficulty.
The pound has fallen more than 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
A collision between Earth and an early Solar System planet could explain how the carbon in our planet's mantle and biosphere came to be, a study suggests.
Asian stock markets were mostly higher on Friday, following a positive lead from Wall Street, where US stocks ended the week higher.
The FBI has been asked to help police in a murder case in the US to access data on the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers.
Ayr United have won a competition to design a new badge for their club crest.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A British teenager who travelled to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been killed in an attack in Iraq, according to reports.
Belfast Giants have announced that six players have signed new deals with the Elite League club for the 2017-18 season.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being found with head injuries in his bedroom had told a classmate he felt "unsafe" at school and was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA is to be allowed to travel to the Republic of Ireland while on bail.
A £2.5m research centre aimed at cutting the cost of treating people with wounds in Wales has been set up at Cardiff University.
In the aftermath of the chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria last week, President Donald Trump lashed out at his predecessor, Barack Obama, on Twitter.
Rangers' Phil Foderingham says he is "disappointed" by the racist abuse directed at winger Scott Sinclair by a fan at Ibrox.
A doctor was called to Prince's Paisley Park home the day before he was found dead, but it was his son who called police, a lawyer for the singer's family has said.
Twelve historic closes in Edinburgh's Old Town are to be revitalised as part of a £1.5m project.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full face veils in public, including the burka and the niqab.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed when she was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has joined Munster as an academy coach.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews, who used to sit alongside Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell, has joined the Liberal Democrats.
The number of hectares planted with coca - the raw ingredient for cocaine - in Colombia has risen by almost 50% in the past year, according to a UN report.
If you were asked to name Scotland's next World Cup-winning winger, you might be forgiven for thinking it would be Chris Burke, the 19-year-old son of former Scotland international Chris Burke.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley will miss the rest of the season after being ruled out of Saturday's Pro12 game against Saracens at Twickenham.
Olympic gold medallist Souleymane Cisse says he can't walk in the street without being recognised because he has become a national symbol.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over guards' jobs and safety will take place on Friday, Southern rail has said.
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in the Portuguese city of Porto killed at least eight people, officials say.
"I have been smoking cannabis since I was 12 years old," says 18-year-old Cristian Gaviria, who has been growing the drug in his garden in Montevideo, Uruguay.
A hat that Princess Anne wore to the royal wedding has been sold at auction for £10,000, raising more than £20,000 for charity.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in the North Sea, the BBC understands.
Two British men arrested in the United Arab Emirates on suspicion of filming planes have been remanded in custody pending a hearing in Abu Dhabi.
Kristoffer Johnsen has left Hearts to join Dutch club ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Two young people have become the first members of a new Benedictine monastery in Monmouthshire.
Louis van Gaal's first season as Manchester United manager is almost over and he will have learned that there are no easy games in the Premier League.
When it comes to defence reviews there's no such thing as a crystal ball for defence ministers.
Wales' men's hockey team missed out on promotion to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time in 10 years as they lost to Scotland in the final of the European Championships.
A 70-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised winger Ben Woodburn after the England Under-20 international impressed during their pre-season tour to New Zealand.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Barcelona for the third time in four seasons in the Champions League group stage after being drawn in the same group as the Spanish giants.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the nation for its support for his surprise decision to scrap high-denomination bank notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
England's Graeme McDowell carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai Tour Championship in Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has given her backing to Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest, saying Jeremy Corbyn is "not the right person for the job".
A Kent council has suspended all of its litter wardens after a BBC Panorama investigation revealed they were wrongly fined thousands of pounds.
The pound hit a one-month high against the dollar after a closely-watched survey indicated a sharp rise in UK services activity following the EU referendum.
Clashes between police and youths have continued for a third night in London following rioting in Tottenham and Enfield on Saturday night.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by more than 10% in the past decade, according to the latest figures.
England's Euro 2016 opener against Russia on Saturday will be a huge game for the national team because it will be the first time we will not face a team from the same group in the last 16 of a major tournament.
The public will not be allowed to know details of undercover police operations unless it is necessary to protect individuals from harm, says a preliminary ruling by the inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales.
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League (RFL) after one of their players was bitten on the face during a Challenge Cup match against Fryston.
US actress Shirley Temple, known as "America's little darling" and "Little Miss Miracle", has died at the age of 88.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Yann Abdou on a free transfer on a two-year deal.
A Porto-based football player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee and three months for assaulting an opposition player.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is returning to London's Albert Hall for the 50th anniversary of the British Proms.
Police investigating the murder of a woman and the discovery of a man's body in a wheelie bin at a block of flats in Luton have named her as Samantha Winning.
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly record more than 90 cases of child sexual exploitation in the Rotherham child abuse scandal.
Southend United boss Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card he received in the League One derby defeat by Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders to highlight the importance of closing the attainment gap between pupils in the most and least deprived areas of the country.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede involving thousands of Hindu pilgrims in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Jean-Louis Assou-Ekotto has signed a one-year contract with French Ligue 1 side St Etienne.
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle, removing several senior officials, including defence minister Abdel Rahim Hussein.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrading his private home.
The body of a man whose body was found at the site of the Swansea Bay Power Station collapse has been removed from the site.
A Gwynedd chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls and bought them gifts has been sacked.
Lassie the golden eagle has begun incubating an egg at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has said.
A house in Cookstown, County Tyrone, has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) has criticised "slippage" in services at four care homes run by Cornwall Care.
US President Donald Trump made a series of campaign promises during the 2016 election campaign.
Police investigating the murder of a man shot dead in his Dorset home are searching a river in a bid to recover a firearm used in the attack.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a north London pub in the early hours of Saturday.
Championship side London Welsh have been taken over by a US-based investment group following a winding-up petition against the club being dismissed.
A former head teacher at a school for children with learning difficulties has been charged with child sex offences.
Head teachers are to be invited to attend seminars on how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's missile test over Japan was "outrageous" and "provocative", as she met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Marvel superhero film Guardians of the Galaxy, playing a villainous space pirate.
Manchester United are set to make their first signings of the summer transfer window after securing Champions League football by winning the Europa League.
A medieval bridge dating back to the 13th Century has reopened to the public after being uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
The UK has recorded its hottest day of the year, with temperatures reaching 37.7C (98F) at Heathrow Airport.
What drove the German pilot, Andreas Lubitz, to kill himself and his co-pilot, deliberately crash-landing a passenger plane in the French Alps, killing all 92 people on board?
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons in their final game at Rodney Parade.
The scientists investigating the Chicxulub Crater - the site of the asteroid strike that wiped out the dinosaurs - say they have found a pointer to the asteroid that caused the mass extinction.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales "gets a rotten deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan's Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first-class centuries as the Welsh county's batsmen dominated the first day of their Championship match against Cambridge University.
Police investigating the death of a man who was found stabbed to death in Manchester city centre have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
How many siblings do you know who all play the same instrument at the same time?
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Styrke has lost five months to making her latest album.
A secondary school in Oxfordshire could be closed after being rated inadequate by Ofsted following an inspection.
The UK's three intelligence agencies are targeting more women as part of a drive to recruit more female staff, the government has said.
A lump of coal has been presented to the last remaining deep coal mine in South Yorkshire ahead of its closure on Monday.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell midfielder Alex Jules on a season-long loan deal from Reading until the end of the season.
The takeover of O2 by Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of Three, has been blocked by the European Commission.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Yousra Elbagir looks at how Sudanese poets are using poetry to fight censorship and control in the capital, Khartoum.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over Peterborough at Boundary Park.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been accused of involvement in a massive corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras.
These clouds of charged particles are released in explosive outbursts from the Sun, known as solar storms, and can cause powerful disturbances in the Earth's magnetosphere.
Bath have signed England second-row Geoff Parling from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal and back-rower Olly Woodburn from Bath on a three-year contract.
(Close): Mining shares dragged the FTSE 100 lower, dragged down by Antofagasta and Rolls-Royce, while housebuilders recovered some of their earlier losses.
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $1.5m (Â£1.2m) on CharityBuzz.
Ousmane Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Mali after announcing his retirement from international football.
Zambia missed out on qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals as they were held to a goalless draw by Cape Verde in a match which was marred by bad weather.
A Pembrokeshire archaeological site is looking for volunteers to help out with the running of the site.
All frontline staff at benefit offices should be trained in how to stop people taking their own lives, the government has suggested.
Williams test driver Susie Wolff has been given a bigger role at the team for next season.
National League side Boreham Wood have re-signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a garden created in memory of their mother Diana, Princess of Wales, where they met representatives of charities supported by her.
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a van attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona in which a driver ploughed into a crowd of pedestrians on Las Ramblas, a pedestrian zone in the centre of the city.
A major roundabout revamp on the A55 in Chester has been delayed for a second time, causing "chaos" for motorists.
Phil Taylor beat Kim Huybrechts to set up a PDC World Darts Championship quarter-final against Raymond van Barneveld on Friday.
People in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people.
Gillingham have re-signed Chris Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season in a bid to secure him a place at Euro 2016.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from 56-3 to end day one of their tour match against South Africa in Bulawayo on a high note.
A Chinook helicopter has been sent to recover the wreckage of a military helicopter that crashed on a Snowdonia mountain, the Ministry of Defence has said.
MSPs have been "over the top" in their concerns about the impact of the Scottish government's budget cuts on local authorities, Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney has told MSPs.
Hundreds of thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the Highlands.
Thousands of people gathered at Cape Canaveral in Florida on Monday to watch the historic launch of the US space shuttle Endeavour.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician who was murdered in London five years ago.
A heritage group has called for an investigation into a dispute over access to a World War Two memorial in France.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will vote for Britain to leave the European Union in June's referendum has been widely reported in European media, with commentators in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Hungary and Russia all wondering whether the London mayor could challenge David Cameron for the Conservative leadership.
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys at the top of the table with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a different guest each week.
A woman has said she is "furious" after a company invited her to an interview for a job only to describe her as a "home educated oddball" and "left-wing loon tree hugger".
Jim Broadbent's return to the stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in the Noel Coward Theatre's production of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol has been praised by critics.
A growing number of women are downloading period tracking apps on their smartphones to monitor their menstrual cycle, but experts are warning they should not be used as a form of contraception.
The sisters of Oscar Pistorius have said they feel "heartache" for the athlete's family ahead of his sentencing for killing his girlfriend.
Salford Red Devils have released full-back Chris Chase, half-back Jamie Paterson and captain Chris Hansen, but are close to agreeing a deal to sign France Under-20 international forward Alex Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his side's best chance of qualifying for next season's Champions League.
Dame Judi Dench has donated Â£10,000 to the Surrey Wildlife Trust.
The Queen's portrait has been unveiled on the front of the new £1 coin.
Labour has accused the coalition of cutting the number of GPs in England who offer out-of-hours surgery by 590 in the past five years.
American Patrick Reed will represent the United States at the 2016 Ryder Cup at Gleneagles after finishing joint first at the WGC-Dell Match Play in New York.
A police watchdog has backed the use of force by officers during the arrest of five men who tried to ram a police car outside a McDonald's restaurant in Carnoustie.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads has risen by more than a third in the past five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Jordan McNair has been named in the draw for this year's Milk Cup final, which will be held in Los Angeles.
An A&E unit at a north Wales hospital was under "unprecedented" pressure last year, inspectors have said.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish Super Lig side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
A 26-year-old man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida has appeared in court for the first time since his arrest last week.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it would happen.
The Ross Sea has been designated as a Marine Protected Area (MPA) - the first of its kind on the high seas.
Thousands of people have turned on the street lights in Leicester as part of the city's annual Diwali celebrations.
US author Jackie Collins, best known for her erotic bestseller Hollywood Wives, has died of breast cancer at the age of 83, her family has said in a statement.
A Japanese pensioner dubbed the country's first "black widow" after she was accused of murdering four of her lovers with cyanide has admitted killing one of them, according to local media.
A fish that escaped from a shopping centre during flooding has been found safe and well after making its way to a petrol station.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has apologised for his "outburst" during a press conference in which he questioned the selection of two of his own players.
A man who went on the run for more than two years after being recalled to prison has been arrested after posting pictures of himself on social media.
Strictly Come Dancing pair Steve Backshall and Ola Jordan have spoken out about claims that they were bullied on the show.
A new comedy-drama about a man's battle with depression is to be shot in south Wales.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will bring in one of the club's youth players to sit on the bench for his side's final two games of the season.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said he is "still working on the investigation" into the cause of a rocket explosion at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station last week.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
A Met Police sergeant and a constable have been ordered to pay £25,000 in damages to two men who say they were falsely imprisoned and racially abused by officers.
The South African government has granted Zimbabwe's First Lady Grace Mugabe immunity from prosecution over an alleged assault in South Africa.
A Russian court has sentenced three teenagers to jail for performing a "twerk dance" at a World War Two memorial in the northern city of Orenburg.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Charlie Webster for an undisclosed fee and loaned defender Callum Clarke to the League One club for the rest of the season.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to a report by Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland, saying a number of top managers have come to Scotland to do their coaching badges.
Commonwealth Games silver medallist Maxine Peake is aiming for a personal best and a Welsh record when she competes in the 4.40m hurdles in Cardiff on Saturday.
In the aftermath of the Peshawar school massacre there has been much debate in Pakistan about who was responsible.
Old Mutual, the world's biggest financial services group, has announced plans to spin off four of its business units into separate companies.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal with former Morecambe midfielder Alex Barkhuizen ahead of his move to Oldham Athletic.
Ten more Chinese cities have been placed under a "red alert" for air pollution, the environmental ministry has said.
A "morality police" - a police force set up to enforce Islamic religious law - has been a feature of public life in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution.
Wakefield secured their place in the Challenge Cup semi-finals for the second year in a row with a comfortable victory over Huddersfield Giants.
A car has ended up on top of another car in a marked parking space at a car park in Dundee city centre.
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has been named best film of the year at the Empire Awards.
Ken Barak is one of the world's leading experts in the extraction of oil from the ground.
An Asda supermarket in Manchester is to introduce a "quiet hour" for customers with autism to make it easier for them to shop.
Ten years ago, David Barrett was working as a child protection officer in Lebanon, when the country was devastated by the civil war.
A Google-owned artificial intelligence system has become the first to master complex video games, according to researchers.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his £52m takeover of Championship club Aston Villa.
Brazil was not told of a threat to attack the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro last year, a French general has said.
Hibernian have signed Danny Swanson from St Johnstone for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The European Union is struggling to find a solution to the migrant crisis, as hundreds of thousands of people continue to arrive in Europe each month.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed a petrol engine that ignites spontaneously, in what it says is the world's first such engine.
A man has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace's mascot Kayla the Eagle at a FA Cup match at Selhurst Park.
Guatemala's former army chief, General Efrain Rios Montt, has been declared mentally incompetent by a medical examiner.
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go fans not to try to use its A&E unit to play the augmented reality game.
Newcastle Falcons have signed former Leicester Tigers and Toulouse fly-half Toby Flood on a free transfer.
Nadia is one of the UK's fastest-rising female MCs, and has just signed a record deal with record label Def Jam.
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury and end a run of three straight League One defeats.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after successfully docking with the country's first space station, completing a six-day mission.
The chairman of a group which restored Cardigan Castle has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution", he has said.
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with an extremist far-right gunman, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended the targeting of Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton in Saturday's Six Nations match, saying it is part of the game.
Johnston Press, the publisher of The Scotsman and the i newspaper, has reported a rise in annual profits despite a fall in revenues.
Prime Minister David Cameron's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted, just three months after it was opened by the prime minister.
A campaign to raise £100,000 to fund legal action against former Prime Minister Tony Blair and others involved in the Iraq War has reached its target.
China's Ma Qingjian beat defending champion Zhang Ze of China 4-1 to win the men's singles title at the Rio Olympics.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has become the first woman to complete an Ironman triathlon.
For many years, Philips was the world's biggest home entertainment company.
The final piece of hardware for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has passed its final test, paving the way for its launch in 2018.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU) despite the fact that it will not be able to force Morocco to accept independence for the disputed territory.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife, actress Amber Heard, have filed for divorce, according to US court papers.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country, according to two former internationals.
Police have said there were "no policing issues" during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries and Galloway.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has said the results of her party's survey of the public's views on independence will be published "once it has concluded".
A five-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has paid tribute to the blood donors who saved her life.
Comedian Caroline Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the portrayal of rape and murder in TV dramas, calling them "crime porn".
A shopping centre in east London that was at the centre of a multi-million pound loan default has been sold.
Angolans are celebrating the scrapping of controversial legislation that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on the internet.
Hungary is one of the largest countries in Central Europe, with a population of more than five million people, most of whom are Hungarians.
A woman's hair was set alight in a suspected arson attack at a McDonald's restaurant, police have said.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a controversial bill that would make it a crime to be gay.
Award-winning director Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of the upcoming film Gods of Egypt for apologising for casting "more diverse" actors in the film.
Wales have reached the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016 finals for the first time in their history after beating Northern Ireland 2-0 in their last group game.
A second teenager has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in south-east London in which she lost her unborn baby.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson is to star in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast, it has been announced.
Warrenpoint Town will look to extend their unbeaten league run to seven games when they host Dungannon Swifts at Ferney Park on Monday night.
Broadband penetration in Wales is not at the level it should be, a leading technology expert has said.
The parents of a mother-of-two who was stabbed to death in Italy in 2012 have said they are still waiting for answers about her death.
UK industrial output fell for the second month in a row in February, while the UK's trade deficit widened, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland say they are frustrated by what they see as the lack of progress at Stormont.
Swansea City midfielder Callum Grimes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further year.
A man has been charged with using a drone to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Gusts of up to 70mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Award-winning author Anil Ghosh has been giving Twitter users a tour of the official residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee.
The risk of a repeat of last year's flood which caused the collapse of a Grade II-listed bridge remains high, according to a report.
Ipswich Town have signed striker Ryan Moore from Bristol Rovers for an undisclosed fee and defender Lee Spence on a free transfer from MK Dons.
Worcestershire made a solid start to their reply to Glamorgan's first-innings total on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Chelmsford.
Iceland beat the Netherlands in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier in Reykjavik, while Italy beat Malta and Wales drew with Bosnia-Hercegovina.
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, two of the so-called Disappeared, have been formally identified by the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Adlington has opened a new £1.5m swimming and diving centre in Wrexham.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has announced plans to build more than 200 homes on the site of the city's former football stadium.
US department store chains Macy's and Kohl's and Nordstrom have reported a sharp fall in sales as consumers increasingly shop online.
A TV signal-based "radar" system could be used to track aircraft and other aircraft over the UK, according to the National Air Traffic Service (Nats).
More than 100 police forces are being investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) for alleged failures to investigate allegations of child sexual abuse.
Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Yann Kermorgant on loan from Ajax until the end of the season.
A gene defect linked to male infertility has been identified for the first time, according to scientists in France and the UK.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness and his wife Bernie have been taken to hospital following the birth of their second child.
Bats that have been causing "criminal damage" to an 11th Century church in North Yorkshire for 10 years are continuing to soil the building, Natural England has said.
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group over the killing of a young left-wing activist in Paris.
Tony Bellew has ruled out a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua, saying he is "far too good" for the Briton.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins is the second Welsh rugby player to be banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for doping.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the second year in a row with a hard-fought win over qualifier Ekaterina Falconi.
The number of people renting property in the UK is set to more than double in the next decade, according to surveyors.
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton defender Stephen Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault in connection with an alleged attack in Sunderland.
Plans for an energy storage scheme at an abandoned quarry in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Macclesfield's National League game against Dover has been postponed because of standing water on the playing surface.
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2-0 victory over England in Cardiff in 1986.
Stephen Hawking has joined a judging panel for a science experiment competition on the internet search site, Gumtree.
A man has been arrested in connection with a serious arson attack on a car in West Lothian.
A disabled man who has Crohn's disease has called for all 22 Welsh councils to be legally obliged to provide public toilets.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay after rejecting a new offer from the airline, the Unite union has said.
A suicide bomber who killed dozens of people in the Turkish capital Ankara last week was the son of a Kurdish militant, Turkish officials say.
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales.
An 83-year-old man has denied causing the death of a teenage netball player who was dragged underneath his car when it reversed over her at a petrol station.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than the closure of pits and pubs, a former UKIP MP has claimed.
A life-size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley.
The government has been accused of "disgraceful actions" over the pensions of firefighters in England who are due to go on strike in a dispute over the age of retirement.
Clashes between rival forces in the Libyan city of Benghazi have left at least six people dead and more than a dozen injured, medics say.
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £144,000 has told a court he did not agree with the practice of making personal injury claims.
I'm back at Wimbledon for the second week of the tournament after winning my first-round match against Andreas Seppi in straight sets on Sunday.
A 17th Century hand-written letter written by King Henry VIII has been revealed in a special episode of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus and OneWeb, the joint venture that wants to build the world's largest constellation of satellites, have begun assembling the first satellites for the project.
A three-year-old girl who went missing from her home in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost an appeal against his conviction for murder, which could lead to him being sent back to prison.
A court in Japan has given the go-ahead for the restart of two nuclear reactors that were closed after the Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first ever comedy festival is getting under way.
Former Manchester United and England midfielder Ed Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him to give a statement about being sexually abused as a child.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for revenge porn victims to be allowed to keep their names secret.
The head of India's film censor board has resigned over the apparent clearance of a controversial film starring a controversial religious guru.
Do you ever wonder if you're going to end up with a bad haircut?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down from the BBC's film show Claudia on Film 2016 at the end of the year, the corporation has announced.
More than a third of rail passengers may be paying too much for their journey, according to research by the rail regulator.
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff have taken part in a strike in a dispute over pay.
It's that time of year again - the time of the year when retailers are spending millions of pounds on adverts to get their messages across to their customers.
Scottish engineering firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based Dryco, a global provider of HVAC and moisture control services.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has praised Donald Trump's US election victory, saying there are "obvious similarities" between the two men.
Four men have been cautioned by police after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans on social media.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover 2-1 at Moss Rose.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed that the band are planning a world tour to mark their 50th anniversary.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Barnsley and Preston both missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they played out a goalless draw at Oakwell.
A US basketball player has been banned from playing in South Korea after being accused of fabricating her birth certificate to show she had a South Korean grandmother.
A new scheme to help parents pay for childcare costs in England and Wales will include parents who do not work, the government has said.
The site of the 2017 National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion will be chosen by the end of the year.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned after two years in charge of the Championship club.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who have been chosen to take part in a two-year experiment that will see them receive a basic income.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the second time in a week.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Pyrgos says it will be a "huge honour" to captain the team at the World Cup after being named as captain for the first time.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul have retaken Bazwaya, a town on the outskirts of the city, the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time since his foul-mouthed insult of the US leader at an Asean summit.
Taylor Swift says she was "shocked and in disbelief" when she found out she was mistaken for a lookalike of her on social media.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing higher but the Nasdaq and S&P 500 closing lower.
If you've ever watched a football match on TV, you'll know that the best summaries of a game are usually made up of just a few key moments.
Police are investigating after a human foot was found in a Bristol park for the third time in less than a month.
Plans to demolish three hotels to make way for a £100m development have been approved by councillors.
The Supreme Court in Pakistan has postponed the hearing of an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy against the Prophet Muhammad.
Waiting times for mental health patients in Wales are to be cut in half in a bid to improve access to treatment, the Welsh government has announced.
An Australian rugby union player has been charged with supplying cocaine with intent to supply in Queensland, Australia.
Former England all-rounder Gareth Lewis hopes his experience of life in prison will help young cricketers as he embarks on his first tour of the County Championship.
Kilmarnock's slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership were dented as they were beaten by Ross County at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at the RDS.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight for their African Champions League title after being held to a 2-2 draw by Ugandan champions KCCA in the first leg of their last-16 tie in South Africa.
A Cornish tin mine that featured in the BBC drama Poldark is to undergo a £1.5m revamp after 14 years of neglect.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused rival Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses, saying the Texas senator "stole" the contest.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after becoming the first Welsh athlete to win two Olympic silver medals at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a three-and-a-half-year deal after succeeding Roy Hodgson.
In the run-up to the general election, political impressionists were left to reflect on the losses they had suffered.
A letter written by DH Lewis to his then-girlfriend, who would later become his wife, has sold at auction for £3,000.
Loganair has completed the first stage of a £15m refurbishment programme for its fleet of Saab 340 aircraft.
Police are searching for a four-year-old girl who went missing from hospital after her family told medical staff her real name was Mashael Aldosari.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its 2015 results and shareholders' meeting as it continues to deal with the fallout from its emissions scandal.
Tens of thousands of people have gone on strike in India's Darjeeling hills in the north-eastern state of West Bengal to protest against a demand for a separate state.
Norwich City midfielder Yaya Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was like a "Yaya Toure goal" as he followed up his recent strike against Manchester United with one against his former club.
Great Britain's women produced their best performance of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4-3 win over New Zealand in their final match of the tournament.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf) just days after the body's former president Issa Hayatou was ousted.
Police are searching for a pensioner who has been missing from a Cardiff hospital for more than 24 hours.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's Test captain following Michael Clarke's decision to retire from international cricket following the Ashes defeat by England.
Partick Thistle's Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man who was found "lying in the road, under the influence" of alcohol with his trousers down has been given an unpaid work order.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Hector on a season-long loan deal.
The people of Yorkshire should have their own "White Rose Parliament", ex-cabinet minister David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead and Guiseley maintained their unbeaten starts to the season with a 1-1 draw at the International Stadium.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham defender Luke Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will have a "full debrief" with police and the organisers of Saturday's Orange Order parade after a sectarian song was sung at the event.
UK scientists are to carry out the first experiments in the world to edit human embryos, the country's fertility regulator has said.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in a thrilling one-day international in Melbourne to take a 4-0 lead in the series.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
The health service in England has been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks as the government tries to deal with the fallout from the Brexit vote.
The former leader of the Catholic Church in Northern Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue as a priest if he was in the position of Cardinal Sean Brady.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash which left two others seriously injured.
Army bomb disposal officers have carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle following a security alert in Edinburgh city centre.
The UK unemployment rate remained unchanged in the three months to June, at 7.8%, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Unilever, the world's biggest household goods maker, has reported a fall in sales for 2014, hit by slowing growth in emerging markets.
Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga fighters have been exposed to mustard gas during an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on their positions in northern Iraq, Kurdish officials say.
A man has been rescued after his car plunged into a reservoir following a police chase in Merseyside.
People in England can now check on the quality of care they receive at care homes on a government-run website.
An algorithm that will be able to make investment decisions on its own is being developed by a venture capital firm in the US.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered by a US jury to pay $70m (Â£53m) in damages to the family of a woman who died from a cancer caused by using its talcum powder.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in a sprint finish to claim victory for Cannondale.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's late equaliser earned Wycombe a point at Morecambe and kept them in the League Two play-off places.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be thief over the head with a bacon sandwich after she was robbed at knifepoint at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
All-Ireland club hurling champions Ruairí Óg Cushendall have been given the backing of one of the world's most famous film stars.
The parents of a three-year-old girl who died after being found unconscious on a bus have denied murdering her.
The Danish shipping giant Maersk has said it is "pleased" that the crew of a container ship seized off the Iranian coast on Tuesday are "safe and in good spirits".
Pedro has been released from hospital after suffering a broken nose in Chelsea's pre-season friendly against China on Saturday.
Three people have been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has held Cardiff South and Penarth, the biggest seat in Wales, in a by-election.
Campaigners have marched through the Lincolnshire Wolds in a protest against a planned wind farm near Theddlethorpe.
World leaders have begun the process of signing the Paris climate agreement, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of his wife was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, say researchers.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital in County Down is the highest in any health trust in Northern Ireland, according to new figures.
A 19-year-old man has been injured after being struck by a firework in north Belfast.
Nigel and Vicki Stevens live in the Spanish town of Benavista on the Costa del Sol.
Dozens of bottles of detergent known as "Vanish" have washed up on beaches in Cornwall.
Yeovil Town Ladies striker Sarah Heatherson has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A football fan from Northern Ireland has denied taking part in a racist chant during Saturday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness firm which won contracts worth more than £150,000.
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Oil & Gas have jumped by more than 90% after the company said its deal to buy E.On's UK North Sea assets had been amended.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the Premier Division as they came from behind to beat Bohemians 2-1 at the Showgrounds.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she allegedly shot at the tyres of a car being pursued by shoplifters.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable win at Bristol Rovers.
One of Pembrokeshire's largest bus companies is being put up for sale, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jordi Etxabeguren on a one-year contract.
India's capital, Delhi, has been enveloped in thick smog for the second night in a row as the country marks New Year's Eve.
Jose Fernandez, a pitcher for the Miami Marlins baseball team, was born in Havana, Cuba, to a Cuban father and an American mother.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between Sunni tribesmen and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada flight from Toronto to San Francisco came within 30m of crashing into four planes on a taxiway at San Francisco's airport, Canadian investigators have said.
Three Rotherham brothers have been jailed for a total of 18 years after being found guilty of a string of sex offences against girls as young as 12.
The House of Lords has warned that the UK's fishing industry could be at risk of being "marginalised" in the Brexit negotiations.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to give the UK concessions on free movement of people in the run-up to the EU referendum, BBC Newsnight has learned.
In the aftermath of the Westminster terror attack, the BBC's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers your questions.
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik on loan until the end of the season.
Rescue teams in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide that has killed at least 123 people in the south-western province of Antioquia.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested as part of the investigation into the London Bridge terror attack a week ago, police have said.
Former Spanish Football Federation president Angel Maria Villar has resigned from Uefa, the governing body of European football, following his arrest on corruption charges.
Plans to ban the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland could have a "massive" impact on animal displays in shopping centres and zoos, MSPs have heard.
A man with paranoid schizophrenia and anti-social personality disorder has been jailed for life for the murder of a healthcare assistant at a mental health unit.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a second suspected al-Qaeda fighter accused of involvement in the murder of Syrian government employees.
Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town to move back into the Championship play-off places.
A fuel additive has been linked to the high rupture rate of breast implants given to hundreds of thousands of women in Europe, according to a French TV report.
The Welsh Labour leader has told delegates at the party's conference in Cardiff that a Welsh Labour government would be "fighting for Wales in Westminster" and not "shouting from the sidelines".
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in 20 years, with a song in the Portuguese language, in Kiev, Ukraine.
Four Gloucestershire councillors fell asleep during a debate on children's services, a BBC film has revealed.
Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne lost out in a play-off to Italy's Francesco Molinari in the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
A record number of godwits have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree in the Western Isles.
Papers in China have condemned as "disastrous" a suggestion by the US secretary of state nominee that the US should block China's access to disputed territory.
The hunt for a large cat that sparked a major security alert in northern France on Thursday has been scaled back, officials say.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into the illegal use of malware to spy on people online.
Fifa's reform taskforce will not have an independent chairman, the organisation has confirmed.
A children's book written by the author of the It film adaptation has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award for the first time.
Nurses at Eastbourne General Hospital have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade services at the hospital and move them to Hastings.
Guinea has become the first country in the world to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century oil painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a campaign to save it raised more than £1m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72.
A pilot has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall has accused Millwall fans of "intimidation and intimidation" after a pitch invasion during their League One play-off final defeat.
The next stage of scrutiny of the Scotland Bill has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations between the Scottish and UK governments on the fiscal framework.
A Palestinian high court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections due to be held in the West Bank and Gaza next month.
Nigeria's former National Security Adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested in connection with an alleged $1.3bn (£1.1bn) arms deal, his lawyer says.
Georgia head coach Alexander Haig says his team want to be included in an expanded Six Nations, saying they have "outgrown" the current competition.
The family of a 70-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in South Lanarkshire have paid tribute to her.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the country's Hausa film industry after she was accused of going too far in a recent video.
House prices have risen faster in England than anywhere else in the UK, according to official figures.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres, one of the country's founding fathers, has died at the age of 93.
A project to celebrate the life and work of one of Scotland's most famous poets is to be launched in Strathnaver.
"We're the young people of Timbuktu, we can now dance and do whatever we want," says 22-year-old Ibrahim Toure, as he and his friends dance and sing in the centre of the Malian city.
A Merthyr Tydfil police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in a street attack.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after a six-year-old girl was bitten on the face during a drugs test, the Ministry of Justice has said.
In a remote corner of the Amazon rainforest in northern Peru, you might be forgiven for thinking that you are in the middle of a desert.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not yet have figures for the number of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors of celebrity memorabilia has died after a long illness.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for the Muslim community, a former senior police officer has told the BBC.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after losing their opening three matches at the European Championships.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors ended the week down more than 5% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data.
The Foreign Secretary has returned to Libya for the first time since the country's civil war ended in 2011 with the appointment of a UN-backed government.
George Clooney's plans to install CCTV cameras in the grounds of his Oxfordshire home have been opposed by a village council.
In the run-up to the general election on 8 June, we're bringing you a daily guide to the issues that matter to you.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said an exit from the European Union (EU) would make policing in Northern Ireland "more complicated and more costly".
Stephen Keshi has signed a new three-year contract to return as Nigeria coach for a second time.
South Africa completed a 3-0 Twenty20 series whitewash over England with a stunning eight-wicket victory in their final match of the tour.
Lille defender Souleymane Bissouma has signed a new two-year contract with the French Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester for one of the city's largest Diwali celebrations.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory in Bloemfontein has had its accreditation revoked by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A Channel Islands lifeboat station has been taken off service after a volunteer was asked to stand down by the RNLI.
Virat Kohli's India will take on Pakistan in Sunday's Champions Trophy final at the Waca in London.
A vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenage girl has been cleared of all charges.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea oil and gas industry are to resume next week, it has been announced.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A man has admitted ordering a taxi driver to rob a bank while wearing a fake Polish accent and carrying a fake bomb.
A Labour peer who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the party has been appointed to the House of Lords by Jeremy Corbyn.
When I first met the man who claims to be the creator of the Bitcoin virtual currency, I was at a conference in London called the Bitcoin Conference.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed by a car in Manchester.
A consultation into the future of maternity services in Wrexham and Denbighshire has been launched.
A hacking group believed to be based in North Korea is believed to have been behind the global ransomware attack that hit organisations around the world in May, the BBC has learned.
Powys council has taken on the role of the former Office of Fair Trading (OFT) for estate agents in Powys.
They are two of the most decorated British Olympians of all time, but what makes Laura Trott and Jason Kenny so special?
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has found evidence that at least 6,800 people who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to military hospitals in Syria were tortured and killed.
The Northern Ireland secretary of state has been criticised for failing to take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has launched an investigation into an incident in which a club official appeared to strike the head of Tunisian referee Mohamed Otogo-Castane.
The sign reads "JOBS" and the Republican candidate for president is holding a sign that reads "jobs, jobs, jobs".
Gaia Vince has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about the impact of humans on the Earth.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters in the Thai capital, Bangkok, are staging a third day of protests, calling for the government to step down ahead of elections due on 2 February.
A man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a 92-year-old woman who was run over by her own car.
The Scottish government will not be able to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD) for direct long-haul flights from Scottish airports for now, despite calls for the tax to be devolved.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team for the 2017 summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have blown up an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq, according to satellite images released by the US-led coalition fighting the group.
There is no significant difference in the risk of suicide between veterans and non-veterans, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to social care services, a report says.
James Anderson has hit back at criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan after Geoffrey Boycott said he was "not as good as he thinks he is".
One of Scotland's most famous landmarks is set to become the new home of Peter Pan.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyrraedd y pedwerydd safle ar y 10 uchaf ar draws y byd, gyda Choquequirao ym Mheriw ar y brig.
The NHS is being used as "a guinea pig for further creeping privatisation", the Green Party's parliamentary candidate for Newcastle-under-Lyme has claimed.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m by the UK's competition watchdog for paying out millions of pounds in illegal payments to competitors.
The founder of Italian football club AC Milan should be honoured in his home city of Nottingham, a writer has said.
A case of bird flu has been found at a farm in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has confirmed.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van while working on a road in Devon.
A security contractor with a criminal record was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama in a government building with a gun, US media report.
Bydd Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Ynys Môn yn cael ei chynnal rhwng 5-12 o Awst wedi dweud eu swyddogion hwy ynghyd â Chy
The former leader of Myanmar's main opposition party, Shwe Mann, has met the country's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, reports say.
Prosecutors have decided there is not enough evidence to bring charges against a forest hunt group accused of deliberately killing a fox, the BBC has learned.
John Boehner, the US House of Representatives Speaker who has been known to cry at a number of public events, has announced he will step down from Congress at the end of October.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the latest in a series of high-profile visits to the US by the country's most powerful leader since he took office in May 2014.
Keith Hellawell, the chairman of Sports Direct, has said he will not stand for re-election as chairman in next year's annual general meeting.
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking, according to a Canadian public broadcaster.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said it is ready to help Libya's UN-backed unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) by training and equipping its forces.
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations of illegal payments to senior members of the party.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have held historic talks in Dhaka, but failed to reach agreement on a number of key issues.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer who thought his abuser was dead until he found his obituary.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "not on Zlatan Ibrahimovic's case" and has ruled out a move for the striker.
Four foreign tourists who stripped off on a Malaysian mountain and caused an earthquake have been released from jail after being sentenced for public indecency.
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot in the UK box office for a second week, with Mila Kunis' latest release edging out Suicide Squad.
The proportion of women in the UK having a Caesarean section is higher than anywhere else in the European Union, according to a study.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended following an investigation into allegations of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships has been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club, keeping him at the club until 2019.
Mae cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy gyfrwng y Gymraeg yn yr ysgol yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu
Welshman Mark Williams has been handed a place in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship, which starts on Saturday.
Three people have been charged after a protest against plans to build a new runway at Heathrow Airport.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Nasser Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta.
A former Gloucestershire Police community support officer has been jailed for having sex with women he met through the force's social work unit.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival, it has been announced.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has not yet received the travel documents he needs to leave Russia, his lawyer has said, contradicting earlier reports.
Norwich City assistant manager Steve Money is to leave the Championship club at the end of the season.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country will not hesitate to take action against Israel if there is a threat to its security in the Middle East.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized on a river in Surrey.
A fountain in memory of Czech and Slovak soldiers who carried out a daring World War Two air raid on Nazi Germany has been restored after a £10,000 fundraising campaign.
The organisers of a year-long cultural festival in Hull have said they have raised more than £30m for events in the city.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict.
Austria has said it will halve the number of asylum-seekers it takes in as it tries to ease the migrant crisis in Europe.
International investigators looking into the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine say they have found missile parts in the area.
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was refused permission to become a foster carer because he had been investigated for inappropriate behaviour with children in 2005, a report has revealed.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia is set to have a bone marrow transplant after being treated in the US.
The fossilised remains of one of the world's oldest pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge in Essex have been "completely open and transparent", the chief executive of Essex County Council has said.
Chelsea are back at the top of the Premier League table and Antonio Conte is leading the way as the Blues' new manager.
Olympic silver medallist Jack Burnell won the men's 100m backstroke at the British Swimming Championships in London.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) will not have the support of the Ulster Unionists at the Northern Ireland Executive.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Nelson and Hartlepool United striker Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during the Premier League match between Leicester City and Aston Villa on Saturday.
Three members of staff have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool at a private school.
Emma Croker will make her first Six Nations start for England women after being named in the starting XV to face Ireland on Saturday.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night.
Debris from a wood on the banks of Loch Ness could have been the source of one of the most famous sightings of the Loch Ness Monster, it has been claimed.
Growth in the UK economy slowed in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures, but remained higher than in the first three months of 2015.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed after it was damaged by a falling tree.
Mauritius police have seized heroin with an estimated street value of more than $1m (Â£700,000) from one of the country's top footballers, Jean Leopold.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to a dominant victory in a Mercedes one-two at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst's autobiography is to be published next year, Penguin Books has announced.
Aberdeen chairman David Milne has said the club will continue to press ahead with plans for a new stadium in Aberdeen.
Two dogs taken in by an animal sanctuary after their owner was killed in a motorbike crash in Snowdonia have found new owners.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a three-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a crash in which seven people were injured.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Staffordshire.
Arsenal Ladies have extended the contract of Ivory Coast international midfielder Carli Lloyd until the end of the season.
A gym which closed its doors to the public last month is set to reopen in time for the Easter holidays.
Benedetto Morricone says he was "flattered" to be asked to score Quentin Tarantino's new Western The Hateful Eight, despite previously saying the director was "too violent and too ghastly".
Nigeria's Isaac Dasaolu secured his place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 100m at the British Championships in London.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report by a leading charity.
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 200 jobs at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle.
New Leicester Lions owner Steve Bates says he hopes to have a new team in place by the start of the new season.
A man has died after being found with serious head injuries at an industrial estate in Nottinghamshire.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl has been remanded in custody at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man who was attacked with an axe and knife a year ago have renewed their appeal for witnesses.
Contractors who use racist language and use unauthorised restraint techniques on deportation flights should be sacked, a group of MPs has said.
A Ugandan scientist has developed a new approach to understanding the causes of breast cancer, which she says could lead to a new treatment for the disease.
Early treatment of people with HIV can halve the risk of Aids, a major study has found.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder David McAllister on a one-year deal.
Farmers in England will be able to clear ditches up to 1.5km (1.1 miles) in length from April under new government plans to reduce the risk of flooding.
A man dubbed the "Fred Flintstone" of Europe's Strongest Man has won the title for the second year in a row.
More than 5,000 people in the UK were conned out of their holiday money last year by travel-related scams, figures from Action Fraud show.
Ofsted inspectors have found a lack of respect for women at some private Muslim and Christian schools.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner as their overseas player for the 2017 season.
West Ham Ladies have signed a new five-year deal with the club, which will see the women's team play in the FA Women's Premier League from next season.
The lack of opportunities for young people from poorer backgrounds in the arts in England is contributing to a "diversity crisis" on our stages and screens, a report by a Labour MP has said.
Southampton progressed to the second round of the EFL Cup with a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Ex-Al Ahli boss Kevin O'Leary has been awarded £1.5m in compensation after Fifa rejected his claim for unfair dismissal from the club.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been charged with failing drugs tests by the country's anti-doping authorities, including two Olympic medallists.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for 12 years.
Mexican footballer Javier Pulido, who was kidnapped on Saturday, called an emergency number on his mobile phone and threatened his kidnapper while on the phone, officials say.
Leicester City's poor start to the Premier League season continued as they were beaten by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium.
Uefa president Michel Platini is to appeal against his six-month ban from football's world governing body Fifa after being found guilty of corruption by its ethics committee.
The airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year in October.
Plans to create a new unitary authority in the Cotswolds could lead to the "end" of police services in the area, a police and crime commissioner has said.
A council has warned it faces a £134m increase in the amount of cuts it will need to make by 2019, up from £123m it predicted in 2014.
Goldman Sachs will no longer conduct face-to-face interviews with college students as part of its recruitment process.
Liverpool maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season as they came from behind to beat Leicester City in front of a record crowd at Anfield.
Gloucester reached their second European Champions Cup final in three years with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle at Kingsholm.
A couple have become the first in New Zealand to marry under the Pastafarian religion, which believes that humans evolved from pirates.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged two members of Russia's FSB intelligence agency with hacking into Yahoo accounts and stealing data on up to 30 million accounts.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called on Premier League clubs to set up their own in-house ticket exchange to stop fans being "duped" by overseas firms.
The chief executive of infidelity dating website Ashley Madison has had his emails leaked online, according to security experts.
The population of Northern Ireland is expected to rise by more than 400,000 between mid-2014 and mid-2039, according to a new report.
Conor Thomas scored a stoppage-time winner as Swindon came from behind to beat Millwall at the County Ground.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who was reported missing in May have launched a national appeal for information about his disappearance.
A lorry carrying wind turbine parts has ended up in a ditch on a country road in southern Scotland.
Artificial intelligence (AI) software has been trained to diagnose skin cancer at the level of board-certified dermatologists, according to US researchers.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's opening Premier League game of the season against Tottenham, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been given a 12-month conditional discharge for drink-driving.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to severe flooding.
An orphaned golden eagle has been released back into the wild after being rescued in the Vale of Glamorgan.
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has had a stent inserted after suffering a heart attack.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the 70th anniversary of VJ Day.
Tributes have been paid to a boxer who died after being knocked out in an unlicensed fight.
Rescue workers in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where dozens of people died in a landslide on Monday, have begun burying the bodies of the victims.
Venezuela and Cuba are in the midst of one of the worst economic crises in the history of Latin America.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years to allow work to be carried out on the tower.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side "deserved" to win Saturday's 1-1 draw at Real Madrid despite Luka Modric's late equaliser.
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was shot by hounds at a hunt in North Lanarkshire.
A former purchasing manager who defrauded his employer out of more than £100,000 has been ordered to pay back £115,000.
Russia's agriculture minister has dismissed the idea of a European ban on the import of Russian wine as "ridiculous".
The family of a British man detained in India for more than a year have said they are "devastated" after the Supreme Court postponed the hearing of their case.
The number of nursing and midwifery vacancies in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a quarter in the past year, according to official figures.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched his other son in the stomach at the same time, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for the wreck of HMS Coventry after the warship was sunk in the Falklands 30 years ago has spoken of the "near misses" and near misses he had while working on the mission.
Wales' first wave and tidal energy demonstration zones have been approved by the Welsh government.
Jockey AP McCoy ended his 20-year career on a high as he was presented with the champion jockey's trophy on the final day of the Cheltenham Festival.
A judge has ruled that Jet2 must pay compensation to passengers who were delayed for more than seven hours after technical problems on one of its flights.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spied on her mobile phone are "grave" and that "new trust" must be restored between the two countries.
Swansea City's Under-21s have won the Championship title for the second time in three years after beating Reading in the final of the EFL Trophy.
Plans to turn part of a major road into a dual carriageway near Stonehenge could "undermine" the ancient monument, an MP has warned.
Andy Burnham has said he has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" the Labour leadership contest, after the final round of voting.
The prime minister has said the Conservatives will not cut the top rate of income tax for those earning over £150,000 if they win the election.
Aung San Suu Kyi's failure to condemn the "mass atrocities" being committed against Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority is an outrage, say human rights activists.
In the past, inheritance tax (IHT) was seen as something of an afterthought for many people.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy a stockbroking business from Brewin Dolphin, as part of plans to expand its savings division.
The BBC World Service is to get 11 new languages as part of a £289m investment, the corporation has announced.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a multi-million pound insurance fraud involving car and bus collisions.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning during his son-in-law's wedding ceremony.
Children under three years old who play with touchscreens are less likely to sleep well at night, according to the first study of its kind.
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of fly-half Laurence Pope, scrum-half Alex May and full-back Tom Moyle until the end of the season.
Two teenagers who died in a crash in Cumbria have been named by police.
More than 18 out of 22 councils in Wales are broadcasting their council meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Kurtley Beale scored two tries as Wasps moved into the Premiership's top four with victory over Bath at the Ricoh Arena.
Ricky Gervais' wife Nikki has been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe on the internet.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to appear in court in connection with a motoring offence.
Somalia's government has released a video purporting to show the moment a suspected suicide bomber blew himself up on a Daallo Airlines flight to Djibouti last week, killing all 74 people on board.
Argentina's new president-elect, Mauricio Macri, has made his first public appearance since Sunday night's historic election victory rally in Buenos Aires.
The mother of a man accused of murdering an elderly cyclist has told a court she feared for her son's safety after he told her he had killed someone.
Investors are being asked to buy shares in a Grade II-listed pier damaged by fire in 2010 in a bid to raise £300,000 for its restoration.
Microsoft has admitted that it searched a blogger's Hotmail account in order to find out the identity of a former employee.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Minister Ken Skates has been told by Network Rail.
A man has died in hospital following a crash in County Antrim.
A statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes has been removed from the campus of a top South African university after weeks of protests by students.
Newport County boss Graham Westley's criticism of the state of the Rodney Parade pitch has been criticised by the club's chairman Gareth Davies.
A record 66.6% of Welsh pupils have achieved A* to C grades in their GCSEs, according to the latest results.
The 50th anniversary of East Midlands Airport has been marked with a party to mark its 50th birthday.
The UK is "not a safe haven" for fugitives from the UK who have fled to Spain, police have warned.
British number two Andy Murray's team-mate Jamie Sears has been fined $10,000 (£6,000) by Wimbledon for swearing during the tournament.
Boat owners have been warned by Jersey's Environment Department about the dangers posed by visitors to the island's coral reefs.
People in Wrexham are being asked to come up with a name for a new prison which will be built in the town.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Tawe in Cumbria.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog at a house in Gateshead.
A man accused of removing an electronic monitoring tag from his ankle in an attempt to take his dog for a morning walk has been refused bail.
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" by Tata Steel's management buyout offer, saying it sends the "right message" to the industry.
A man who uses a horse-drawn car to get into a McDonald's drive-thru has said he will stay on the car park until the issue is resolved.
Valencia's winless run in La Liga extended to eight games as Diego Sanabria's second-half penalty gave Atletico Madrid victory and left Gary Neville's side bottom of the table.
A judge in Brazil has found a rancher guilty of the murder of a conservationist who was shot dead during a land dispute in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet may be more effective at losing weight than a low-carb one, according to US scientists.
A prison criticised for high levels of violence and suicides has been told to make "significant improvements" by inspectors.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain team for the European Indoor Championships in Serbia, where she will attempt to add to her three British indoor records.
The future of the NHS in Wales will be a key issue in the general election campaign, the parties have said.
Hospitals across Scotland are spending an average of £3.18 per day on meals and snacks for patients, according to new figures.
Apple has forecast a fall in revenues for the next three months after it reported flat sales of iPhones in the three months to the end of December.
A British trader accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market has appeared in court in London charged with fraud and money laundering.
Great Britain will play Argentina in the semi-finals of the Davis Cup at Wimbledon for the second year in a row.
An Australian police officer has been sacked after a security check on Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney International Airport.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial estate in Edenderry, County Armagh.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Riki van der Nerwe on a two-year contract.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to flee their homes as a wildfire in California continues to burn out of control, officials say.
Aberdeen-based gas compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised £1.5m in funding to expand its operations in Edinburgh.
The Bank of Scotland has launched a new plastic version of its £5 note, which features images of the Forth Bridge on the front and back.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich.
In the summer of 2014, Dutee Chand was one of the brightest stars of Indian sport.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized more than 160 kilos of herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of more than €10m (£7.5m) in an operation in the west of the country.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called the European Union "crazy" and said the bloc should change its policy towards Israel.
A business leader has called for Cardiff International Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a woman found dead in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
UCI president Brian Cookson says he is "not trying to dodge any of his responsibility" for the "lacking" of governance at British Cycling.
BBC Scotland will be hosting an election debate with six of Scotland's main political parties later.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British press of "bias, prejudices and attacks" against his country during a speech in the City of London.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by more than 20% from next year.
Relatives of two World War One soldiers whose bodies were found in Belgium more than 100 years ago have been reunited with their loved ones at a ceremony in Belgium.
Mae cynllun peilot yng Nghwm Cynon a Chastell-nedd wedi gwella cyfraddau goresgyn canser gwasanaeth iechyd yn Nenmarc ar ôl i feddygon ymwe
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud mai'r nod yw "darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol" wrth adael yr Undeb E
The Ministry of Defence is to release land at 13 military sites in England and Wales for the construction of 12,500 new homes, the government has announced.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge twice came from behind to earn a draw against Wycombe Wanderers and move out of the League Two relegation zone.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 71 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to complete a 3-0 Twenty20 series whitewash at Taunton.
A chameleon that was found in a Cardiff park has been put down after being abandoned and neglected by its owners.
The organisers of this year's T in the Park music festival have announced a major revamp of the campsite ahead of the event.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been extended to a new area of the Indian Ocean after a Chinese fishing boat redetected an acoustic signal, Australian officials say.
If you've ever struggled with depression, you'll know it can be hard to find someone to talk to.
A look back at some of the top stories from the world of entertainment over the weekend.
Tributes have been paid to a Wasps rugby coach who died in a car crash in Fife.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson on a five-year contract.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Birmingham City striker Michael Vaughan on loan until the end of the season.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
AFC Wimbledon, Hartlepool United and Bristol City are among the football clubs to announce plans to make a film about their history on Friday morning.
When the first World Cup was held in India in 1954, the country's cricket-loving population was still largely dominated by cricket, and the sport was largely ignored by the rest of the world.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City's 2-1 win over Aston Villa was "fantastic for the team" after a "hard few weeks" for the club.
Mick Fanning won the World Surf League (WSL) Pipe Masters title on the final day of competition in Hawaii, just hours after learning his brother Peter had died.
Dutchman Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second year in a row.
Greece is one of the biggest economies in Europe, but it's been in trouble for a long time.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun following a security alert in south London.
Fifa's annual congress is taking place in Zurich this week and delegates from around the world are expected to hear about the corruption scandal engulfing football's world governing body.
The only "sensible plan" for the HS2 project is to abandon plans to redevelop Euston station altogether, an MP has said.
Plans for more than 700 student accommodation in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the High Court for planning permission.
The amount of money spent on film production in the UK reached an all-time high last year, according to figures from the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms are to host a series of concerts featuring the work of more than 1,000 primary school pupils from across Wales.
Britain's first Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m since 1993 has broken the British record for the first time.
Argentina progressed to the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup with a 4-0 win over Guinea in South Korea on Wednesday.
Six teenagers who stole mopeds and cars at knifepoint in a series of armed robberies have been jailed.
Dundee Football Club's American owner has confirmed that the club is planning to build a new stadium on land near the club's Dens Park ground.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles with victory over elder sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders actor Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards for his role as Mick Carter in the BBC One soap.
Councillors are to discuss a range of infrastructure projects as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal later.
The Green Party of Wales has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans are being drawn up to improve the appearance of a Birmingham park bought by Crown Estates.
David Coetzer believes Scotland will be in a strong position when they face Afghanistan in the first of a two-match one-day series in Edinburgh this week.
The childhood home of John Lennon has been sold at auction for £250,000 - more than three times its guide price.
A World War One medal found in a field in Gwynedd has been reunited with the family of a soldier who served in the conflict.
The mother of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years after he died has said she is "devastated" his family has been left out of the loop.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has said he is "devastated" by the injury suffered by new signing Jordan Houghton in training on Friday.
Mainland Chinese shares have fallen for a third day in a row, dragged down by a sharp fall in the Shanghai Composite index.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets scrum-half Scott Williams.
A crane has been used to remove drugs and mobile phones from the roof of a prison after they became lodged on the roof.
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to their "legendary" loved ones.
Two former prison officers have found a way to help ex-offenders find work in jails across England and Wales.
Mexican investigators have begun exhuming the remains of more than 100 people found buried in a mass grave in the western state of Morelos.
Ecologists are warning that many species of animal and plant are at risk of extinction because of global warming.
Plans to build a new motorway on protected land in the Gwent Levels would have an "adverse impact" on rare species, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and kept interest rates unchanged.
Prime Minister Theresa May has received a letter from the chairman of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire which killed at least 80 people, Downing Street has said.
A German man working for the country's foreign intelligence service has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German prosecutors say.
Two performances of Matilda have been cancelled at the Royal Shakespeare Company's West End theatre after the actress playing the title role became ill.
Drivers are being "over-zealous" in their use of private car parks in Scotland, according to Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS).
Labour has won Cardiff North in the general election, beating the Conservatives by more than 2,000 votes.
Eurozone finance ministers have backed Greece's pro-bailout New Democracy party, which has won Sunday's election and is expected to form a government.
Is Opec, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), the group of oil producers that includes Saudi Arabia, Russia, Iran, Iraq, Nigeria and Libya, about to get its act together?
Switzerland striker Zeljko Mehmedi says too much attention is focused on Lionel Messi as his side prepare to face Argentina at the World Cup on Thursday.
David Cameron's visit to the Vale of Glamorgan today was the prime minister's second visit to Wales this year.
No charges will be brought against a man accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl at an Aberdeen cadet base.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and re-signed midfielder Ryan McAllister on a one-month loan deal.
An Indian film festival has been refused permission to show a documentary about caste in the meat industry because it dealt with the issue of beef, the director of the festival has said.
Archaeologists have pieced together fragments of stone flooring from the ruins of a former Jewish temple in Jerusalem that they say could have been part of a temple that once stood at one of the world's holiest sites.
Salmon was the biggest single export from the UK to the European Union in the first half of the year, according to industry figures.
Oxford United Under-21s will host Championship side Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy.
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing £10,000 from a cancer charity.
Young adults are the most common victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new report.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a 23-year-old man was found at a house in Edinburgh.
More than 1,000 people have been charged in connection with public order-related incidents since the start of Operation Titan, the PSNI has said.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to charges relating to cyber attacks on the parenting website Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her two children found stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters across Wales will go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred local authority for the next four years.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his extensive collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas.
Castleford Tigers scored nine tries in the second half to thrash Wakefield Trinity and secure a top-eight finish in Super League.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United's battle to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership will go down to the final day of the season.
A "bull-headed" iguana has spent three months living on top of a tree in Suffolk.
One of the biggest music awards in the world is about to take place.
The main structure of Europe's next-generation star-hunting satellite has been moved to its new home in the UK.
A female Uber employee has accused the ride-sharing company of sexism, saying she was propositioned for sex by one of its managers.
Manchester United have failed to complete the signing of Spain goalkeeper David de Gea from Manchester United to Real Madrid before Monday's transfer deadline.
The US Department of Homeland Security is expected to announce this week that it is going to ban laptops and other electronic devices from the cabin on all flights to and from Europe.
Details of the prime minister's office and the chancellery in Brussels have been found on a computer belonging to one of the bombers who killed 32 people in last week's attacks, Belgian media report.
The death of a watermelon farmer in China has sparked outrage after he was allegedly crushed to death by local law enforcers, state media report.
Women's Champions League winners Ajax Ladies have signed Netherlands international midfielder Angharad Middag from Dutch champions Ajax on a three-year deal.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has said he is "all good" after suffering an eye injury in a pre-season friendly on Saturday.
Danny Hylton's header rescued a point for Luton Town as they drew 1-1 at home to Exeter in League Two.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album of previously unreleased tracks, following the success of his 2015 album To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have turned out to see the giant ice sculptures that have been created for this year's Ice and Snow Festival in Berlin, Germany.
Manchester City Council bosses are set to receive pay rises of up to 20% as part of a review of their salaries.
A Canadian bill that would change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to make them more gender-neutral has passed its first parliamentary hurdle.
A former Michigan State University (MSU) doctor accused of sexually abusing young gymnasts has been ordered to stand trial on child sexual assault charges.
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque in her home city of Derby.
Tributes have been paid to five British people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of British Columbia in Canada.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major title with a three-shot victory at the US Women's Open in Hawaii.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has completed his move to Hannover 96 on a free transfer.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend to death in a jealous rage has been jailed for life for his murder.
Tony Andreu missed a late penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers played out a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits for the three months to the end of June as it continues to be hit by restructuring costs.
Sales at Argos have fallen for the second quarter in a row as the company behind the supermarket Sainsbury's bid for the retailer continues to struggle.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the lessons of the Arab Spring and the lessons that can be learned from Syria's civil war.
Natalie Hill's career as a backing singer has seen her work with some of the biggest names in pop and rock history.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in the Gran Fondo cycling event in Plymouth.
Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala are hunting for the killers of a Muslim woman who was killed in an attack at her office in the city of Chittoor.
A man who seriously injured a police officer when he was hit by a stolen car while trying to stop it has been jailed for seven years.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Skye.
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend has told a court she did not contact police because she feared he would kill her.
A collection of Victorian and Edwardian prams and other memorabilia from a family-run company has sold for more than £6,000 at auction.
A six-month jail sentence for a motorcyclist who killed a cyclist has been described as "insulting" by a road safety charity.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by nine wickets to win the One-Day Cup for the first time since 2009 after being set a target of 263 to win at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be investigated by police for sexting, the BBC has learned.
A man who sent a hoax bomb threat to Bristol Airport has been jailed for three years and four months.
England produced a stunning display of batting and bowling to put themselves in a commanding position on day three of the first Test against Australia in Cardiff.
Huddersfield Giants half-back Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with lithium-ion batteries that they say can last up to three days between charges.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has classed processed meat as one of the most dangerous agents of cancer, along with tobacco, alcohol and plutonium.
 conductors on the Southern rail network are to stage three days of strike action in a row over changes to the role of conductors.
A new dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed the UK's offer to EU citizens in the UK on their rights after Brexit, saying it was a "good start".
South Korea's Kim In-kyung birdied the final hole to beat compatriot Carlota Ciganda in a play-off and win the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Mexico.
An Italian gay rights group is taking legal action against a party after it used a photo of a Nottingham teenager who took his own life to promote a campaign against gender teaching in schools on a leaflet.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has missed out on a second successive bouldering world title after finishing second at the second event of the season in China.
Dairy Crest is to sell its loss-making UK dairies business in a move to focus on its cheese and spreads business.
Spending by consumers in the UK is starting to "splutter", according to the credit card company Visa.
A disabled man who was hit by a train door while trying to get off a train at Bodmin Parkway in Cornwall has spoken of his "horrible and frightening" experience.
A fountain in a Berkshire town which was turned off due to the hosepipe ban is to be turned back on in time for the Olympic Games.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to become the first Briton to go into space on Tuesday.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the leg in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso held off a late challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and McLaren's Jenson Button to win the Spanish Grand Prix.
At least 11 people have been killed in floods and mudslides following heavy rain in Japan, the government has said.
If you're not at work catching up when you think the boss isn't looking, you're quite likely to be on the sofa in front of the television.
Kilmarnock have ended the loan spells of teenage duo Liam Waddington and Callum Davies after just one day at Rugby Park.
A record number of seal pups have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve, with conservationists predicting another record-breaking year on the cards.
The population of one of the world's rarest gibbons has crashed in China over the past 150 years, according to new research.
MPs have voted to approve the government's plan to raise VAT from 20% to 20% by a majority of more than 300, despite opposition attempts to block the move.
The threat to the Welsh economy runs "far deeper" than the crisis in the steel industry, Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group, owner of Manchester City Football Club, has agreed to invest £500m in a new housing development in the city centre.
Liverpool will be looking for their first Premier League win of the season when they take on Chelsea at Anfield on Saturday.
England's Laura Robson won her second British National Squash Championship title with a straight-set victory over compatriot and fellow Briton Sophie Waters in the final in Birmingham.
That's why so many Labour MPs feared a miscalculation when their party's leader brought his old comrade David Miliband back into the party.
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to last year's hit animation Frozen, following the success of the first film.
Wembley will host the 2017 Women's FA Cup final for the second year in a row, with a record crowd of 32,912 expected.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday, saying it was a "serious violation" of a UN resolution.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Bolton Wanderers and move up to third in the Championship.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten half-century to put his side in a strong position on day three against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the Olympic long jump title at the Great North City Games in Newcastle to complete a successful season.
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "completely broken and devastated" by her death.
Dog poo is becoming a bigger problem on UK beaches than ever before, according to new research.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after being sent off in the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United on Saturday.
The final four members of an international gang have been found guilty of masterminding a series of raids on museums and auction houses in which artefacts worth up to £57m were stolen.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the lessons East African leaders are learning from their neighbours.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's largest international organisations, working for economic growth and development.
A Liverpool man has completed his second charity challenge by swimming the length of the River Mersey in a Speedo.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side need to change their "losing mentality" after their FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side were "not nearly good enough" in their 1872 Cup final defeat by Edinburgh at Scotstoun.
It was the famous Fairfield yard which took the Upper Clyde to great heights and worldwide prominence.
A man has told a court he was ordered to carry out an acid attack on his ex-girlfriend as part of a revenge porn campaign.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected by England manager Roy Hodgson to play for the national side, says former Arsenal striker Shaun Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
The inventor of Etch A Sketch, the toy that became one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died at the age of 89.
The government is to sell its stake in the UK's green investment bank as part of a plan to raise up to £1bn to pay down the deficit.
A solar-powered phone charging station is being rolled out in London's red telephone boxes in a bid to solve the problem of people running out of battery.
Samsung's decision to recall four million Galaxy Note 7s after a second batch of phones caught fire raises questions about the safety of its flagship smartphone, and how it plans to deal with the mountain of returned devices.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a further 12 counts of indecent assault against boys.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken another amazing picture of Mars from the surface of the red planet.
A health board has been accused of breaching confidentiality after a summary of an investigation into claims made by a Labour MP about her husband's death was made public.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools it has identified in the West Midlands.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial Aberdeen City Garden Project.
The life of one of the most decorated submariners of World War Two is to be commemorated at the home where he grew up in Dumfries and Galloway.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi will go on trial in Spain next year accused of tax fraud, a court in Barcelona has ruled.
Rangers will travel to League Two side Dunfermline Athletic in the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup after being drawn away to Hamilton Academical.
Hospital referrals could be suspended and IVF and gluten-free prescriptions could be cut under plans being considered by an NHS watchdog.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if asked to take charge of the US military in Afghanistan.
"Buddhism has changed my life," says Hsiao Ching-chun.
A garden for children at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Cardiff is to be officially opened later.
More than half of new mothers in Wales do not breastfeed their newborns, according to a survey of more than 1,000 people.
An Australian woman who travelled to Syria with her husband, who was killed fighting with so-called Islamic State, has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The European Union has agreed to create a single list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Nigeria defender Efe Ambrose has completed his move from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A warning has been issued after three walkers were seen attacking a rare bird of prey on the Isle of Wight.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Monday, with Bank of America leading the way after the bank reported better-than-expected profits.
Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to reach a deal on the future of the BHS pension scheme, the BBC has learned.
Scotland second row Leone Nakarawa will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season after agreeing to leave the Pro12 champions a year early.
Off-spinner Jeetan Patel has signed a one-year contract extension with Warwickshire, keeping him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
The number of women being diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise by 65% in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders have written to Prime Minister David Cameron calling for a re-evaluation of the government's defence review after the loss of the aircraft carrier Ark Royal.
Scientists are planning to drill down to the deepest part of the ocean floor in the world to see if there's life down there.
People would rather have something to do than to be left alone with their thoughts for even a brief period of time, a study suggests.
Two more people have been re-arrested in connection with a dog attack on a 15-year-old girl which left her with life-threatening injuries.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian killed in a suspected hit-and-run incident in south-east London.
Scientists in Taiwan have discovered how jumping spiders use their silk to control the way they jump.
Exeter Chiefs trio Tomas Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will have the support of new owner Francesco Becchetti as he prepares for his first season in charge of the League Two club.
It's that time of year again, when the new season gets under way and new players make their Premier League debuts.
A warning by Arlene Foster that there could be a "brutal" election in Northern Ireland if there is no deal to restore power-sharing makes the front page of the Belfast Telegraph.
Domino's Pizza Group, which owns the UK's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in profits for 2015, helped by a "massive increase" in online orders.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Hibernian and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a deal until the end of the season.
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, by Islamist militants, the prime minister has said.
The Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) leader, Jim Murphy, has said the party has been "overwhelmed" by the demands of the Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign.
US President Barack Obama's speech to the African Union (AU) in Nairobi was his last major speech on the continent before he leaves the White House.
Barry Farquhar has been released from hospital after being seriously injured in a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event in Coleraine.
There has been a rise in the number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales, with more than 100 incidents in the past year.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help to manage my medications and the ways that I deal with back pain and a sleep disorder".
The US and Russia have welcomed a cessation of hostilities in the Syrian city of Aleppo and called on all parties to "fully abide" by it.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will find out who they will face in the Champions League last 32 on Thursday when the draw for the last 32 takes place.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house while 11 people were in it, including four children.
The row between French President Francois Hollande and left-wing politicians over his proposal to strip convicted terrorists of their French nationality has exposed deep divisions in the country.
The Green Party in the UK has said it will scrap the tax on sanitary products if it wins the general election.
A cash machine has been blown up and a large amount of money stolen during an armed robbery at a pharmacy in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has been ordered by the Competition and Markets Authority to provide customers with separate quotes for insurance with no claims bonus protection.
South African prosecutors have begun an appeal against the acquittal of Oscar Pistorius of murder over the killing of his girlfriend.
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of trying to preserve a jihadist group in Syria as a "plan B" for changing the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A giant water slide has opened its doors to the public for the first time in Northern Ireland.
China has banned a high-profile documentary on air pollution made by a renowned investigative journalist, Chai Jing, just days after Premier Li Keqiang vowed to tackle the problem.
A man has been left badly shaken after he was threatened by a gang of masked men who broke into his home in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham and Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
The scale of sexual exploitation of children in England and Wales is "unprecedented", according to a report published by the government.
Edrington Distilleries has announced that Crawford Gillies is to succeed Alasdair Murray as chairman of the spirits firm.
(Close): The pound rose against the euro and the dollar on Tuesday after the Bank of England's decision to keep interest rates on hold.
The Afghan Taliban's new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has made his first public appearance since being elected, in an audio message released by the group.
Teenage off-spinner Luke Tongue produced a superb spell of bowling to help Worcestershire fight back against Glamorgan on day one of their Championship match at New Road.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a hit-and-run driver who failed to stop at a red light, a court has heard.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup in Russia with a knee injury.
The family of a man whose body was found in a lake after he went missing during a triathlon have raised more than £12,000 for charity.
Barcelona have paid more than 13m euros (£13.5m) in back taxes in relation to the signing of Neymar as part of an investigation into alleged tax fraud.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in the clean energy sector, according to a new table.
A temporary footbridge is to be built to replace a Grade II-listed road bridge in a North Yorkshire town damaged by Storm Desmond.
A non-league football team has returned to its home town for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has admitted illegally importing 50 stun guns that can be used as stun guns and batons.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller is to step down after more than two years in charge of the troubled airline.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a man was found with serious head injuries on the side of the road in West Lothian.
An Irish contestant on a reality TV show has been compared to an elephant after his tan was so bad it caused a social media storm.
Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, the front-runner in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, has become embroiled in a fresh controversy over his past.
Nigeria's former Fifa vice-president Samson Adamu says he is not aware that he is under investigation by the world football governing body.
Nigeria is home to some of the world's best-known artists, but many of them are struggling to make a living from their work.
The art of making maps of dark matter is in a golden age, according to the scientists at the European Southern Observatory (ESO).
Nigeria's senate has approved a bill that would make it a criminal offence to post abusive messages on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised to club physiotherapist Eva Carneiro and lost his job, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of suspected leaders of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
A cat called George has found a new home in a supermarket and he's getting used to it!
Armed men from the Libyan Coast Guard attacked a dinghy carrying migrants off the coast of Libya on Friday, a German humanitarian group has said.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in an explosion while on a Javelin missile patrol in Afghanistan.
UKIP spent more than three times as much on its European election campaign as the Conservatives, Labour, the Lib Dems and the Liberal Democrats, the Electoral Commission has revealed.
Hull KR have appointed ex-St Helens and St Helens back-rower Joe Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack outside a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid shows a "lack of understanding of what it takes to win the war", a senior Republican senator has said.
Have you ever wondered if it's possible to see snow in Bangalore, India?
A murder investigation has been launched after a pensioner was found dead and a woman was stabbed to death at a house in Cardiff.
The 2015 World Para-athletics Championships medal design has been unveiled ahead of this summer's World Championships in London.
Three months after a ban on the sale of so-called legal highs came into force in England and Wales, the number of shops selling the psychoactive substances has fallen by more than half, the Home Office has said.
This year's Astrophotography Photographer of the Year competition has attracted more than 1,000 entries.
Shares in some of the world's biggest companies have been trading for less than $123.47 after a glitch on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
A man has been jailed for 18 months for taking indecent images of women with his mobile phone under their skirts in public places.
Talks aimed at phasing out one of the world's biggest sources of greenhouse gases are under way in Rwanda.
The UK's biggest mobile phone operator, EE, has tested internet balloons and drones that can be used to beam internet connectivity to remote parts of the country.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's win over France sets up a "massive" Six Nations match against England at Twickenham next month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam for suggesting he supports the Islamic State (IS) group, saying it was a "misunderstanding".
Planning permission has been granted for a wind farm on Skye which could generate enough power for more than 23,000 homes.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they will not back the government's Brexit bill, which they claim is a "naked power-grab" by Westminster.
Ride-sharing service Uber has said it is losing more than $1bn (Â£700m) a year in China, according to reports.
Parents of children at a children's holiday camp accused of having indecent images of children will be able to claim a refund, the company's co-founder has said.
Canelo Alvarez says he is ready to fight middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin after his stunning victory over Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
A man who was killed when his light aircraft crashed at Strabane Airfield in County Tyrone on Saturday has been named locally as David McKnight.
Tributes have been paid to former England and Preston North End striker Sir Tom Finney, who has died at the age of 91 after a short illness.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Marvin Verheydt from Dutch club Maastricht for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
Medics missed four chances to save the life of a baby boy who died after his mother was turned away from a hospital because she was not dilated enough, an inquest has heard.
The government's proposed reforms to the UK's banking system "fall well short" of a key requirement of ring-fencing, a watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has died after being shot in the chest in Sheffield.
A second French tourist has died while snorkelling on an Australian reef in the space of three days.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a protein in spider venom that could be used to treat brain damage after a stroke.
Plans for a joint training college for the fire and prison services in Northern Ireland have been revised, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
It's a typical training session for a cricket match in Guyana - the ball is being bowled, the bowler is bowling and the batsman is fielding.
As part of BBC Radio Manchester's Tales of the 10, Andy Johnson, the father of terminally-ill seven-year-old Jack Johnson, explains why he set up a charity to help find a cure for his son's disease.
A woman jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries and Galloway castle owner has launched an appeal against her conviction and sentence.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost his sponsorships from Speedo, Ralph Lauren, Syneron-Candela and Airweave after admitting he lied about being robbed at gunpoint.
Hampshire were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship after Durham beat them by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to make any more signings ahead of the new Premier League season.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans for a new office development in the city centre.
Claire Smith, who was paralysed from the chest down after a fall while riding her horse in 2006, is taking part in the London marathon on Sunday.
The US justice department has accused the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office in California of failing to address "serious systemic deficiencies" in its jail system, including overcrowding and conditions for inmates.
A man from Sheffield has become the first person in the UK to have a cherry tree grow in his garden.
Armen Nalbandian is the latest tennis player to get into trouble at the ATP World Tour Finals.
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford has praised Luke Rowe's "incredible" effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a fossilised fossil of a coal-like fruit that dates back more than 4,000 years.
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will have to put his own stamp on the team when he takes charge of Hamilton Academical on Saturday, says Martin Canning.
Pace bowler Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston, which starts on Wednesday.
A European Space Agency (Esa) demonstrator spacecraft has successfully re-entered the Earth's atmosphere and landed in the Pacific Ocean.
The decision on the redevelopment of a Jersey high school has been put back by a month.
A court in Greece has found former Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a list of bank account holders leaked by an HSBC employee in 2010.
A hospital refused to pay £2,000 for a blackout blind for a patient because it did not meet fire and infection control regulations, a doctor has claimed.
Russia's opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement after being found guilty of corruption charges.
A man has been found guilty of raping a pensioner in her own home in south-west London.
The number of IVF cycles that couples in Scotland are entitled to on the NHS should be increased from one to three, a charity has said.
There is "insufficient capacity and capability" for hospitals in England and Wales to cope with rising demand at accident and emergency (A&E) departments, doctors say.
Trams have run for the first time on Manchester's new Second City Crossing as part of a test run ahead of the opening of a new tram stop.
US drugmaker Mylan has said it will launch a cheaper version of its EpiPen allergy treatment, following criticism of its recent price rises.
Britain's Kell Brook will have surgery on an eye injury sustained in his world title defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.
The Cardiff Half Marathon is to go ahead as planned, the city council has announced.
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie is worth a lot more than the £5m he was valued at when he joined the club in 2012.
Fishermen from other countries will be allowed to fish in UK waters after Brexit, Michael Gove has said.
An Indian soldier who was caught in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week has been taken off life support and is in a "comatose state", the army says.
The UK economy grew at an annual rate of 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Saturday's League One game between Wigan Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
The owners of a Poundland store damaged in an explosion have said they hope to reopen "as soon as possible" following the attack.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in West Lothian have appealed for three men seen in the area at the time of the attack to come forward.
Humberside's chief constable has written to head teachers urging them to allow police officers to take leave during school holidays.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Crete have begun a second search at a second site.
Ed Miliband has said he would not exclude himself from being prime minister by not talking to the SNP, as David Cameron urged voters to "vote for your preferred prime minister".
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots on Sunday, but American football has been at the centre of the nation's attention for the past few weeks.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his six-year-old granddaughter who was taken from his care and left to die in his care.
Jordan Williams scored twice as National League side Barrow came from behind to beat League Two Taunton Town and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has signed a two-year deal with Australian Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) would not welcome any proposal to transfer work or jobs from Newport to London, a union has said.
As Iraqi forces continue their offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul, the BBC's Yolande Knell meets Yazidi refugees living in refugee camps in the north-east of the country.
Australia batsman Michael Clarke dedicated his century on the second day of the first Test against South Africa to his team-mate Phillip Hughes, who died in November.
Bristol's main railway station is to remain closed to the disabled for the rest of the year, Great Western Railway has said.
Ukraine's postal service, Ukrposhta, has been hit by a cyber-attack, the company has confirmed.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as James Bond villain Q in Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 88.
Roma legend Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with the Serie A club.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the third one-day international to level the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the renegotiation of the UK's EU deal will have little impact on day-to-day business, according to a survey of its members.
An investigation has been launched after a double-decker bus caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate in central London.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite for the first time this year, according to reports.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to one of Scotland's most famous buildings.
The Scottish Conservative leader in the European Parliament, Alasdair Smith, has called on the European Union not to "let Scotland down now".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket after his final Test innings against India.
High winds and heavy rain have brought down trees and caused disruption to transport in parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has announced an aid package for Northern Ireland's farming industry, but there will be no increase in the milk intervention price.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha praised his side's battling qualities despite their 1-0 defeat by Hearts at Ibrox.
The first Japanese otter to be reintroduced into the wild in Japan in more than a century is due to arrive in Scotland later.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Emmanuel Llewellyn-Smith reflects on his experience of a peace fellowship in Bangkok.
A UKIP election candidate has apologised after appearing to question whether foreigners with HIV should be treated for free by the NHS.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season after eight years at the Nou Camp.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out what is known as a "stress test" on its Falcon rocket.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work in the country, the Metropolitan Police have said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra made his maiden first-class century to help his side draw with Hampshire in the One-Day Cup at Southampton.
UKIP's assembly group leader has been criticised by two former Welsh secretaries over plans to change the rules on assembly candidates who live outside Wales.
The Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell says he's angry the Conservatives haven't given out full costings for their manifesto.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season after three and a half years in charge, BBC Sport understands.
A prison has been placed in special measures after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record has been named by police.
The brother of a British man whose body was found on a Thai island last month has said his family are "devastated" by his death.
Women's Premier League side Arsenal Ladies have announced they are to change their name to 'Arsenal Women' from the start of the 2017-18 season.
Police have been granted more time to question a man arrested on suspicion of murder after a man's body was found in woodland in Surrey.
A British teacher who died of carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in China was killed by a gas leak, an inquest has heard.
A Conservative plan to force future UK governments to run a budget surplus when the economy is growing has been passed by the House of Commons, despite a U-turn by Labour.
Plans to mark the 50th anniversary of the oldest carnival in Europe have been announced.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his first appearance of the season following knee surgery.
A 19-year-old man has been extradited to the US and charged with terrorism offences, the US Department of Justice says.
Brighton came from two goals down to beat Ipswich Town and go top of the Championship for the first time this season.
Thieves have stolen a cash machine and a van in a ram-raid on a shop in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a missing junior doctor whose body was found in the sea said she was a "sweet, beautiful, kind, loving woman" who "will never be forgotten".
A record number of skiers and snowboarders have taken to the slopes in Scotland this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
The son of Jean McConville, who was murdered by the IRA in the 1970s, has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told him he was "getting a letter of support from the republican people" when he was questioned by police about the killing.
Have you ever wondered what you would do if you could move in with a giant dinosaur?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby who died after being found with head injuries.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) health minister, Edwin Poots, has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of the "stench" of the IRA's activities in Northern Ireland.
A 15-year-old girl who was raped and murdered by a man she met on Facebook was chased and pinned to the ground by another man after she tried to escape from his flat, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
Each of the main political parties in Wales will be publishing their manifestos for the general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been "very difficult" to sign the players he has been trying to sign this summer.
Blackpool missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a draw by Colchester at Bloomfield Road.
China is "committing to do something about" overcapacity in the steel industry, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after a battle with cancer at Durham Cathedral.
More people in Wales have access to super-fast internet than anywhere else in the UK, according to a report from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
Plans for a travellers' site in Machynlleth are to be discussed at a public meeting later.
Work to repair a church spire damaged by woodpeckers has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called the phone number of rival Senator Lindsey Graham to complain about his criticism of him.
US President Barack Obama has marked the first day of the implementation of his signature healthcare law, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare.
A number of people were evacuated from their homes and businesses in Londonderry after a suspicious object was declared a hoax bomb.
The US government is proposing new guidelines on the use of electronic devices while driving in an attempt to cut down on distraction-related crashes.
A Northern Ireland delegation is due to arrive in Colombia on Wednesday for talks with representatives of the Farc rebel group and the Colombian government.
A 70-year-old man has been taken to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Yorkshire opener Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side close in on victory against Surrey on day three at The Oval.
A man has been given a 12-month driving ban after a car ploughed into a row of houses in West Sussex.
Ken Morley has apologised for his "unacceptable" behaviour on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a water main which has been causing major disruption to thousands of customers in the Republic of Ireland.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a jewellers in Londonderry.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood has been nominated to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party.
A Dumfries and Galloway town that has twice won the title of Scotland's "worst town" has won this year's Carbuncle award.
Three men have been arrested after police seized a "substantial" quantity of cannabis with an estimated street value of £100,000 in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour needs to be "hugely ambitious" if it is to be the "natural party of Wales", a former minister has said.
Annika Sorenstam believes England's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world and could be Europe's next Solheim Cup captain.
A £500,000 investment in a lost item tracker company offered on BBC Scotland's Dragons' Den programme has failed to materialise.
Bangladesh has restored power supplies to most of the country after a major blackout that hit the country on Saturday.
Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of the working culture of Sport NI.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to refuse to pay for cancer drugs the health watchdog has rejected for widespread use on the NHS.
A publican who stabbed a gay man in the neck with a steak knife after calling him a "queer" has been jailed for 12 years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State say they are "distraught" after learning two of them have been married, their lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a one-match touchline ban by the Football Association after being sent off during his side's draw with Burnley.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers have been stolen during a burglary at a stately home.
The owners of a private hospital where abuse of patients with learning disabilities was uncovered "failed to provide a safe place for them to be treated with care and compassion", a report says.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Raffaele Sollecito, the Italian man who spent four years in jail with his US girlfriend Amanda Knox after she was found dead in her flat in 2007, has had his conviction for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher overturned by Italy's Supreme Court.
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth's collapse in the final round at Augusta will " scar him for a while" after he blew a five-shot lead to lose the Masters.
Botswana's Isaac Makwala has accused athletics' governing body of "fishy" treatment after he was barred from the World Championships because of an outbreak of norovirus.
Middlesbrough recorded their first home win of the season as goals from Gaston Ramirez and Stewart Downing gave Aitor Karanka's side victory over 10-man Bournemouth.
Lord Bannside, the former first minister of Northern Ireland, has been speaking to the BBC about the centenary of the signing of the Ulster Covenant and how it means to him a century on.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Brown on a season-long loan deal from Premier League side Birmingham City.
Belgian police say they have arrested four people suspected of planning terrorist attacks in the capital, Brussels, and other parts of the country.
Theresa May has been confronted by angry residents of Grenfell Tower as she met survivors at a church in west London, a day after she refused to meet residents at the scene of the fire.
Leigh Centurions have agreed a deal to sign Salford Red Devils half-back Ryan Chase on a free transfer.
Loganair has been awarded a contract to continue flying between Dundee and London Stansted for another two years.
Anglo American shares fell 12.3% on Tuesday after the mining giant announced plans to cut tens of thousands of jobs as part of a major restructuring.
A motorcyclist was to blame for the death of French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie, who was hit and killed by a motorbike during a race on Sunday, his team has said.
Ulster and Ireland scrum-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with the province.
The US space agency (Nasa) has launched a mission to an asteroid called Bennu that will return a sample-return mission in 2023.
A woman has been ordered to return to Japan with her three-year-old son after a High Court judge ruled she was in breach of his custody rights.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed off a seafront promenade.
Kenyan police are investigating the discovery of at least six bodies in a mass grave in the north-eastern region of Mandera, near the border with Somalia.
A powerful cyclone has killed at least 11 people and injured more than 100 in Vanuatu, the Pacific nation's president has said.
Home Secretary Simon Harrington has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK under the government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme.
MPs have raised "grave misgivings" about a new criminal courts charge, saying it has created "perverse incentives" for defendants to plead guilty.
Asda has admitted that it left its website open to security flaws that could have allowed hackers to access customers' credit and debit card details.
A former drug cartel pilot who was once a pilot who flew cocaine from Colombia to the US has been jailed for an axe attack on a homeless man.
Mexico stunned Brazil to win Olympic gold for the first time with a 2-0 extra-time victory in the men's football final at Rio 2016.
The round £1 coin is set to be replaced by a 12-sided version later this year, the Royal Mint has announced.
Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had "a lot of enquiries" about the possibility of returning to coaching the Briton.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh that it was a "struggle for life" for her to breathe when she was attacked.
Former England manager Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland's new manager on a two-year contract.
As Ben Llewellin prepares to compete at the European Championships for the first time, his father David explains why his son is aiming for gold at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has urged the United Nations not to let Islamic State (IS) "get away with genocide" against the Yazidis in Iraq.
An under-performing academy school in south-west London is to be merged with another in a bid to save money, its owners have said.
Seven migrants accused of setting fire to a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day have been charged with attempted murder, German police say.
David Cameron has ruled out a "collective cabinet responsibility" to campaign for the UK to remain in the European Union.
A US appeals court has upheld a judge's ruling that Brendan Dassey, the man featured in the Netflix documentary Making a Murderer, should be freed from prison.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to hacking tools from a mysterious hacking group and use them to protect computers against cyber-crime has been abandoned.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a club record fee of £10m on a five-year deal.
There has been a "lack of political will" to show that some academy chains in England are not doing well, a think tank has said.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been recovered from the BBC archive, including a complete version of the 1968 story The Web of Fear.
Shares in logistics group Menzies have fallen more than 7% after the firm said it was "disappointed" by problems at London Gatwick Airport.
Russia has accused Boris Johnson of being a "poodle of Washington" after he cancelled a visit to Moscow to discuss the crisis in Syria.
A police force's poster urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish their children has been widely shared on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against former Labour peer Lord Janner, the BBC has learned.
Lincoln City Ladies have confirmed they will merge with Notts County Ladies and play their home games at the County Ground in Nottingham from next season.
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said flag protests are "counter-productive" and damaging to Northern Ireland's image around the world.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Jess Glynne and her fiance will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia, the couple have said.
England wrapped up a 3-0 series whitewash over world champions New Zealand with a convincing win in the final game of the three-match series at Twickenham.
A drug used by osteoporosis patients could be used to extend the life of hip and knee replacements, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her own babies.
Schools in England are still being threatened with extremism, despite investigations into the so-called Trojan Horse allegations, a head teacher has warned.
Matty Taylor scored twice in the final 10 minutes as Bristol Rovers came from two goals down to snatch a dramatic draw at MK Dons.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised by anti-GM protestors.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City on a season-long loan deal for an undisclosed fee.
A hospital's accident and emergency department where a patient died and another was left sitting on a bedpan for hours has been criticised by the Care Quality Commission.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to make a statement on the findings of an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
From the age of 15 to 20, Ryan Hunter was not only taking drugs - he was taking them every single day.
The University of Nottingham has become the first university in the UK to offer a full-time degree course in Urdu.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of being involved in the illegal oil trade with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Fans at the Download music festival have been asked to pose for selfies with armed police officers at the event.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union until October or November, the former president of the European Council has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the third quarter of the year will miss analysts' expectations.
Police in China have arrested two distillers accused of using Viagra to adulterate alcohol, in the latest food and drug scandal to hit the country.
Waste collections have resumed in Bath and North East Somerset after a week of disruption due to industrial action.
Talk customers whose financial details were stolen in a cyber-attack on its website have been contacted by the firm, it has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after carding a six-under-par 65 in the third round of the US PGA Championship to take a share of the lead.
A student team in Switzerland has set a new world record for the fastest electric-powered car to reach 100kph (62mph) in under two seconds.
A British army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial he had sex with her "like an animal".
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if one of his players did what James Skelton did to James Davies against Saracens on Saturday.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery in the ocean off the coast of America.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to attend this year's Ice sculptures festival in China's capital, Beijing.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist have released a new dance track called "Dance, Dance, Dance" which they say has captured the spirit of the country.
Tens of thousands of football fans had to wait up to 20 minutes to get into a FA Cup match after being stuck in long queues at the stadium.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the latest US jobs figures showed the economy added fewer jobs than expected in July.
England batsman Kevin Pietersen has been dropped from the squad for the final Test against South Africa at Lord's and will not play again for the rest of the season.
More than 90% of the genes that cause breast cancer have been identified in a study of more than 560 breast cancers, scientists say.
Chronic pain can be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors, according to new research.
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row.
Staff at the University of London are set to vote on strike action in a dispute over job losses at the university.
Dundee United made it two wins out of two in the Championship with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Glamorgan made a solid start to their County Championship Division Two campaign with three wickets falling on the opening day of their match against Kent at Canterbury.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of an 11-year old boy and his aunt in a car crash while being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a campaign to raise awareness of boating safety.
Aston Villa have activated the release clause in midfielder Idrissa Gueye's contract after he turned down a new deal at the club.
Nigeria's Nigeria and Uganda have been shortlisted for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year awards.
A major road in Bath has reopened after being closed following a crash involving a lorry and a car.
Olympic silver medallist Andrew Pollock has run his first half marathon since the Rio Games as he finished ninth in the Cardiff Half Marathon on Sunday.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called on the government to work with reformists within the royal family, including Crown Prince Salman al-Khalifa.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints about a geography lesson in which students were asked to trace a piece of Arabic calligraphy that translated to: "There is no God but Allah".
The family of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for the "love, kind words and memories" they have received since his death.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the Aegon Classic semi-finals with a 6-4 6-2 6-3 win over American Coco Vandeweghe in Birmingham.
A Loyalist community group in Londonderry has created a new flag in an attempt to reduce the number of paramilitary flags flying from lamp posts and buildings.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke has won his third World Rally Championship (WRC) title in four years after surviving a last-gasp crash to claim victory in Rally Argentina.
Chinese police have launched an investigation after a self-driving car developed by Baidu's artificial intelligence unit crashed in Beijing, killing one of its executives.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 88 after a long illness, was one of the BBC's longest-serving radio presenters.
Sale Sharks' Sam Charnley says he wants to be able to play without pressure when he makes his first appearance for the club in Saturday's Premiership match against Newcastle Falcons.
The Israeli police have appointed an Arab officer to head a new division aimed at improving policing in the country's Arab communities.
Theresa May is attempting to change the voting habits of traditional Labour supporters in the North-East of England by appealing to the party of her birth, but in the town of Consett, where Margaret Thatcher was in power in the 1980s, few people can remember her.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has suffered a broken hand after slicing open his fingers during a live concert in Mexico.
Cannabis should be decriminalised in Northern Ireland, a former senior police officer has said.
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks in the second match of their New Zealand tour on Saturday.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not declare they are deaf, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a barber's shop in Liverpool in the latest in a series of shootings in the city.
The United Nations (UN) has come under fire for naming Wonder Woman as its first female honorary secretary general.
There is "no basis for a finding of negligence" on the part of the Ministry of Defence (MoD) in a case brought by a Royal Marine left paralysed after a "Baywatch-style" dive, a court has heard.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after meeting him for the first time since his election victory.
The knockout stages of the European Championship are here and, for the first time in the tournament's history, there are eight teams in the last 16.
An appeal has been launched against the custodial sentence of a transgender woman jailed at a female prison.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a submerged car after three people tried to smash the window of the vehicle in a lake in Hertfordshire.
It's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was first released in the UK.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Jordan Pigott on a season-long loan deal from Charlton Athletic.
The Man in the High Castle and Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write the script for a TV adaptation of Philip K Dick's sci-fi novel Electric Dreams.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the head in a "domestic-related incident" in Northamptonshire.
A 95-year-old man who phoned a BBC radio show to talk about the loneliness he felt after his wife's death has been taken to the studio by listeners.
Plans to temporarily close a hospital's maternity unit in Oxfordshire have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John, one of the world's rarest gemstones, has been discovered in a cave in the Peak District.
Indian sprinter Gurpreet Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of tampering with his sample after he failed a drugs test.
The use of tablet computers in schools in England is growing at a faster rate than any other form of technology, according to a new study.
Students at Queen's University Belfast (QUB) have begun occupying a building in a protest against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have agreed a deal to sign Guinea international Alassane Camara on a two-year deal following his departure from Derby County.
Singer-songwriter James Bay has won this year's Mercury Prize for his debut album Architect, which tells the story of his three years sleeping rough in Paris.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in South Africa's Western Cape province in what police believe was a love triangle.
Poland's government has called for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed the late President Lech Kaczynski.
Relegation from the Premier League last season left Cardiff City with debts of more than £100m.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a suspected hit-and-run in Brighton.
A woman who worked in Sheffield's steelworks during World War Two has called for a statue to be erected in honour of the city's women steelworkers.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in a pre-season friendly.
Scotland's beaches have been named the best in the world for the second year in a row.
Ireland suffered a huge blow to their Six Nations hopes as fly-half Jonathan Sexton, captain Paul O'Connell and flanker Peter O'Mahony were all forced off with injuries as they beat France in a bruising contest at the Tullow Tank.
A Pembrokeshire drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering his partner's two-year-old son by hitting him over the head with a garden chair.
Mauritius' Prime Minister Mahama Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after more than 30 years in power, saying he will not seek re-election.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant, in what they say is a breakthrough in regenerative medicine.
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa says his move to Hearts from Israeli club Ironi Ashdod is a "big step" in his career.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of this year's US Open because of her "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead in his hotel room in Liverpool after a night out in the city.
People travelling on a bus in London are being encouraged to sing along to a piece of art on the vehicle as they make their way to work.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City moved out of the relegation zone with victory over Aston Villa at the Britannia Stadium.
You have been telling us how you use WhatsApp every day to keep us in touch with you and your friends around the world.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK, and scientists are warning that climate change could mean that we could see even more extremes in the future.
Cambridge United will face Manchester United in the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history after holding the Premier League side to a goalless draw in the fourth round.
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to stop their bombardment of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, after Turkey launched an offensive against them.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in Dundee city centre.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United boss Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" from their FA Cup semi-final disappointment.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted closures on 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed there was no obvious risk to public health.
The EU has urged Russia to stop what it calls "provocative" border moves near an oil pipeline in Azerbaijan, after Georgia accused Russia of extending its administrative border with South Ossetia.
Pupils at my school in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis took part in the minute's silence for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attacks on 12 September, and then went on to demonstrate across the city.
The European Union's Ebola mission, which was set up in Ghana to co-ordinate its response to the outbreak in West Africa, is to reduce its operations in the country.
Rescuers in Nepal have rescued more people from the rubble of buildings damaged by Saturday's earthquake, as the death toll from the disaster rises to 6,130.
Shares in health care companies rose after the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of keeping key parts of the Obama-era healthcare bill in place.
BBC Sport will broadcast live commentary of Bridlington Town's FA Cup first-round tie against South Shields as part of the BBC's coverage of the 2017-18 competition.
As I stood on the pitch at Paris St-Germain's Parc des Princes on the eve of the Champions League final, I was overcome with pride.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to accept the resignation of three suspended legislators who had been suspended by the Supreme Court.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry believed to be carrying suspected illegal immigrants was found in Bedfordshire.
Children who read for pleasure more than once a week are more likely to do well in maths, spelling and English, a study suggests.
St Mirren's Robbie Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct and faces a three-match ban by the Scottish Football Association.
For more than 2,000 years the Church of England has had exclusively male leaders.
The co-founder of Greggs bakery chain has been accused of being a "veneer of respectability" who was an "abuser of children", a court has heard.
The Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in full-year profits for 2012.
The deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, in which 67 people were killed and more than 200 injured, has led to an increase in the number of security measures being put in place across the country.
The US says it has begun training rebels in Syria to fight the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
French voters are going to the polls on Sunday for the second round of the presidential election.
The funeral of a DJ who went missing after playing at the Glastonbury festival has taken place.
Friends and family of Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old gunman who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as "very shy" and "camera shy".
Ireland's women's hockey team have won the World League 2 title for the first time in 18 months with a 3-0 victory over Great Britain in Belfast on Sunday.
A health trust has pleaded guilty to failing to provide safe care and treatment after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm and ammunition during a police operation in Luton.
The chancellor, George Osborne, told me last week that the economic pain caused by the UK's vote to leave the European Union had been "cancelled".
UKIP has been accused of "scaremongering" over the issue of immigration and the NHS in Wales.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 to win his first ATP title of the year at the Brisbane International.
Morecambe's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Mansfield.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men who broke into his Kilmarnock home and attacked him.
Ex-Rangers midfielder Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the key moments of Saturday's 3-2 win over Celtic, according to the club's former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County chairman David Foxall has defended the club's decision to sack Graham Westley as manager.
The parents of a woman murdered in Mauritius have written an open letter to her friends and family saying they will not be able to attend her funeral.
People in some parts of England are struggling to name their local councillors ahead of May's local elections, research suggests.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract as host of Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction on social media in many countries around the world.
A former head teacher at a school at the centre of the Trojan Horse affair has been banned from teaching for five years.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Wales defender Chris Davies on a one-year deal after he was released by Bristol City.
Regular exercise can boost the size of a key part of the brain and help protect it from decline in later life, a study suggests.
A coroner has said there was a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who took his own life at a County Antrim hospital.
A gap year student stranded in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake received "no help whatsoever" from the UK embassy, her mother has said.
Britain's Andy Murray will face Naomi Broady in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in London on Monday.
Leading Eurosceptic politicians across Europe have called for a referendum on EU membership after the UK voted to leave the bloc.
A lorry driver and two accomplices have been jailed for their part in a "well-run organised crime group" which smuggled 20 people into the UK illegally.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka in New Zealand for the first time as part of his tour of the country.
Retailers need to change the way they promote healthy food and drink to help tackle rising obesity levels in Scotland, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation into allegations of historical child sex abuse against a former employee of the club.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and shrubbery damaged so lorries could get through.
Telefonica has confirmed it is in exclusive talks to buy O2, the UK's second largest mobile phone operator, from Li-Ka Shing.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde says the Pro12 double-header at the Principality Stadium on Saturday could decide which players are selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can carry out complex tasks such as carrying out surgery.
Three men have been jailed for their part in a multi-million pound advertising scam which defrauded businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help Syrian refugees settle in to their new home in Aberdeenshire.
It's that time of year again when many business leaders are looking forward to the new year.
Cornish Pirates prop Alex Cheesman and back-row Alex Morgan have signed new contracts with the club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march calling for the future of services at Stafford Hospital after it was put into administration.
A Flintshire man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag on social media after having surgery to treat a serious bowel condition.
US President Donald Trump is not a man to mince his words.
Councils in the East Midlands want the government to back plans for a new tram line linking Derby and Nottingham, according to a document seen by the BBC.
Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive Stuart Davies has said a vote on the Welsh Rugby Union's (WRU) £3.75m takeover of Newport RFC is "hugely important" for the future of professional rugby in the region.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in Dumfries and Galloway.
The first homes being built for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire have been opened to the public.
An investigation into the death of a Tesla driver who was killed in a crash while using the car's Autopilot feature has been closed.
Ugandan Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi's official website has been taken over by hackers in an apparent attempt to highlight the government's support for gay rights.
A man has been found guilty of bringing offensive weapons into Northern Ireland after he was stopped by police on his way back from a Bulgarian holiday.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him with the country until the end of the 2017 Test series against England.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in central London.
Saudi Arabia has called on the US to reverse its decision to allow families of victims of the 9/11 attacks to sue the kingdom, saying it will have a negative impact on international relations.
A drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles earlier this month is to be taken to Malta for repairs before being scrapped.
Four people have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple who were accused of insulting Islam in a dispute over money.
The UN has announced the names of 10 ministers for a proposed unity government in Libya, in a bid to end more than a year of political deadlock.
Christmas can be a stressful time of year for many of us - the turkey, the presents, the tree, the decorations, the mulled wine and, of course, the turkey.
A former American football star who was serving a life sentence for killing his former cellmate has taken his own life in a Texas prison.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has risen sharply in the past year, according to figures from the police watchdog.
The world governing body of athletics, the IAAF, has confirmed it will end its sponsorship deal with Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland and the Netherlands had to settle for a draw in their Intercontinental Cup game in Dublin after rain washed out the second day of the match.
A man armed with a machete has attacked a police officer at the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, wounding him, police say.
A team of scientists in the US has been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A judge in the US state of Minnesota has ruled that genetic tests are to be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of Prince.
A prominent Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and chief executive David Gold have rejected an offer from Monster Beverage to take over the club.
Alphabet, the parent company of search giant Google, has reported a rise in revenue for the first three months of the year, helped by strong advertising sales.
The new owners of a Dumfries engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to double the number of staff they employ.
A charity worker accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman out of more than £1m has told a court she was "taken advantage of" of her.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire.
Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker, is to be sold in the UK for the first time later this month.
A mother who was due to be deported to Nigeria with her two young daughters, who she fears will be subjected to female genital mutilation, has been given an overnight reprieve.
A UKIP councillor in Northern Ireland has been expelled from the party following a disciplinary meeting.
An Irish man who was shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his children has been named by police.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that one of its giant pandas, Tian Tian, is pregnant.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone for the first time this season with victory over Wigan, who remain in danger of relegation from the Championship.
Wigan prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games after being found guilty of punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the head.
Hungary says it will offer buses to thousands of migrants who have been stranded in the capital, Budapest, in a bid to help them reach Austria.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says Chelsea midfielder Victor Moses could return to the Premier League club this season after his loan spell last season.
Ten-man Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Coventry.
The Scottish government and the Conservatives have clashed over the amount of money being spent on education in Scotland.
A man jailed for four-and-a-half years for filming a fatal shooting in Dundee has had his appeal against his conviction dismissed.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with commemorations in the Republic of Ireland and in France.
The Indiana Pacers will host the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season game at London's O2 Arena next month.
James Robert Hennessy was a plasterer from Ellesmere Port, who travelled by car with a group of friends, who all survived.
Grimsby moved out of the relegation zone with victory over 10-man Mansfield, who were reduced to 10 men at Blundell Park after manager Gary Evans was sent off.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has rejected President Mohamed Farmajo's amnesty offer to its fighters, saying it was a "misunderstanding".
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 1,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest calling for better safety for their compatriots.
Eoin Morgan's brilliant century helped England complete a record-breaking run-chase to beat Australia by 10 runs and take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless League One draw at The Den.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach on a two-year deal.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US, including Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
The 2011 riots in England and Wales could have been avoided if police had been deployed more quickly, a group of MPs has said in a report.
The world of social media marketing has changed dramatically in the last few years, with companies of all sizes taking advantage of the power of the platform.
Voters in the UK will vote on whether or not they want to stay in or leave the European Union (EU) later this year.
A husband and wife have been jailed for conspiring to hide more than £300,000 in a "sophisticated" attempt to hide criminal proceeds.
For more than a century, Japanese knotweed has been a blight on the landscape of the UK.
Rents for beach huts in Poole are set to rise by more than 10% in the next five years, according to a beach hut association.
A huge oil barge that crashed into a platform in the North Sea, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of workers, has drifted away from its mooring and is now adrift, Norwegian officials say.
Easter is one of the UK's most popular holidays and, for many, it is also one of its most disappointing.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy on Liverpool bars and clubs have been rejected by the city council.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan last year that killed more than 100 people.
Serena Shuker became the first woman to win the British Open wheelchair mixed doubles title as she and her partner won the event for the first time at the Aegon Championships in Birmingham.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has won the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end more than 50 years of armed conflict in his country.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and end a run of three straight defeats in Super League.
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Scottish Championship with victory over St Mirren at Easter Road.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed defender Danny Wilson on a one-year deal following his release by the club.
"Myanmar was the land of my forefathers," says Sarlan, a Burmese Tamil man who fled his homeland more than 50 years ago.
More than 18% of married or co-habiting couples in the UK are suffering from "highly-conflicted" relationships, according to a new report.
The cost to Scotland of the cancellation of a UK government competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology could be as much as £8.9bn, a report has found.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has said it is time for the search for her killer to come to an end.
Facebook has removed a post which appeared to list the names and photographs of eight people in west Belfast who have been accused of so-called joy riding.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be "disappointed" if chairman Paul Scally sacked him this season.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 after scoring the winner against Cyprus on Thursday.
The Prime Minister, David Cameron, has been visiting a school in China to see what it's like to learn a foreign language.
Antibiotic resistance is becoming a bigger problem in hospitals than it was two years ago, a leading specialist in sepsis has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve is to be halted until a judicial review can be heard, a High Court judge has ruled.
Plans to build a new £40m hospital in Somerset have been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
Leading figures from the Commonwealth have written to David Cameron urging him to stay in the European Union.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability" to be part of a team if he wins the party's leadership, shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced, with Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Foo Fighters among the headliners.
A spectacular rainbow and lenticular clouds have been spotted over parts of the north east of Scotland.
Former Watford and England manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre-season fixture in his memory, the club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's "ill-discipline came back to haunt them" in their 20-13 defeat by Exeter Chiefs in the Premiership.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored twice as Grimsby twice came from behind to draw with 10-man Barnet at Blundell Park.
Sunderland striker Nacho Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell's Old Boys after his loan spell at the Championship club was terminated by mutual consent.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has sent shockwaves across Europe that will reverberate for months to come.
India's first metro rail service in the southern city of Chennai has been inaugurated, with the first train driven by a woman.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in a field in south Armagh in what has been described as a "s sinister" incident.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one-day international series for the first time since June.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the first of two Twenty20 internationals in India on Wednesday, winning by eight runs.
The US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station for more than a year is about to break a record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in the latest in a series of attacks on the birds in North Yorkshire, police have said.
Two men have been jailed for their part in an international operation targeting illegal drugs and weapons sold on dark web marketplaces like Silk Road.
Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton return to the Ireland team to face world champions New Zealand in Sunday's Six Nations match in Dublin.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, following a strong lead from other European markets, as investors reacted to news of a Greek debt deal.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the longest-serving prime ministers in British history - and she was known as "the Iron Lady".
Russia's decision to send surface-to-air missiles to Syria has been described as "ill-timed and very unfortunate" by the head of the US military.
Banksy has denied claims his controversial new exhibition in Weston-super-Mare is a hoax, after ticket sales for the attraction were suspended due to "technical difficulties".
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party, five years after he was elected, following the party's general election defeat.
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter and Saracens have expressed concern about the legal action brought against the Premiership club by ex-South Africa captain George Willis.
Singapore authorities have asked retailers to stop buying products from Indonesian firms suspected of contributing to a haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has given the country's state of the union address, a day after President Hugo Chavez appeared in public for the first time since undergoing cancer treatment.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up two cases that could pave the way for same-sex marriage in all 50 states.
England's confidence in their World Cup campaign is at its highest level since the opening match of the tournament, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate in next year's London mayoral election.
A widow has said she was left "speechless" after thieves broke into her home while she was at her husband's funeral.
Jockey David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree for the first time.
The head teacher of a primary school has been suspended after he was fined for taking his children on term-time holidays.
The father of former Formula 1 driver Henry Surtees has called on Lewis Hamilton to rethink his opposition to the 'halo' head protection device in Formula 1 cars.
Archaeologists and geoscientists are to carry out the first ever 3D mapping of coastal erosion in Wales as part of a new project.
We welcome your comments, stories, pictures and feedback on our output.
Former Blackburn Rovers captain Paul Dunn has been appointed as first-team coach at the Championship club.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards ceremony in the world of music.
Pernod Ricard, the company behind the Jameson's and Chivas Regal whisky brands, has reported a fall in sales of its Scotch whisky brands in the first three months of the year.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal, has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September, hit by a drop in the value of its Australian pay-TV network Foxtel.
China's state-run newspapers have gone on the offensive in the wake of the UN's decision to reject China's territorial claims in the South China Sea.
There were "lost opportunities" to save the life of a premature baby from Swansea who died after he was taken off a ventilator and left in his mother's arms, a coroner has said.
A BBC Radio Derby appeal to raise money for a Derbyshire man diagnosed with skin cancer has reached its target of £100,000.
A man who conned two people out of more than £1,000 for World Cup tickets has been ordered to pay back the money.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a young boy was found dead at a house in south-east London.
A student who hung himself from the Cenotaph during the London riots did not know what it looked like, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete in a Tesco store has been jailed for life.
Dozens of people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, and other cities, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily quotas for the number of asylum seekers it takes in, in an attempt to stem the influx of migrants into the country.
David Beckham's bid to set up his own Major League Soccer team in Miami has been given the go-ahead by the league's commissioner.
Actress Tippi Hedren has spoken out for the first time about the alleged sexual harassment she says she suffered from Alfred Hitchcock in the early 1960s.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) say they are treating an obese Egyptian woman who was discharged from an Indian hospital where she was being treated for weight loss surgery.
A video showing the Queen and her mother giving a Nazi salute in the 1930s has been released by a newspaper.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he attempts to close the gap on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Formula 1 world championship.
Last winter's floods were the "most extreme on record" in the UK, according to a new review.
Voters in one of the UK's most ethnically diverse council areas are going to the polls on Thursday.
Stan Wawrinka beat world number one Novak Djokovic in five sets to win his first French Open title and end the Serb's hopes of becoming the first man to win all four Grand Slams.
Durham were bowled out for just 156 on the opening day of their County Championship match against Yorkshire at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Sunderland.
The UK government's approach to banning so-called "legal highs" is at odds with the recommendations of an expert panel set up by the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD).
Morocco's Football Association (FMRFF) has banned fans from attending Raja Casablanca's home matches after clashes between rival supporters following a match on Saturday.
Every year on the eve of Heroes' Day, thousands of Zimbabweans gather on the streets of the capital, Harare, to watch President Robert Mugabe address the nation.
Rangers midfielder Josh Windass hopes his first goal for the club since leaving Accrington Stanley will help him earn a regular place in the first team this season.
A New Zealand-based private rocket company has successfully launched its first vehicle into space.
There has been a sharp increase in the amount of money paid out to consultants for extra work, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Rugby is one of the most popular sports for kids in the UK, but it's not always the safest.
Rescue teams in Indonesia are searching for more than 20 people missing after the Mount Sinabung volcano in Papua province erupted on Saturday, killing at least six people.
One year on from the UK voting to leave the European Union, there is still a lot of uncertainty about what the future holds for the country.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by Uefa after failing a drugs test for a banned substance.
As the general election campaign gets under way, BBC Wales looks at some of the key battlegrounds in Wales.
There should be no stigma attached to children having basic rights to food, Scotland's children's commissioner has said.
An NHS trust has apologised to the family of a schoolgirl who took her own life after being "failed by the system", an inquest has heard.
The cost of speeding courses for motorists caught travelling at more than 10% above the speed limit could rise by up to £5, a police panel has recommended.
US military police are investigating an incident in which cadets at West Point in New York were injured during an annual pillow fight, the academy has said.
The rights of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people, the rights of people of African descent, and the treatment of minorities.
The original Batmobile, the car used in the 1960s TV series Batman, has sold at auction in Los Angeles for $1.5m (roughly £1.2m).
Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled new measures to make it harder for illegal immigrants to stay in the UK, including a ban on them using the NHS.
At a Labour Day rally in central Paris last month, a fiery speech was delivered by a woman who had been campaigning for months on the streets of the French capital.
World champion Mark Selby eased into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over John O'Brien at the Crucible.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a Barnsley football club legend who played for the club for more than 50 years.
The UK's largest energy supplier has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service".
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship to seven points.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in a lake in Cumbria.
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a "special place in his heart" for Manchester City after signing for AC Milan.
Shares in the world's biggest carmaker, Volkswagen, have fallen more than 14% after it was hit by a huge emissions scandal.
Kilmarnock defender Scott Samson has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child, the BBC has learned.
Toulon are in talks with Premiership clubs about playing in the European Champions Cup next season.
A newspaper, a scroll and a bottle of perfume have been found in a time capsule that has been hidden inside a bridge for more than 100 years.
The E3 gaming show is taking place in Los Angeles this week and it's all about virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face prompted her to undergo facial surgery has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican's recognition of his country's statehood is "an important step forward" in the search for peace with Israel.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with an alleged hare coursing incident in Dalkeith in Dumfries and Galloway in March.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Authors has been announced.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Ex-cabinet minister Chris Huhne was given a pass to the Houses of Parliament while serving a prison sentence for fraud, it has emerged.
A worker was contaminated with radiation during an exercise at Devonport Royal Dockyard, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing boys in Nottingham in the 1970s and 1980s.
Microsoft is launching an education edition of its Minecraft game, which it says will be free to use in schools around the world.
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he is keen to return to club management in the "short term" after agreeing a new two-year contract with manager Martin O'Neill.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for a number of players in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said the UK should hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union as soon as possible.
In Theresa May's letter triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty she states: "We believe its necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU."
Two 16-year-old boys have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton in which four teenagers were injured.
An investigation is under way into the cause of a fire at a derelict pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Universities in Wales are concerned about the rise in the number of students using essay mills, websites which offer students a bespoke essay in return for a fee, BBC Wales has learned.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK allegedly sent a picture of a police officer to Islamic State (IS) militants, a court has heard.
Aberdeenshire council has said it is considering plans to install wind turbines at Donald Trump's golf course in the Highlands.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) regime in the Iraqi city of Mosul is in a state of "total collapse", according to sources close to the battle for the city.
Mame Biram Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke came from behind to draw with Premier League leaders Chelsea at the Britannia Stadium.
A man has died in hospital after being found with serious head injuries at a caravan park in Dorset.
The line-up for this year's Wickerman Festival has been announced, with Dizzee Rascal among the first acts to be confirmed.
Scotland has seen the highest number of bank branches close or earmarked for closure in the last year, according to new research.
New rules aimed at preventing banks from becoming "too big to fail" and ending the "too-big-to-fail" crisis have been published.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the first three months of the year, boosted by an upturn in industrial output, official figures have shown.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry, North Ayrshire, has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares hit a fresh seven-year high on Monday as the market continued to benefit from the new stock connect trading link.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation.
A cyclist who sexually assaulted a woman on a footpath in Bournemouth is being sought by police.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have met for the first time in public ahead of their heavyweight unification fight on Saturday.
Two climbers have been killed in the French Alps while attempting to climb one of the world's highest mountains.
Parents who have children under the age of 16 can now set a speed limit on their car to keep them safe.
A new species of reptile has been identified from fossilised footprints made more than 250 million years ago in the Spanish Pyrenees.
Kent chairman John Kennedy is to step down from his role at the County Championship club at the end of the season.
An Indian MP from the right-wing Shiv Sena party has been banned from flying after he was accused of hitting an airline employee with a sandal.
It's one year since the Rwandan army killed more than 1,000 people in a massacre at a refugee camp in the north-east of the country.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has come out in support of US President-elect Donald Trump, saying: "I think Donald Trump will be a positive president."
Obesity among teenagers may be linked to an increased risk of bowel cancer in later life, according to a large study.
The Labour Party is "in danger of not asking the right questions" and failing to get the right answers, former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory and opened to the public.
President Hassan Rouhani has been a key player in Iran's political life since the 1979 revolution, and has been at the centre of the country's nuclear negotiations with the West since 2013.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father Chris would have been "ecstatic" to see his son reach the semi-finals of Euro 2016.
Three hospital urgent care units which have been closed at night due to "extremely busy" conditions have been extended for a further three months.
When I first moved to Moscow six years ago, I used to spend a lot of time in the Kremlin, reading up on the state policy of the Russian government.
London workers have the longest commutes in the UK, but the average time they spend travelling to and from work has fallen, according to a study by the TUC.
Some councils in Wales do not routinely scan the microchips of animals found dead on the roads, despite calls to do so, it has emerged.
3D printing - or 3D printing as it is more commonly known - is revolutionising the way we make things.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about extending his contract with the Premier League champions, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Retailer Brantano, one of the UK's largest department stores, has gone into administration with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
A man accused of murdering his parents in the Republic of Ireland was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the attack, a court has heard.
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach's final game in charge of the club ended in defeat as they were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final.
The mother of a teenage girl who took her own life has said she is "appalled" a council has refused to disclose the full report into her daughter's death.
Google has released the first draft of the next version of its Android operating system.
Members of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra have failed to agree on a successor to the orchestra's long-serving chief conductor.
St Peter's of Derry and St Mary's of Wexford will meet in the Hogan Cup final for the second year in a row after their semi-final draw in Monaghan on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers and QPR boss John Waddock as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Conservatives have said that if they win the election, they will introduce a cap on the amount that energy suppliers can charge.
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games are just around the corner!
A man is in an induced coma in hospital after being stabbed in a road rage attack in Middlesbrough.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a second round next month after no candidate won an outright majority in Sunday's first round.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" in Wales at the general election.
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish Jersey's historic airport terminal to make way for a multi-million pound development.
League One side Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year contract after he was released by the club.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol are set to be unveiled as part of the city's regeneration zone.
On the outskirts of the Colombian city of Cartagena, in the north-eastern province of Uraba, there are a number of huts that look like they could be used as hide-outs for one of the world's most powerful drug lords.
A dog has been found "unscratched" at the bottom of a huge sinkhole that opened up on a golf course on the Isle of Skye.
Tesco has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profit to £145m after taking a legal charge of more than £200m as it settles legal proceedings over its accounting irregularities.
Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Jordan Oliver on a one-month loan deal.
A Polish journalist expelled from Russia has told the BBC he will take his cat with him when he leaves the country, after Russia told him it would look after it.
Venezuela's security forces have used "excessive force" against protesters since anti-government protests began in April, a UN report says.
Three of the world's most capable Earth observation satellites have sent back their first images of the Earth from space.
A World War Two veteran from Carmarthenshire has been presented with France's highest military honour after his family contacted an MP.
League Two side Grimsby Town have agreed a deal to sign Mansfield Town midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
A "top-down reorganisation" of local government in Wales should not be imposed by the Welsh Government, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
London Irish scrum-half Ross Ford has been given a two-week ban by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to violent conduct.
The Iranian government has ordered social media firms to block access to the country's most popular messaging apps and websites under a new law.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie has set up a new America's Cup team with the aim of challenging for the trophy in the future.
Users could soon be able to sign on to portable devices using images rather than text-based passwords.
A man who was stabbed outside a bar in Grimsby has died in hospital.
China has accused Japan of breaching its pacifist constitution after it passed controversial new security laws that allow the military to fight overseas.
Rafael Benitez suffered his first defeat as Chelsea manager as his side were held to a draw by Southampton at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two-match one-day international series against Sri Lanka because of a hamstring injury.
An ancient fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been identified as a new species of prehistoric reptile.
Scotland's Katie Archibald won her second gold medal of the weekend at the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Abu Dhabi with victory in the women's individual time trial.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in 2016-17 has topped four million for the first time since the 2008-09 season.
A bid has been launched to raise £10m to restore and reopen the Alexandra Palace theatre in north London as part of a £25m restoration project.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the middle of a golf course in the US state of California in America.
The electoral watchdog has called for urgent action to tackle the issue of people registering to vote twice in the general election.
Bristol Flyers will play in the BBL Play-offs for the first time after beating Manchester Force on Sunday to secure their place in the top eight.
Josh Matavesi scored a late try as Ospreys came from behind to draw with Racing Metro in their European Champions Cup game at Liberty Stadium.
A terminally-ill five-year-old boy from Teesside who received more than £200,000 from Everton fans to pay for his cancer treatment has died.
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be held in November and December, a Fifa taskforce has recommended.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro on Wednesday, while shares in Barclays fell after the bank was sued by the US government for alleged mortgage securities fraud.
A Northern Ireland woman has failed in her bid to become the first person to give the time on the speaking clock when people dial 123.
Vincenzo Ventura will succeed Antonio Conte as Italy coach after Euro 2016, the Italian football federation has announced.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up on the search for justice for her son, 20 years after he was murdered.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Yann Atangana on a one-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" who does not "laugh and joke with the media or the opposition" as he bids to cement his place in the Test side.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian man who was shot dead in a drive-by shooting.
Imagine going to school and being greeted by one of the world's best-selling authors.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a foot injury.
Ebola was the most popular search term on Google in 2014, followed by "What is love", "Who is Lohanthony" and "How to twerking", the company has revealed.
Cornish Pirates director of rugby Steve Cattle says his side's performance in their bonus-point win over Leinster in the European Challenge Cup was "disappointing".
A woman with a rare illness that has left her paralysed from the waist down is to marry the man of her dreams.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered his government to review all contacts with the United Nations.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the rights of former President Dalia Paksas when it barred him from standing for election in 2004.
Arsenal maintained their 100% start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Watford at Vicarage Road.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain in parts of south and mid Wales on Monday.
The number of women in the UK who have suffered a miscarriage has reached a record high of more than one in 10,000, according to new research.
The US investment fund Cerberus paid a Belfast law firm £15m to help it sell Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, a committee of MPs has heard.
Ayr United moved up to eighth in the Scottish Championship with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic.
Former first minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain in Malawi while on a visit to the country in 2005.
An inmate has died at HMP Elmley, the latest in a series of deaths at the prison criticised by the Prison Officers' Association.
A fraudster who posed as a court clerk to escape from custody has pleaded guilty to eight counts of fraud and one of escape from lawful custody.
Two of Wales' most senior council chief executives have been ordered to pay back more than £50,000 in unlawful pension payments by the auditor general.
A driver caught speeding at 101mph (160km/h) on a dual carriageway in South Yorkshire has been fined 150% of his weekly income.
The European Commission has said that EU nationals living in the UK should have the same rights as UK nationals living elsewhere in the EU.
Former EastEnders and Carry On actress Dame Barbara Windsor has died after a short illness.
Virtual reality (VR) is best known for its use in gaming and as a medium for playing video games.
Satisfaction with the student experience at Welsh universities has continued to rise, according to a survey by Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.
Cologne is preparing for its annual carnival, a year after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted during New Year celebrations in the city.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted to set up an independent committee to investigate how members of the assembly pay their expenses.
A black woman has claimed she and her friends were refused entry to a Nottingham nightclub because of their skin colour.
Vulnerable children and young people in foster care in Scotland are being put at risk by a lack of stability, according to a charity.
Three friends who tackled a burglar who broke into a house and pinned him to the ground have been given an award for their bravery.
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be allowed to stay in the city after Brexit, according to a report by the city's business leaders.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers at its distilleries and bottling plants in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pensions.
The first of two refurbished trains on the Belfast to Dublin rail line is to return to service on Wednesday, Translink has said.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling for an end to child marriage in the country.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the sport to be banned in the country because of the country's economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has refused to rule out the possibility of the UK paying the EU to maintain access to the single market after Brexit.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in Germany have cancelled the event after a lightning strike left at least eight people injured.
India's parliament has passed a bill that will increase the jail term for juvenile offenders who commit serious crimes, including rape, to 10 years.
Three more people have appeared in court charged in connection with the discovery of the body of missing Bristol teenager Becky Watts.
The mother of a boy who was removed from an EasyJet flight after an overbooked flight at Gatwick Airport has said the airline's system needs an overhaul.
A woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine 50 years ago has been honoured for her "outstanding contribution" to the fight against the disease.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been persuaded to stay on as leader of the party after members rejected his resignation offer, the party has said.
Plans to turn a former coal mine site into a country park in Dorset have been given the go-ahead.
The Supreme Court has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed to enforce the law during loyalist flag protests in 2012.
Labour has backed the government's plan to balance the books by 2017-18, despite criticism from the chancellor and shadow chancellor Ed Balls.
A 19-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man stabbed to death in a hostel have called on the government to publish a report into what went wrong in the case of a prisoner who breached his probation conditions after being released from prison.
Lancashire's One-Day Cup game against Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a waterlogged pitch.
One in six secondary schools in England is under-performing, according to the latest results from the latest set of GCSE results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes to protest against plans to demolish it has gone to court over the design.
The US government shutdown has entered its 10th week, with more than two weeks to go until a deal is reached between the White House and Congress to end the dispute over funding for a border wall.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be put into the meat trade in a bid to save the breed from extinction, a conservation group has said.
Brazilian airline Latam has said it is suspending its flights to Caracas because of a dispute with Venezuela over ticket revenues.
Six men have been charged with causing or assisting in the commission of a dangerous driving offence after four people were killed in a crash in West Yorkshire.
Spanish police have arrested a man suspected of being part of the notorious Pink Panther jewellery gang, which has carried out hundreds of armed robberies, in a raid on a shop in Barcelona.
Scunthorpe missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as Rochdale held on for a 3-2 victory at Spotland.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote later on whether to allow a private company to continue to carry out road repairs in the area.
Radhika Menon, the Indian Merchant Navy's first female ship captain, has been recognised for her role in the rescue of six fishermen who were stranded at sea after their fishing boat sank.
The final day of the final Test against India in Chennai was the worst day of England's tour so far.
CBBC has been asking children in the UK if they think it's better to help or punish bullies.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him at The Oval until the end of the 2017 season.
Cameroon's hopes of reaching the Confederations Cup semi-finals suffered a blow as they lost 3-1 to Germany in their last-16 tie in Group B.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carriers will be guarded by inflatable boats, the defence secretary has said during a visit to Portsmouth.
The contract to build the trains for the HS2 high-speed rail link between London and the West Midlands has been launched.
The Republic of Ireland's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is to sell off more than £15m of agricultural loans to a group of banks.
Harriet Harman, the former Labour deputy prime minister, was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Tuesday about women's rights.
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman after she fell out with her and told it to "get her", a court heard.
A 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with a crash in Caerphilly county which killed two teenagers has been released without charge.
England have named four uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship, which starts on 4 February.
The last woolly mammoths may have been driven to extinction by a catalogue of genetic errors in their genomes.
Veteran British actor John Johnson, best known for his roles in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar and Lara Croft, has died at the age of 83.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Belfast city centre.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained on Salisbury Plain during World War One have been found on the site of a former military base.
A mosaic has been unveiled at Rotterdam Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign which saved the lives of hundreds of thousands of Dutch people.
Restrictions on the number of fast food restaurants within 400m of schools in a bid to tackle obesity in Kent have been announced.
Lego has ended its promotional agreement with the Daily Mail, following criticism from the anti-racism group Stop Funding Hate.
Scientists in the US say they have found a drug that could revolutionise HIV treatment, after a baby in Mississippi was found to be harbouring the virus.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin from the "dark net" was inspired by the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its "most ambitious programme for government to date" as it launched its assembly election campaign.
The Essex town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks are in talks with "four or five" international players about joining the club, says director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Greece captain Evangelos Karagounis has retired from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Substitute Jack Baird's late goal was enough to give St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A daredevil motorcyclist has pulled off one of the most amazing stunts in the history of the sport.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell and Cambuslang to protest against Tata Steel's plans to mothball its two plants in Scotland.
Two of the UK's most popular vloggers have told Newsbeat they don't think it's too much to ask for their videos to be labelled as adverts.
The family of a seven-year-old boy with severe autism have said they are "desperate" for him to be placed at a special school.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of violence and restoring political stability in the country.
In our series of letters from African journalists, cartoonist and illustrator Laurent Sanguinetti takes us on a trip to Australia.
An inquiry into historical child sex abuse at children's homes in north Wales has been given the go-ahead for a second phase.
Police have said the death of a man who was found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full-back Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries.
Reading midfielder Jurgen Rakels has joined Polish club Lech Poznan on a season-long loan deal.
Lana Del Rey is in the middle of one of her busiest days of the year - and she doesn't even realise it.
For the second time in a week, the US has been gripped by protests over the killing of an unarmed black man by the police.
Too many children remain at "significant risk of harm" from "unregistered schools" in England, the chief inspector of schools has warned.
After the pre-season transfer window closed on 1 January, the Women's Super League One season is set to get under way.
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play tennis for Slovenia at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the Tour de France.
A Londonderry woman has been awarded £20,000 in damages after being discriminated against by her former employer.
Iain Duncan Smith and David Cameron have just had a row on Europe.
Joey Dunlop's son Gary will make his Ulster Grand Prix debut at Dundrod in August after recovering from a serious crash last year.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" during the club's recent poor run of form, says chief executive Neil Raynor.
As a mother of two young children, Emma Black was used to running with her friends in London's Hyde Park.
WBA world super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Anthony Dickens at London's O2 Arena on 29 March.
The sale of certificates of Irish heritage will be withdrawn from sale in the Republic of Ireland at the end of this month, the government has announced.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway.
WBO world heavyweight champion Joseph Parker was outpointed by Razvan Cojanu in his first defence of his title in New Zealand.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of stunning reversals on key issues on his first day in office, amid reports of a power struggle in the White House.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in his final appearance in the race, this time on the Aidan O'Brien-trained Don Cossack.
Scarlets have said they are "fully committed to eradicating discrimination and promoting equality for both staff and customers" after Gareth Williams was pictured in a Halloween costume.
Vietnamese man Nguyen Phuc Bich says he is "very grateful" for the support he has received after a Facebook post about his "outrageous" name went viral.
Tesco has bought a 49% stake in the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum.
A taxi driver's collection of pictures of people he took in his cab during a festival are to go on display in Edinburgh.
Twelve bodies of Syrian migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal admitted his side were not good enough in the second half of their 2-1 defeat by FC Copenhagen.
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", a leading industry figure has said.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged Unicef fundraising scam in Cardiff.
Portsmouth chief executive Michael Eisner is set to become the club's new chairman, BBC Radio Solent understands.
The International Rescue Committee and the Doctors of the World have called on Greece to improve conditions at a migrant camp in the Greek island of Lesbos where three people have died in recent days.
The most complete specimen of a stegosaur, one of the world's most famous dinosaurs, has been acquired by a UK museum.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the US government in the diesel emissions scandal that has rocked the German carmaker.
Cervical, gut and liver cancers are among the most common and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space.
BBC Radio 1 has announced its new line-up of presenters for its 50th birthday celebrations.
Eight whales have died following a second mass stranding of humpback whales off the coast of Shetland.
Three weeks on from the start of the Saudi-led coalition air campaign against Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen, there has been no sign of a let-up in the air strikes.
It is not every day that BBC Radio 4 goes out of its way to commission a programme about love.
 AG Barr, the maker of Irn Bru, is to cut the amount of sugar in its flagship soft drinks range by more than a third.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire director on its board, despite his involvement in a legal battle with the news website Gawker.
A bid has been launched to rebuild one of the world's most famous robots at London's Natural History Museum.
In El Salvador's capital, San Salvador, a television ad has been running for the past two months urging people not to join one of the country's powerful gangs, known as "maras", and to stay away from them.
Great Britain's winter sports are to receive more funding following their success at the 2014 Winter Olympics, UK Sport has confirmed.
Manchester Storm secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Belfast Giants at the SSE Arena.
The head of the public prosecutions service has called for a change in the law to allow prosecutors to decide whether a cyclist's death should be treated as a criminal case.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady's co-accused will not be charged over claims he gave her a letter containing information about his final resting place, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle played out a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
The shape of the electron, one of the building blocks of matter, has been measured with "very, very high precision", scientists say.
The media should not report comments made by MPs in Parliament in breach of parliamentary privilege, the government's top law officer has said.
A man who suffered "life-changing injuries" when he fell through a skylight at a college has had a claim for compensation rejected by a judge.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race in Scotland.
A parking company has said it has taken steps to "mitigate the risk of this reoccurring" after a series of incidents in which drivers were wrongly charged for parking in the same car park.
Plans for a £50m project to improve one of Glasgow's busiest roads have been unveiled following a public consultation.
A new song has been released in South Africa calling on people to unite in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Worcestershire.
There has been a lot of talk in the build-up to the Welsh government's latest budget about the impact of cuts to university funding.
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines over a BBC Countryfile column by naturalist Ian Packham.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 3-2 to take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven World Series.
A fundraising campaign set up by former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell, who has terminal lung cancer, has raised more than £100,000 for treatment in Germany.
Leonardo Ulloa scored a stoppage-time penalty as West Ham came from behind to earn a point against 10-man Leicester at the King Power Stadium.
China is the world's second-largest economy and the largest producer and consumer of energy after the US, and is attracting record amounts of foreign investment.
The Queen will be joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at a street party in central London on Saturday to mark her 90th birthday.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Scientists in the US have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall.
The deputy mayor of Calais, Philippe Mignonet, has said the UK should introduce ID cards in response to the recent scenes of thousands of migrants trying to get to the UK after crossing from North Africa and travelling through Europe.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's players for the first time since taking charge of the Scottish champions.
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said the scope of the investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited".
Wales coach Warren Gatland will not replace Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, according to ex-Wales captain Gareth Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has said he has been "vindicated" by former FBI director James Comey's testimony about his firing by the president.
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police over claims he discussed voting while the polls were open during the Bradford West by-election.
A landslip-hit road in Cornwall which closed for more than two years has been re-opened after a new route has been approved by the council.
A video game based on one of the world's most popular wrestling traditions has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles.
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity in memory of Oscar Knox, who died last year.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed Australia's ambassador to the United States, the government has announced.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has submitted a plan for dealing with the botched Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 have said they believe he died in an accident near the farmhouse where he was last seen playing.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead after carding a two-over-par 73 on the second day of the Dubai Desert Classic.
A bridge where "love locks" were installed as part of a "romance trend" has been removed to prevent further damage.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "give it everything I've got" to catch Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg and win the Formula 1 world title.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found with fatal injuries in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from the River Edzell in Perthshire after it fell into the water.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have warned of a "clown purge" in the wake of the US "killer clown" craze.
Durham Jets earned their first T20 Blast win of the season as rain forced the abandonment of their North Group match against Leicestershire.
South Africa's bowlers dominated the first day of the third Test against India as the hosts reached 200-4 on day one of the three-match series.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has broken three million for the first time, according to new figures.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys when it comes to being physically active, a study of seven-year-olds suggests.
Osteoporosis drugs may increase the risk of fractures in elderly patients who have been taking them for a long time, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan for the rest of the season from Dundee United.
Power has been restored to more than 1,000 customers left without electricity in Greater Manchester after flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Transport for London (TfL) is to stop issuing cash-free bus tickets for the first time as part of plans to save £24m a year.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the next two seasons.
Glasgow-based department store chain Watt's has announced plans to create up to 400 jobs as part of a multi-million pound expansion plan.
With all the walking, running, cycling and gym activity you intend to do over the next few months, you're going to need something to track it all.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a crash in which one person died.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in the Indian Ocean has been called off in the area where pings from the plane's flight recorders were heard, Australian officials say.
Clyde, Arbroath and Elgin City all won their opening games of the Scottish League Two season on Saturday.
Scotland is one of the countries in the UK that voted to leave the European Union.
A former music teacher raped a student in his car while she was on a school trip, a court has heard.
China's oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July, despite the US threatening to impose sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of "pulling the wool over his eyes" over a £39m deal to buy timber from forests hit by a fungus disease.
Council tax bills in England could rise by an average of £200 a year over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
A week ago, the story of a seven-year-old boy who went missing in a remote part of northern Japan was a simple one.
It has been a busy few days in the world of cricket.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has launched his election campaign, promising to "make UKIP great again" and promising to increase the party's membership to 100,000.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be re-introduced after Brexit.
A plaque has been unveiled in Liverpool to honour those who lost their lives fighting in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead in what police believe was an attempted murder by a group of cyclists.
While its existence has become a source of controversy on both sides of the Channel, some people in the United States have said it is a symbol of American patriotism.
The leader of the Baloch separatist movement in Pakistan's restive province of Balochistan has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the country's military.
A few weeks ago we reported very real concerns about the choreography in the aftermath of the summit from Eurosceptic cabinet ministers, worried that the PM would be setting the pace and terms of the debate in its vital early hours.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced he will use social media to express himself while in prison.
A cancer charity has called on the Welsh government to vaccinate boys aged 12 and 13 against a sexually transmitted disease.
The manufacturer of a blue sippy cup for a boy who only drinks from it because the original mould has been found, after a Twitter appeal by a father.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham ended a run of four games without a win by beating Brentford at Griffin Park.
French President Francois Hollande has named Jean-Marc Ayrault as his new foreign minister, the Elysee Palace says.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" through Manchester city centre in the early hours of the morning was not taking a dare, police have said.
The 2017 Winter Olympics and Paralympics are about to start in Sochi, Russia.
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has apologised after being sent off during their pre-season friendly against Le Havre.
A US congressman, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty of running a multi-million dollar bribery and money laundering scheme.
Great Britain are aiming to win at least three Olympic medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games, UK Sport has said.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has set out his latest proposals for a fiscal framework deal with the UK Treasury.
Dayle Southwell scored a late winner as Wycombe recorded their first League Two win of the season with victory at home to Stevenage.
A teenager who stabbed a 15-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Four Northern Ireland rowers have made it through to the semi-finals of the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police in the US over a car crash in which a man died.
India has the potential to become "one of the leading nations in chess boxing", according to the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO).
A fund-raising campaign to save an array of radio telescopes used to search for alien life has raised enough money to allow it to reopen.
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union.
A man who was arrested after spending the night on the roof of an Edinburgh church has been fined for his "stupid, idiotic act".
The Labour Party's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to elect his own shadow cabinet.
A police force has become the first in England and Wales to record all hate crimes against women as a hate crime.
A BBC Spotlight survey for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll suggests most people in Northern Ireland would opt to stay in the UK if a poll was held tomorrow.
An Iranian couple rejected by the Australian government for resettlement in Cambodia have returned to their home country after being sent from Nauru's offshore detention centre.
A sign outside a cafe has been branded "shocking" and "totally inappropriate" following the murder of April Jones.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 10 years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A four-year-old boy who died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot has been named by police.
US tech giant Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24bn) by selling bonds in New York as part of a plan to return money to shareholders.
An NHS trust that runs five hospitals in Kent has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages in A&E, children's care and at night.
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments by US President-elect Donald Trump that he wants to end the "One China" policy.
The director of one of China's first "baby hatches" - where parents are allowed to abandon their sick babies in a bid to save them from the streets - has suspended new admissions, state media report.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and his son who were pulled from the sea while trying to save a friend has been opened and adjourned.
So what is the "lock" that Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have put in their Budget Lock?
The family of a British backpacker who has been missing in Peru for more than a month are planning to fly to the country to search for him.
Peru's President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for a "great transformation" that will lift more people out of poverty.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor, Gwynedd, after being found unconscious in the water by a member of the public.
A group of bikers have been banned from a pub by the owners of a brewery, it has been claimed.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 3-1 win over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A multi-million pound project to rebuild a shopping centre's car park has been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs with production moving to the Republic of Ireland.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales, the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA), has thanked the former chairman of the panel, Peter McKelvie, for his work on the panel.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to recognise one another formally for the first time.
A report into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother and grandmother's dog has called for "greater curiosity" about family pets.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for a two-match friendly tour of Sweden and Norway in January.
Voters in the UK will go to the polls on 23 June to decide whether the country should remain in or leave the European Union (EU).
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution, saying it was "far below expectations".
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen hit an unbeaten century for South Africa's Dolphins in their first Twenty20 match of the season against Australia's Sydney Knights.
A group of Northern Ireland politicians has launched a legal bid to stop the UK leaving the European Union.
Talks are under way to try to resolve the political crisis in Northern Ireland.
French Impressionist painter Claude Monet faced opposition from local farmers over his plans to create a water garden, according to documents unearthed by the Royal Academy of Arts.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed in a fire caused by a controlled explosion has said he is "lucky to be alive".
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked after being found guilty of gross misconduct.
Two goals from Demarai Gray and a late strike from Islam Slimani helped Leicester City beat Championship side Sheffield United in the EFL Cup second round.
Hospitals in Wales are not doing enough to save the lives of patients with sepsis, according to new research.
The estranged wife and children of late US comedian Robin Williams have been ordered to meet in court to settle a dispute over his estate.
A man has been jailed for three years after admitting a £30,000 benefit fraud in which he registered more than 100 false births.
European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Luca Parmitano has walked in space for the first time.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK government's decision not to stop arms sales to Saudi Arabia was "rational", the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order collapse continued as they were beaten by India A in the second of two one-day internationals in Mumbai.
Carnival, the world's biggest cruise company, has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter, despite a sharp fall in ticket prices.
Cannabis will be sold in pharmacies in Uruguay for the first time in July, the government has announced.
A woman whose friend was killed in a fire at a wood treatment plant has been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Bosley.
People in Bristol, in the UK, say they don't think vinegar is a good idea.
Oxfordshire's private sector could be "foolish" not to help the public sector if there are "massive cuts" to public sector spending, a business leader has said.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto, police say.
Tim Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich at the top of the table.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said the UK will have Europe's "biggest and most profitable" high-speed broadband market by 2016.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that many low and middle-income countries are struggling to provide adequate testing facilities for HIV.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says qualifying for Euro 2017 would be the "most special moment" of her career after the disappointment of missing out on the 2010 World Cup.
Crawley Town have signed former West Bromwich Albion defender James Hurst on a free transfer.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has "laid out his position" on the so-called benefit cap, his shadow work and pensions secretary Owen Smith has said.
Bosses have been warned not to allow their staff to be subjected to "Stasi-style surveillance" by reading their emails and text messages.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana in what conservationists have called a "heartbreaking" killing.
An extra £1.1bn will be needed to provide the same level of adult social care services as last year, a survey of councils suggests.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on a new striker in the January transfer window.
Widnes Vikings half-back Joe Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Jamie MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
Inspectors have found 26 areas for improvement at a Dumfries and Galloway hospital where patients with dementia are being treated, according to a report.
Southampton assistant manager Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's Premier League match against Bournemouth.
The Central American nation of Belize is a small, mountainous country on the west coast of the Pacific Ocean, with a population of about 324,000.
A mother-of-two has been found not guilty of having sex with a 15-year-old boy.
A cannabis-based treatment for children with epilepsy is being trialled in the UK for the first time.
Senegalese troops have crossed into The Gambia to try to force President Yahya Jammeh to step down after he refused to accept defeat in last month's election.
It is not often that hundreds of schoolchildren from the same school line up to take part in a free tuition programme at a university.
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he did not intend to interfere with comments made by a TD in the Dáil (parliament) about the personal finances of one of the country's richest men.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Luke MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Profits at oil and gas explorer BG Group have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year, as the company continues to be hit by the lower oil price.
Tourism bosses in Cumbria have warned of a "worrying trend" in forward bookings following recent flooding in the county.
Fleetwood moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Scunthorpe United.
Emergency teams in Nepal are arriving in the capital, Kathmandu, to help the survivors of Saturday's devastating earthquake.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels after the terror attacks in the Belgian capital are "desperate" to find him.
Former champion female jockey Kerry Turner says she hopes her retirement will encourage other female jockeys to take up the sport.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea as part of a restructuring plan.
Human remains found in a river in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as those of an 80-year-old man who went missing while searching for a buried treasure hoard.
A man in his 20s has died following a crash between a car and a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry.
It is not every athlete's dream to go from not being able to throw a ball to winning a Commonwealth Youth Games gold medal.
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row, despite the absence of any major movies to coincide with the Independence Day holiday.
A dog has been rescued from a cliff after getting into difficulty while walking on a beach in Devon.
The sister of a 25-year-old cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in Bethnal Green has appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Newcastle's bid to host the 2015 Rugby World Cup has been hailed as a "huge success" with an estimated £43m economic impact on the city.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a scrappy goalless draw in front of a sell-out crowd at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been rescued after they were found abandoned in a box at a Cardiff zoo.
Newport County moved off the bottom of the League Two table with victory over Mansfield Town at Rodney Parade.
A man has been jailed for helping to cover up the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The future of the Scottish Football Association's performance school programme is under review, according to new chief executive Martin McClair.
A Monet painting of a lily pond, Nympheas, by the French artist Claude Monet, has sold for £31.7m at an auction in London.
Nico Rosberg won the Singapore Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the world title race as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton took third.
Graeme McDowell has been talking about it for a while now.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused US drug giant Pfizer of abusing its dominant position in a cancer drug market by overcharging the NHS up to £50m a year.
The Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body.
Audi has announced it will withdraw from the Le Mans 24-hour endurance race and will compete in the electric racing series Formula E in 2018-19.
A burst water main in Bournemouth has left more than 100 homes without water for several hours.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand in next year's Holyrood elections with a promise to restore tax credits for working families.
Bristol City midfielder Milutin 'Michail' Sredojevic has returned to full training and is available for Friday's Championship game against QPR.
Iraq's election for a new parliament is the first since the 2003 US-led invasion that has seen a major shake-up of the country's political landscape.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for gale force winds across parts of Scotland.
A haul of gold coins believed to date back to the era of the Fatimid Caliphate has been found in the southern Israeli city of Caesarea.
An Australian tennis player has been banned from the sport for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing.
The row over the pay of the chief executives of some of the UK's biggest companies has once again raised the issue of excessive executive pay.
Vocational training colleges are having to try to achieve in two years what schools failed to deliver in a decade of formal education.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after she was found abandoned in an alleyway in Tallaght, County Dublin.
A Singaporean couple who staged a coffin-themed wedding photo shoot in a waterway park has been praised on social media for "breaking the mould" of traditional wedding photo shoots.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's injury-time equaliser earned Birmingham City a point against Huddersfield Town at the John Smith's Stadium.
Downton Abbey has added another high profile guest star to the cast of its fifth series, with the addition of former EastEnders actress Helen Johnston.
The fall in oil prices has had a dramatic impact on the economies of many of the world's largest oil producers, but who are the winners and losers?
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined by the club for failing to turn up to training on time for the second time in a month.
A key part of a machine used to crack the Enigma code during World War Two has been found in a shed in Essex.
Welsh and Indian artists are to work together to create a " hybrid" of their cultures as part of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
The head of one of England's biggest academy chains has been criticised by Ofsted for failing to improve the performance of some of its schools.
Leicester City have signed former France international Mathieu Reveillere on a two-year deal after his release by Napoli.
A proposal by Russia's security service to keep public access to the details of property owned by public officials secret could make it harder to tackle money-laundering, an anti-corruption watchdog has warned.
Nato and Russia have "profound and persistent differences" over the Ukraine conflict, the alliance's top diplomat has said after talks with his Russian counterpart in Brussels.
The use of jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones in Scottish prisons is to be rolled out within weeks, Justice Secretary Derek MacAskill has said.
The US state of Louisiana has been hit by floods of "epic proportions" that have left more than 1,000 people dead and thousands displaced, officials say.
The first female chief pilot of an Australian airline has been appointed, in what is believed to be the first in the country's history.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya in the run-up to the country's presidential election.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro that was filmed and posted online.
Controversial plans for a new golf course in Sutherland have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Google has confirmed it is to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London, despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Stonehenge's ancient inhabitants built a shelter similar to a "modern bungalow" using a tree stump as a wall, it has been revealed.
A chronology of key events:..
Crystal Palace have signed Christian Benteke on loan from Liverpool until the end of the season.
The family of a 92-year-old woman from the Highlands who moved to Australia two years ago are facing deportation back to the UK.
A County Tyrone shoe shop and a road service depot have been badly damaged by flooding caused by Storm Desmond, the Rivers Agency has said.
A task force set up to try to save the steel industry in Scotland has met for the first time.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 28 because of injury.
The mother of a newborn baby girl who was found dead at a bus stop in north Wales is being sought by police.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Premiership will help raise the profile of the top flight, according to Scottish Professional Football League chief executive David Doncaster.
The Welsh government's tuition fee grant should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete with their counterparts in England, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon says he will not worry about his future at the club until Saturday's Championship game at West Bromwich Albion.
The Chinese government is using coercive methods to force foreign companies to "behave yourself" in the country, according to the former head of GlaxoSmithKline in China, Ian McGregor.
Wales beat England in the Euro 2016 semi-final at Wembley on Friday night to seal their place in the quarter-finals.
More than a third of working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by the charity Shelter.
The number of people using contactless payments to pay for goods and services in the UK reached record levels last year, according to the industry.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Saturday have said they are "beyond heartbroken" at his death.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja face the "toughest fighting" as they move out of the centre of the city, the US military says.
Isabelle Linden's first goal for Birmingham City Ladies earned them a 1-1 draw against Reading at the Madejski Stadium.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the Republic of Ireland Under-21 squad for the first time.
UK consumer prices rose in January for the third month in a row, helped by a rise in alcohol and food prices, official figures show.
Great Britain's David Davies and Katie Hermitage won two more gold medals on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Bologna, while David Weir claimed a third.
Plans to improve the A9 at Berriedale Braes have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider bringing in defender Yedlin Yiadom from Middlesbrough until he is told "one way or another" about his future.
The Welsh government has been accused of a "cynical way of spending public money" on a poster campaign to promote the Metro project.
Flanker Sean O'Brien has been named in Ireland's 23-man team to face Scotland in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
The BBC does not get a "fair bang for its buck" for its investment in the Midlands, MPs have said in a debate on the future of the corporation.
Astronomers say they have found the most distant object ever detected in our Solar System.
If you're trying to woo someone with a bouquet of flowers, here's a tip.
England pulled off one of the greatest upsets in the history of rugby union as they stunned world champions New Zealand with a stunning victory in the first Test between the sides.
A group of tech giants has pledged $1bn (Â£700m) to fund research into artificial intelligence (AI).
Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in their opening Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season after six years in charge.
The turnout among young people in the UK's general election has more than doubled in the past two years, according to new research.
Sir Neville Marriner, the conductor and founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, has died at the age of 93.
If you want to know what it feels like to be the bad guy in a bad movie, then the World Championships in Stratford-upon-Avon is a good place to start.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
A ban on the sale of so-called legal highs in the Republic of Ireland has led to a dramatic fall in the number of shops selling the substances.
Giannelli Imbula would consider a move away from Stoke City if the "right offer came in", says manager Mark Hughes.
A man has been killed in a crash between a car and a lorry in Kent.
The body of a man believed to be a missing holidaymaker has been found off the coast of Cornwall.
The BBC's Sound of 2016 has named Sengo as the UK's best new artist of 2016.
The mood at Likud headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief.
A record number of workers in the UK make daily commutes of more than two hours to and from work, according to official figures.
Barra Airport in the Western Isles is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle bridge over the River Severn in Cardiff is set to open later this month after months of delays.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing, which left 22 people dead and 59 injured.
A deal has been reached to cut London taxpayers' contribution to the Garden Bridge project by two thirds, the trust behind the project has said.
Dame Zaha Hadid's water lily sculptures have gone on display at Chatsworth Castle as part of a new exhibition of contemporary art.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" attack in London.
2016 was a difficult year for the arts in Northern Ireland.
This is the statement from Tate director Nicholas Serota, who will be stepping down from the gallery at the end of the month.
The summer transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 July, with clubs in the Premier League and Scottish Premiership being allowed to sign domestic players until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has told the BBC's Asia Business Report that he is optimistic that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the nun who took over from Mother Teresa in India's Kolkata (Calcutta) as the head of a Catholic charity, has died at the age of 90.
Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Rachel Laws on a one-year deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal negotiated by the UK government.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal to sell itself to a group of existing investors for £1.2bn.
Afghanistan is one of the world's most corrupt countries, according to the World Bank, and the BBC's Naseem Akbar has been finding out what it is like to run a business in the country.
The main railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed to allow work to be carried out to improve safety.
A dog with a "unique" feature which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
The first letter written by John Lennon is to be sold at auction later this month, it has been revealed.
The Conservative Party is in danger of falling apart again.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Scotland are "lucky" to have two "inspirational" midfielders in Scott Brown and Darren Fletcher to captain the side in Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland, according to former midfielder Danny Wilson.
A rescue boat made by Welsh students for the RNLI in the 1960s has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the rescue of migrants.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas and used water cannon to break up a protest against a curfew imposed after the killing of a black teenager by a policeman.
Brazil is the world's largest producer and exporter of timber, and one of the biggest exporters of timber in the world.
New South African sides joining the Pro12 will face a "brutal" nine-month schedule in their first season in the competition, according to ex-Edinburgh and Ulster head coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised a Spanish-owned electricity company in a move similar to the nationalisation of Argentina's YPF oil company.
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of KFC and Pizza Hut, have risen after the company reported better-than-expected sales growth in China.
Plans to demolish more than 600 homes on Sheerwater estate in Woking to make way for a £200m regeneration scheme have been criticised by residents.
More than 100 workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on a drilling platform.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have elected their first black council members since a black teenager was shot dead by a white police officer last year.
The TUC has called on trade unions to co-ordinate industrial action against the government's "savage and opportunistic attack" on public services.
Kilmarnock's appointment of Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal comes at a crucial time for the Premiership club.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins became the first British rider to win a world time trial gold medal since 1994 with victory at the Road World Championships.
The speed of change, development and growth in Asia is staggering, particularly when you compare it to the inability of Washington DC to get anything done.
Two Australian men have been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney, police say.
An MP has admitted he has "some responsibility" for a council's £10.25m loan to a football club which has never been paid back.
Young people born in the early 1980s have less wealth than their predecessors by the age of 30, according to a new report.
A collection of photographs of Star Wars characters has been taken in the Firth of Forth in Shetland.
Ray Moore has stepped down from his roles as Indian Wells tournament director and chief executive after making controversial comments about women's tennis.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill has left the club after five years in charge.
A court in New York has ordered the trial of Hank Greenberg, the former co-founder of insurance giant JP Morgan Chase, to begin next month.
Marcus Trescothick hit a double century for Somerset before Nottinghamshire took control on day three of their Division Two match against Somerset at Trent Bridge.
Two directors of a turkey processing company in Newport have been jailed for food hygiene offences.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been honoured for his "incredible bravery".
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" it will be able to come up with a fix for 11 million diesel cars affected by the emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester 3-2 at Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing during a one-day international against England in October.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after his record-equalling Masters win, adding: "I've been eating like a pig and haven't run for two weeks."
Sky Sports will show the first Friday night Premier League game of the 2016-17 season for the first time.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is due to meet the leader of Fianna Fáil in Dublin later to try to reach an agreement on a programme for government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year contract with the club, with the option of a further year.
A baby albino deer has been born at a zoo in the US state of Oregon in America.
A missing family of 12 from Luton who failed to return home from a holiday in Bangladesh may have gone to Syria, police have said.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has unveiled plans for a £100m gondola system which would be the first of its kind in Wales.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it must hand over documents relating to a claim of misconduct by a loyalist businessman.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of "choking" when it came to responding to Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 election.
A football club has apologised after residents said they were woken up by a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Gunmen have opened fire on the offices of two opposition newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul, setting fire to one and setting the other on fire, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast, six years after an appeal to raise money for it was launched.
A blogger who sued a council's chief executive for £25,000 has had her case against him dropped due to "insufficient evidence", prosecutors have said.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating a suspected mid-air theft on an Emirates flight from Dubai to Hong Kong.
France's presidential candidate has said he will seek to reform the European Union if he wins the election, saying the EU is "no more sustainable" than it is now.
A man who was born in the UK to a Jamaican mother and British father has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation from the country.
A senior banker has been banned from working in the City for life after admitting he avoided paying the full London Underground fare by boarding a train from a rural station without buying a ticket.
Four former UK foreign secretaries have urged David Cameron to raise corruption in Russia when he visits Moscow on Sunday.
Hartlepool striker Jake Cassidy scored his first goal of the National League season as they drew 1-1 at Macclesfield.
Iran will not decommission its Arak nuclear reactor, despite reports that it has done so, the country's nuclear chief has said.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die in World War One, has long been one of the most mysterious in British military history.
David Haye says he will "happily pay" a fine if he is found guilty of misconduct by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) following his controversial defeat by Tony Bellew in London on Saturday.
The battle to save BHS from the collapse of the High Street department store chain is entering its final days.
Thousands of workers in South Africa have gone on strike for the second day in a row in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A US man who was shot during a struggle with a gunman on a train from Amsterdam to Paris last year has been awarded France's highest honour for bravery.
A Borders town's main road is to be closed to allow work to be carried out on a new flood protection scheme.
A £900m deal to create a combined authority for the Solent region is "almost certainly dead", council leaders have said.
Middlesbrough have re-signed Marten de Roon from Everton for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
The railway carriage that carried Winston Churchill's coffin when he died has been restored after being taken to a Northumberland museum for the first time in 50 years.
A GP practice in south-east London says it has seen its busiest week on record.
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after five people suffered injuries when it was incorrectly re-assembled.
Banks in India are marking the fingers of millions of people with indelible ink to stop them from exchanging banned high-denomination bank notes.
American football star Jessica Chastain, who won the 1999 Women's World Cup, is to donate her brain to research into the effects of concussion.
A woman has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Fairlie, North Lanarkshire.
Hampshire and Worcestershire batsman Phil Hughes has died at the age of 25 after being hit by a ball while playing for Australia.
Souleymane Aluko's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City as they came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest at the KCOM Stadium.
The search for a cure for type 1 diabetes has taken a major step forward with the discovery that lab-made cells can be used to treat the disease.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association after being involved in an incident with Watford fans during Saturday's 2-2 draw.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club have a squad that can compete at the top end of the Scottish Premiership next season.
Women's Super League One side Chelsea Ladies have signed Sweden goalkeeper Anna Lindahl on a one-year contract extension.
One of the world's best-known images of an Afghan girl, immortalised on the cover of National Geographic magazine, has been arrested in Pakistan.
In the early days of the industrial revolution it was not unusual for inventors to come up with their ideas in the back of a garage.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve travel times on the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has been missing from her home in Greater Manchester for more than a week.
A seven-year-old girl who was missing for more than 24 hours has been found safe and well, police have said.
A gay vicar has said the Church of England is " institutionally homophobic and has policies and attitudes towards the LGBT community which are harmful".
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen defender Jonny Hayes has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with the club.
Belfast Giants' Elite League title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 4-2 by Nottingham Panthers in the opening game of a double-header in Belfast on Friday night.
At Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, Hassan Hassan is one of the city's best-known lifeguards.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint by Pope Francis.
Critics have praised a new exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate Modern.
A man accused of killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him has denied killing him, a court has heard.
A Leeds United employee was suspended because of her relationship with the club's head coach, a tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a female steward who he called "Hitler" during a row over crowd control at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager, saying he wants to "savor life while he is still relatively young and relatively healthy".
The closure of Ceredigion's only residential home for the elderly has been described as "absurd" by unions.
The US space agency's Juno probe has taken some of the most spectacular images of Jupiter ever taken.
"There is no such thing as a perfect storm."
A Wigan-based biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A Pembrokeshire firm behind the collapse of a £2.3m motorbike project has published a new update on how its funding was distributed.
Malaysian police say they believe Islamic State (IS) militants were involved in an attack on a restaurant in which four people were killed last month.
The race to be the next United Nations secretary-general faces a major challenge because of a lack of support for the candidates from Eastern Europe.
Italian police say they have arrested 13 people suspected of being part of a Kurdish-Kurdish jihadist network in an anti-terrorism operation across Europe.
An RAF serviceman whose war medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he is "proud" they have been returned.
British authors Jim Crace and Kevin Barry have been nominated for this year's Irish equivalent of the Man Booker Prize for Fiction for their novels Harvest and City of Bohane.
The future of a Leicestershire museum has been put in doubt after funding for a project to improve the site was withdrawn.
Arsenal came from behind to draw with Manchester United as Theo Walcott's late equaliser snatched a point at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions in their innings-and-96-run defeat by Bangladesh in Chittagong.
Thirty years ago this week, the Zeebrugge ferry disaster off the coast of Belgium took place.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are helping to save the lives of hundreds of bats that have been stranded in their homes because of the bad weather.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a London Underground train in what police are treating as a hate crime.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, meaning that the UK as a whole will be leaving the EU.
Three pupils have been expelled from Dumfries and Galloway High School after a small amount of cannabis was found on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to life under Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink with a comfortable victory over Leeds United at Loftus Road.
Five police officers have appeared in court accused of using a police helicopter for "inappropriate filming".
Microsoft has unveiled a new Xbox SmartGlass device that connects to Windows 8-powered tablets and smartphones.
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way this weekend, with Celtic, Aberdeen, Hearts and Dundee United all looking to build on last season's success.
Passengers at Gatwick Airport were forced to divert to Stansted Airport after a drone was spotted near the airport's runway.
The prominent Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released from prison after serving two-thirds of a two-year sentence.
Aberdeen's slim hopes of a top-four finish suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by 10-man Rangers at Ibrox.
A private company is set to bid for a £1.2bn contract to run cancer services in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in France to commemorate the Jersey soldiers who died during World War One.
Exeter Chiefs fought back from 19-5 down at half-time to earn a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks and move up to second in the Premiership.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into alleged abuse and neglect at care homes in south Wales.
Burkina Faso missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations as they were beaten 1-0 by Democratic Republic of Congo.
An Indian writer-activist has been arrested and charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have collided at an airport in the US state of Michigan, with the wing of one hitting the tail of the other.
The number of people looking for work in Scotland rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures, compared with the same period last year.
A university chemistry student has developed "the most environmentally friendly falling snow products in the world", a film company has said.
The number of patients being cared for at home by mental health trusts in England has fallen by 10% in the past year, according to new figures.
The mother of a schoolgirl with a rare genetic condition has said it is a "huge weight off her shoulders" that a new drug for her daughter has been approved for use on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell have told the Scottish Professional Football League that Saturday's Premiership match against MK Dons will go ahead after the majority of their first team squad recovered from illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, one of the founding fathers of the Republican Party, has died at the age of 91.
A plumbing company has been fined £10,000 after faults were found in more than 300 homes in Poole and Reading.
The University of Groningen in the Netherlands has a name that means "English University" - and it is not hard to see why.
The Ulster-Scots language was first officially recognised in Northern Ireland in the 18th Century, when a law was passed to protect it from the threat of the Irish language.
A California mother-of-three who was kidnapped last month has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to crack down on so-called street performers in Times Square, a popular tourist destination in the US city.
A paralysed man who was forced to stay in a mental health hospital for more than a year after he refused to leave has been given a new home.
Pregnant women in the UK are being put at risk by the use of private genetic testing services, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
Plans to make walking and cycling part of "everyday life" in Wales have been set out by the Welsh government.
If you are going to run for president, and you want to be president, you need to have the support of a certain group of people.
More than 1,000 competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Race, the world's biggest mountain bike race.
Former Conservative leader Sir Kevin Mitchel has said he may have breached House of Commons rules over his use of parliamentary facilities.
Shares in China's Weibo, the country's biggest microblogging site, have soared on their first day of trading in the US.
The Great Britain wheelchair basketball team are back in the UK for the first time in more than a year.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a bus in Edinburgh.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has threatened to "totally destroy" the US island of Guam with a "fire and fury like the world has never seen".
A British diver who was due to face trial in Malta over the deaths of two friends has said he is "elated" that charges against him have been dropped.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
Ukrainian authorities in Zaporizhya, a city in the east of the country, have begun a campaign to remove communist-era monuments from the streets.
Rory McIlroy has made it clear he will not be satisfied if his team-mates win a match against him at this week's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retail giant Amazon has been accused of trying to avoid paying tax on profits made in the UK by shifting them abroad.
Migrants who lose their lives at sea trying to reach Europe are among the hundreds of thousands of people who have been killed in Europe's migrant crisis.
Justin Gatlin, the American sprinter who was banned twice for using performance-enhancing drugs, is now one of the greatest comeback stories in sport.
A Northamptonshire MP who is under investigation over a £10m loan to a football club has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it has yet to receive any indication from the new owners of the Premier League club about their plans for the club.
A man has pleaded not guilty to causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd last year.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has "no doubts" about his side's patriotism after Wales forward Gareth Bale accused them of lacking it.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he will not give Ed Miliband advice on the party's dispute with the Unite union over candidate selection, saying it would be wrong for him to do so.
Theresa May has said she was described as a "bloody difficult woman" by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker ahead of last week's Brexit meeting.
Raith Rovers have signed Livingston midfielder Scott Martin on a two-year contract after he turned down a new deal with the Scottish Championship club.
The Circuit of Wales is "well outside the natural agglomeration" of the UK's motor sport industry, according to one of its owners.
Southampton City Council has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs and close two care homes in a bid to save Â£30m over the next three years.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with their first win of the season.
League Two side Ipswich Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a season-long loan deal from Championship side Fulham.
A man and a woman found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named by police.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England next month after suffering a calf injury.
The family of a schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a convicted murderer have said they are "stunned" at an inquest into her death.
Dozens of people have been killed in an attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan by suspected Taliban fighters, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the disgraced Australian entertainer convicted of child sex abuse in the UK, is facing a backlash in his home country.
The boss of PSA Group, the owner of Peugeot and Citroen, is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss a possible takeover of Vauxhall.
One of Scotland's biggest salmon producers has reported a loss for the first three months of the year after being hit by "exceptional mortalities".
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has said he will ask the public spending watchdog to investigate claims about Invest NI's use of public money.
Scientists in the US say they have isolated chemicals from sweetgrass that could be used as a new insect repellent.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend in front of a 16-year-old girl at a concert.
An app which helps people share pictures of litter and report it to their local council may not seem a threat to anyone, but Google is taking Facebook to court over its use of the word "litter".
Tests on water supplies in a Cambridgeshire town have found "hormone-like organisms" in the water, Anglian Water has said.
In this week's Tech Tent, we look at the future of virtual reality, the rise of video games online and the impact of artificial intelligence.
England thrashed Pakistan by an innings and 61 runs in the second Test at Lord's to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
The Japan Society of Northern Ireland is a place where Japanese culture and language come together.
David Cameron has said a joint UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons should be based on a Russian plan to remove them from the country.
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a book about David Cameron's former Oxford University days, has been admitted to hospital after suffering a heart attack while promoting his book.
The Taliban have captured Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand from the Afghan security forces.
People living near an Essex prison have been told to lock their doors and windows after packages were thrown over the wall in an attempt to smuggle contraband into the jail.
The Church in Wales is to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first women priests to be ordained in the country.
Councillors have been asked to approve the final outline design of a £50m flood defence scheme in the Borders.
Sinn FÃ©in's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said it is now up to the SDLP and Alliance Party to decide whether they will join the Northern Ireland Executive.
The search for the bodies of two winchmen and the pilot of an Irish coastguard helicopter that crashed in the Republic of Ireland has resumed off the County Mayo coast.
Check out this amazing video of the world's largest ever dragon-riding festival in China.
The first all-amputee crew to row across the Atlantic Ocean have completed the Talisker Challenge.
A second tidal turbine has been installed in Shetland to generate electricity for the first time.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train believed to be buried in Poland say they have told state authorities of the location of the alleged find.
Bradford City midfielder Joe Darby has turned down a new one-year contract with the League One club.
In her first interview since becoming the new director of the Tate, Sarah Balshaw has set out her vision for the institution.
The CIA director John Brennan's personal email account has been hacked by a hacker, according to documents published by a whistle-blowing website.
Watching a team of robots play football is a bit like watching a human team play football.
A US tourist has been raped by three men in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say, the second such attack of its kind in recent months.
Former World Cup winner Abby Wambach has been charged with driving under the influence of drugs after police said she first tried cocaine at the age of 25.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine as defending champion Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in England earn 22% less than their counterparts in countries such as Greece, Greece and Portugal, according to a report by the OECD.
Relatives of four Chinese migrant workers killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the UK government's refusal to hold a public inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Kristoffer Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have said they will return to Scotland after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled because of "safety issues" on stage.
Some schools in England are failing to meet the requirement of the school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator for England.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points as they came from behind to beat Swansea at White Hart Lane.
Celtic captain Scott Brown has told his team-mates they need to "get themselves together" and "get back to winning ways" if they are to end the season on a high.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
What do you do if you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and you don't have a job?
Russia has begun military exercises in its southern military district, days after pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine tested heavy artillery and rocket systems.
A nurse who posted offensive comments about a Stafford Hospital nurse on Facebook has been struck off the health register.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying dozens of Tunisian and Turkish activists trying to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Scotland's political parties have been campaigning across the country ahead of the general election on 7 May.
Mesothelioma victims who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim damages under a new compensation fund, the government has announced.
Blackburn Rovers missed the chance to secure their Championship survival as they were held to a draw by Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have signed former Shrewsbury Town and Macclesfield Town striker David Barnett on a one-year deal.
Riek Machar, the former vice-president of South Sudan, has said he will return to the country to fight against the government.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down 0.4% at 6,965.
A man has died after being restrained by police officers during an incident in Dorset.
The founder of the Dawkins Foundation, Prof Richard Dawkins, has welcomed figures from the 2011 census showing a fall in the number of Christians in Wales.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last surviving members of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died at the age of 100.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality, police say.
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with a comfortable victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
For a club that has been in the Football League for more than a decade, there is no such thing as a new manager.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in thousands of Syrian refugees, according to Cosla, the body that represents Scottish councils.
Graeme Shinnie scored a stunning late winner as Aberdeen came from behind to beat Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League second qualifying round tie.
A Canadian police helicopter has come under fire after its pilots were overheard having an expletive-laden discussion about money.
A teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a row over a perceived slight.
Defending champion Andy Murray beat Italian Fabio Fognini in a five-set thriller to reach the fourth round of the Australian Open on Centre Court.
A man arrested in connection with a bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund football team's bus in April was motivated by financial greed, German prosecutors say.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a man who died after being tackled by police during a chase by officers.
Gillingham have appointed Kevin Pennock as caretaker manager until the end of the season, with Graham Taylor returning to the club as director of football.
Police in India have dropped sedition charges against seven Muslim men who were arrested last week for allegedly shouting anti-India slogans during the World Twenty20 cricket match between India and Pakistan.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing the Islamic State (IS) militant group to smuggle oil into the country in exchange for cash.
The US government has said it will not grant an easement to cross a North Dakota lake to allow the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, despite protests by Native Americans.
An alpaca that was seriously injured in a dog attack in the New Forest has died, its owner has said.
The director general of the Northern Ireland Prison Service has said she is "devastated" at the death of a prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack.
A witness at the trial of three men accused of murdering a 23-year-old man in Aberdeen has told a court the victim was in a "bad way" when he was arrested.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim boss Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to show he has the "quality" to become the permanent manager of the national team.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has had his appeal against his red card against Celtic rejected.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after using the term "hipsters" to describe a fire that destroyed a number of businesses in east London.
A man who was previously jailed for killing a man has admitted attacking another man with an axe and knife at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans to build a new stadium in Sudmeadow, Gloucestershire.
South Wales Police are investigating after members of Britain First visited a Cardiff mosque following claims it was "radicalised".
A project has been launched to create 3D renderings of artefacts lost in the recent Mosul earthquake in Iraq.
More needs to be done to cut the number of people dying from alcohol-related illnesses in Wales, a report has said.
The wreck of a ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago is to be excavated for the first time.
West Ham's move from the Boleyn Ground to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon will have a knock-on effect on the local economy, according to businesses in the area where the club will be based.
Shrien Dewani, the man accused of ordering the murder of his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to face trial.
Thousands of terminally-ill patients in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland are missing out on vital end-of-life care, according to a new report.
South Africa bowled out England for 138 on the final day of the fourth Test to complete a crushing innings-and-96-run victory and complete a series whitewash.
Astronomers using a radio telescope in the US have produced some of the most detailed maps yet of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has proposed toughening up the penalties for attacks on teachers in a bid to improve the image of the profession.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he was dumped in a park in Honolulu, Hawaii, after being robbed at knifepoint during a night out in Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they take on Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, according to former Dons captain Jim Miller.
One of the last known associates of Osama Bin Laden, Abu Jandal al-Bahri, has died in hospital in Yemen, officials say.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted for a second time in a week, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes in the south of the country.
North Carolina Republican Thom Tillis has won the party's nomination for the US Senate race against Democratic incumbent Kay Hagan, in a contest seen as a test of party unity ahead of November's election.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college's previous management team as part of a multi-million pound spending spree, the BBC has learned.
Cuts of up to 40% to the police budget in north Wales would be a "significant challenge" for the force, a senior officer has warned.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram in which he threatens to kill Russian opposition leader Alexei Kasyanov.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 4-3 defeat by the Manchester Storm in Saturday night's Elite League game at the SSE Arena.
Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta says it has received a threat of "retribution" from Muslim clerics in Chechnya after it reported that gay people were being persecuted in the republic.
Harrison Ford, who played Han Solo in the latest Star Wars film, has confirmed he is to return to the role of Indiana Jones.
Pace bowler James Anderson became England's all-time leading one-day international wicket-taker after taking his 200th in the match against Australia.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced the closure of 100 more branches across the UK, bringing the total number of branches it plans to close to more than 300.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drugs business for $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn) in a bid to boost its respiratory medicines business.
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction in Conwy county for £1,000.
The FA Cup is one of the world's most prestigious cup competitions, and this year's extra preliminary round is no exception.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Robert Shatter, has been at the centre of a series of high-profile controversies in recent years.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Aarons has left the League One club to return to his native DR Congo.
An anti-bullying charity has called for a gym's advert to be removed after it was branded "in poor taste" and "offensive".
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in the fight against breast cancer by discovering how the disease can spread to the bone.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg after the Football Association found there was insufficient evidence to charge him.
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final as they were held to a draw by Barcelona in the second leg of their semi-final second leg at Mestalla.
It's one of China's best-loved stories, but a new TV series based on it is causing a stir in the country, with critics saying it's a "whitewashing" and "insulting" of the country's history.
Two previously unseen cels from one of Walt Disney's most famous films have sold for more than £20,000 at auction.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant by posting a mugshot of himself on Facebook.
Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn says he is "beginning discussions" with Wladimir Klitschko over a potential world heavyweight title fight.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car as she crossed a road outside a Bedfordshire school, a court has heard.
Amnesty International (AI) has called for "urgent action" from Qatar to prevent the 2022 World Cup in the country being "built on forced labour and exploitation".
Google Street View has captured 360-degree images of some of Scotland's most famous canals using a camera backpack.
Laptops made by Lenovo have been found to contain hidden adware designed to help users find the cheapest products on the web, the BBC has learned.
Taylor Swift has won album of the year at the Grammys for her album Taylor Swift: The Album for the second time.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in more than a decade in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in County Antrim.
Police in Milan have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of armed robberies in the Italian capital in the style of the 1970s film A Clockwork Orange.
The pilot of a Turkish military jet has been killed in a crash near the border with Syria, Turkish media report.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the presidential election result in the Supreme Court.
Rachel Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales women beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to record their first win of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing full-frontal nudity in its latest issue.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a thrilling points victory over Matt Macklin in Berlin.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most popular and controversial politicians.
Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner has warned of a "devastating impact" on standards of policing if the force is forced to make further cuts.
Critically endangered species such as the yellow crested cockatoo can become self-sustaining as a separate population outside of their natural range, a study suggests.
Libya's defence minister has said he will stay in his post despite resigning in protest at a new law banning former officials from holding public office.
Venezuela's acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep the room where he was born in the home of late President Hugo Chavez in Caracas.
EastEnders fans are having a party to find out who killed Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Mathieu Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Leicester City are close to agreeing a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain.
Stem cells from the liver could be used to regenerate diseased livers, according to researchers in Edinburgh.
Ofcom could be able to fine mobile networks up to £20,000 a day if they fail to hit agreed service goals, the government has proposed.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre.
The 60th anniversary of the opening of a Nazi concentration camp in Mauthausen, Germany, is being marked this week with a ceremony honouring Spain's Nazi victims.
A Kent council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to pay out more than £5m in compensation following the deaths of dozens of sheep.
Scottish League One leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points with victory over Queen's Park.
An 88-year-old musician has been reunited with his old bandmates after a 25-year gap, after he was diagnosed with dementia.
Modern humans began interbreeding with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought, according to a new analysis of ancient DNA.
Leading Syrian opposition figures have met in the capital, Damascus, for the first time since the start of the anti-government uprising in March.
Spanish police have used baton charges to disperse Leicester City fans who clashed with officers in a central square in Madrid during Tuesday night's Champions League match.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming the system" by putting too many pupils in for early GCSEs, the education minister has said.
Two 15-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in Wisconsin in a bid to please the fictional horror character Slender Man have pleaded not guilty in court.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in north-eastern Nigeria more than two years ago has been found safe and well, the Nigerian army says.
A man has died following a suspected chemical incident at a house in south-east London.
Toshiba's US nuclear business, Westinghouse, has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential soul and funk groups of the 1970s, and one of America's best-loved groups of all time.
No-one watches The Apprentice to see the winners.
The new series of Geordie Shore is back and Nathan and Chloe have revealed they were both apprehensive about going into the show.
Trams are set to return to Birmingham's streets for the first time in more than 60 years as part of a project to expand the city's tram network.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the Formula 1 world title despite being well outside the title race, according to their team principal.
It's been more than a year since the devastating earthquake that hit Nepal in South East Asia.
Celtic midfielder Ahmed Feruz has absconded from a court in Glasgow where he was due to stand trial for driving under the influence of alcohol.
The coma of a US student held in North Korea for more than a year was probably caused by a respiratory arrest, his doctors have said, contradicting North Korea's account of what caused it.
Alastair Cook made his first century in more than two years as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis in their final warm-up game before the first Test against West Indies.
Welshman Liam Evans retained his IBF lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over England's David Ormond in Cardiff.
A protest against the Welsh language has taken place outside the Welsh government's headquarters in Llandudno.
The head of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), Mark Thompson, has told MPs he would review the tax affairs of footballers if he was in charge.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Aneurin Gurney says he is "excited" about his future at the club despite their relegation from Division One of the County Championship.
The constituency of Mebyon Kernow in Cornwall has decided not to stand in the general election on 8 June.
Two women have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a house fire in Bournemouth which police believe was started deliberately.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have gathered for the funeral of Keighley Cougars player Adam Jones, who died after collapsing on the pitch during a match last month.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people in the wake of a wave of protests against his labour market reforms.
Tributes have been paid to British MP Jo Cox, who has been killed in an assassination attempt in the House of Commons.
More than £100m is to be spent on renting out council homes in Wales over the next three years, the Welsh government has announced.
Chelsea suffered a second successive Champions League defeat for the first time this season as they were held to a draw by Porto in Group F.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship at this year's Bafta TV awards.
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to reintroduce a cull of badgers in England 10 years ago, it has emerged.
A man in his 20s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 motorway in County Armagh.
Norwegian Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russia's Sergey Karjakin in what was billed as the "match of the century" at the World Chess Championship.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who resigned from the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's decision to stand down as deputy leader has donated to candidates across the political spectrum.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after his car was involved in a collision with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two orphaned baby otters are being cared for by a team of vets at the University of Bristol in the Republic of Ireland.
A deal by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) to buy timber from a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a disease may have breached EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
Alexandra Palace, the former home of the BBC, is to be turned into a permanent home for the corporation's TV studios and a theatre, it has been announced.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright has played down speculation linking him with a move away from McDiarmid Park.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being "the most abusive to women in the history of politics".
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated" by the referee's decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in the 3-3 draw at Ibrox.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from Loch Melfort and other areas of Argyll and Bute after high levels of bacteria were found.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones on a one-year deal after he was released by Wigan Athletic.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's five-year Football Association ban for betting on matches has been extended by one year after his appeal against it was rejected.
A son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of his father at the Old Bailey.
A video about a Chinese man's decision to set up a retirement home for retired police dogs has been viewed more than 14 million times on social media.
The husband of a mother who died after giving birth to a baby boy at a hospital where 11 babies died has told a misconduct hearing there is "no evidence" two midwives knew she was unwell.
The waters around Wales are "absolutely perfect" for leatherback turtles after a "sudden increase" in the number of sightings off the coast of the UK, conservationists have said.
An American Airlines plane carrying 161 people was forced to make an emergency landing at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after an engine failure, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered his finance minister to set up a team to prepare a plan of defence in the event of a national emergency.
Hundreds of London Underground ticket offices are set to close as part of plans to reduce the number of staff on the capital's Tube network.
A man has been charged in connection with an alleged racist attack on a woman outside a supermarket in Buckinghamshire.
Germany's Thomas Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the third time in four years after taking a one-point lead into Sunday's showjumping finale.
Lives lost, families torn apart and people killed.
A former Vatican secretary of state has given €200,000 (Â£150,000; $250,000) to a children's hospital in Rome after a scandal over his alleged misuse of public funds to renovate his private residence.
The Peanuts characters Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are back in the big screen.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that the trial of two high school football players accused of raping a teenage girl will be held in public.
Nigerians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, with Muhammadu Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Goodluck Jonathan of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) the two main contenders.
Essex are aiming to become only the second team to win the County Championship title in their first year back in Division One after promotion from Division Two, says head coach Gary Silverwood.
As the dust settles on the EU referendum campaign, there will be a sense of relief and relief that Britain has come out on the right side of the debate.
A corn snake has been found in the back of an RSPCA van in Bridgend county.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a 1-1 draw at home to Exeter City, thanks to a second-half equaliser from Joe John-Lewis.
Exeter made it seven wins in a row as they thrashed 10-man Crewe to move into the League Two play-off places.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda, who won an Oscar for his film Man of Iron, has died at the age of 88.
An advert for the Independent newspaper may have been infected with malware in an attempt to trick readers into paying a ransom, according to security experts.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's long jump with a new personal best of 15.17m in Rio.
An ancient weir discovered on the south coast of England was built more than 1,000 years ago, it has been revealed.
"If you want to know how to be a great power, just ask the United States."
A man has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences, police have said.
A gold pendant found in the grave of an Anglo-Saxon woman in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner.
An NHS trust which provides mental health services in Lancashire has been rated "outstanding" by a health watchdog.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has no new injury worries for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final second leg against Arsenal.
England began their autumn international campaign with an emphatic victory over South Africa at Twickenham to record a third successive win over the Springboks under Eddie Jones.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find a job for his 80-year-old father after he said he could not find him a job.
Highland Council is being urged to do more to help asbestos sufferers who have been exposed to the material while working in the construction industry.
Liverpool's mayor has set out plans to cut £90m from the city's budget in a bid to save money over the next three years.
Liverpool fans are to be asked if they are in favour of the reintroduction of safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer while she was on duty at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Tommy Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster came from behind to beat Colchester at the Keepmoat Stadium.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time since 1983 after winning their quarter-final matches in straight sets.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to form an alliance with a former prime minister to fight the far-right candidate in next month's election.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji movie, it has been announced.
Great Britain's Hannah Toulson has won gold in the women's synchronised 10m platform at the European Aquatics Championships ahead of the World Championships.
A County Antrim man who admitted downloading and viewing child pornography has been spared jail.
An exhibition to mark the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One has opened at a Powis castle.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie of himself in a bid to help track him down.
A man who attacked two police officers with a machete in Belgium, leaving one of them with serious facial injuries, has been named by prosecutors.
UBS has been formally placed under official investigation in France over alleged tax evasion and money laundering, officials say.
The cost of renting a home in London is unaffordable in more than half of the capital's boroughs, according to a report by the charity Shelter.
The number of vacancies for children's social workers in England has risen by more than 1,800 in the past year, official figures show.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp slowdown in sales growth for the first quarter of the year as it continues to expand its business.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is to end patent protection for some of its drugs in some of the world's poorest countries.
A Northern Ireland health trust has agreed to pay £5.3m in damages to the parents of a baby girl who suffered severe health problems after she was delivered by Caesarean section.
It's one of the most talked-about shows of the last few years - and now it's about to get even more popular.
A "northern powerhouse" of underachievement in England's secondary schools is a "national concern", says Ofsted.
The chairman of the Electoral Reform Commission has said he is "very worried" about the findings of a review into the handling of postal votes.
Oscar-nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be part of the Oscars awards season, saying it is "the stupidest thing in the whole world".
A man has admitted killing a man with a single punch after a brawl in Edinburgh city centre.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side need to "get the winning feeling back" if they are to end the Premier League season on a high.
Great Britain won their first ever men's 4x200m freestyle relay gold at the World Championships with a thrilling victory over the United States in Kazan.
A mechanic has been sacked after a dashboard camera recorded him driving a car at 57mph in a 30 mph zone while it was being serviced.
Four people have been killed in an attack on a security compound in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and UK over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates.
The world premiere of the new animated film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles, USA.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes President Barack Obama's supporters are behind protests against his administration.
More than half of staff at Queen's University in Belfast are unhappy with the way senior leaders at the university manage change, according to a new survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to steal £50,000 from a cash machine at a supermarket in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are not getting the mental health support they need because of a "toxic" working environment, according to two charities.
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams has welcomed Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with Ospreys.
London is celebrating its annual Christmas celebrations this year, with many of the capital's streets and markets marking the festive season with festive lights, decorations, music, food and of course the famous Christmas tree.
The Killers' Brandon Flowers, the frontman of US rock band The Killers, talks to the BBC about his new album, The Desired Effect, and why he's "not ashamed" of being a pop star.
A teenager who died of leukaemia after being diagnosed with the disease at the age of 16 has married his fiancee in a hospital chapel.
A leading Australian politician is calling for a four-day working week in a bid to reduce the number of people working too many hours.
British swimmer Jack Burnell has described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 200m individual medley as "outrageous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Ashley Rudolph has urged the club's senior players to "stand up" after a third successive County Championship defeat.
Ford has reported better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of the year, helped by strong sales of trucks and SUVs in North America and Europe.
A man accused of murdering a police officer and dismembered his body has told a court he had "no intention of causing him harm" when he killed him.
Mark Haigh has resigned as managing director of Leeds United following the takeover of the club by Massimo Cellino's GFH group.
A Kent council is considering raising council tax by more than £500,000 after being left short of £580,000 in government funding.
Spain's Socialist leader has lost a vote of confidence in the lower house of parliament after his bid to form a government was defeated.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for the experience of their heavy defeat by New Zealand next year.
Two ambulance crew have been uninjured after their vehicle was involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Poland's Football Minister Mateusz Pohorecki says his country will pass on lessons learned from Euro 2012 to host the next European Championship to Uefa ahead of the 2020 tournament in France.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has unveiled a portrait of himself at the National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh after failing to attend Westminster's debate on Syria.
A new report has set out the case for extending the Borders Railway in a bid to maximise the region's economic potential.
A feasibility study into the possibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle has been given the go-ahead by Transport Scotland.
Older people are increasingly turning to technology to help them cope with the challenges of ageing - and a growing number of firms are trying to cater for their needs.
A ferry which crashed into a pier on the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier during high winds will return to service later.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a sequel to his film This is England '86, the Channel 4 drama about the 1980s skinhead riots.
Former chief secretary to the Treasury Jack Straw has said he will be "open-minded" in a review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns lost his IBF featherweight title to Namibia's Julius Indongo on a unanimous points decision at the Hydro in Glasgow.
A group of Syrian refugees living in Northern Ireland are using their skills as stonemasons to help restore the beauty of the Mourne mountains in County Down.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a house fire in Fraserburgh in 2014.
A man thought to be one of two men wanted in connection with an attempted abduction at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has failed in its latest attempt to launch a mid-range missile, according to South Korean officials.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have called for "greater transparency" over the Scottish government's tax and spending plans.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched what it says will be the world's first real-time Earth observation network.
Hull FC continued their impressive start to the Super League season with a thumping victory over Catalans Dragons at the Stade Gilbert Brutus.
The next round of consultation on plans to build more than 100,000 homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester has been delayed, the BBC has learned.
Thousands of British soldiers have complained that their new body armour and load-carrying systems are too heavy and they are unable to squeeze all their equipment into their rucksacks.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Stoke City striker Joe Gordon on loan for the rest of the season.
A troupe of children's entertainers who were attacked by a group of youths who claimed they were not real elves have said they may not return to the same venue next year.
A march calling for an independent inquiry into alleged miscarriages of justice in Northern Ireland's Troubles-era prosecutions has been moved from Londonderry to Coleraine.
Former Chelsea and Southampton defender Paul Le Saux says football needs to "face its demons" and give openly gay players the chance to succeed in the game.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age settlement in Dorset, believed to be one of the earliest open settlements in Britain.
People who are deaf or hard of hearing in Wales are "desperate" for help to find work because of a lack of specialist support, a charity has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is "happy" with his current squad, but is prepared to listen to offers for some of his top players.
The SNP could raise up to £1.2bn a year in additional tax revenue if it wins the Holyrood election, according to a new report.
Japanese camera firm Olympus has pleaded guilty in a Tokyo court to falsifying its accounts, with its former chief executive Kazuyoshi Kikukawa facing up to five years in prison.
The verdict in the retrial of three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has been delayed for a second time.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in a "cowardly and brutal" attack in east London has been named by police.
Saracens' George Kruis has been included in England's training squad for the first time since being cited for an alleged kick in Saturday's win over Fiji.
An outbreak of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso has killed at least 20 people and infected more than 1,000 others, the World Health Organization says.
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a boost after a lottery grant of almost £9,000.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greek midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis on a four-year deal.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in an air strike by the US-led coalition against so-called Islamic State (IS) in eastern Syria, activists say.
A Londonderry teacher with learning disabilities is one of five recipients of BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award.
A hospital which is "desperate" to recruit new nurses to cope with a shortage of staff has launched a "major" recruitment campaign.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car attack by a Palestinian driver in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Conor McGregor says he will knock out Floyd Mayweather "in four rounds" in their super-fight on 26 August.
Most tax accountants would advise a wealthy family on "gifts" - payments of money - to their children and how to ensure they are not liable for inheritance tax.
Hundreds of people have turned on a church's floodlights for the first time in more than two years after they were stolen during a burglary.
Seven Iranians have been charged in the US with hacking into US water and energy companies and stealing data, US officials say.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage winger Liam Roberts from West Bromwich Albion on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University is to spend £2.5m refurbishing one of its main buildings.
More than 90% of employers in England and Wales have now enrolled their workers into a pension scheme, according to the Pensions Regulator.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for starting a fire that destroyed a former seaside resort in Devon.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town midfielder Joe Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has said the country is ready to host the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, just 399 days before the opening ceremony.
Pakistan has condemned a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan that killed at least 11 people, including at least seven civilians, officials say.
A new memorial has been unveiled in Thurso, Aberdeenshire, to honour one of Scotland's most famous police officers.
Two nurses who falsified patient records and falsified blood glucose levels on a stroke ward have been jailed.
A judge in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais has lifted a ban on the building of a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon region.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of little terns nesting on the east coast of England.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for her role as a drugs mule has arrived back in the UK.
The Pensions Regulator is launching a campaign to get more people to sign up to a workplace pension plan, with the help of a pet dog.
A man accused of murdering his partner told police he thought about jumping off a cliff after she went missing, a court has heard.
A performance of a Donizetti opera at the Royal Opera House in London was interrupted when a fire alarm went off in the middle of the show.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died at a motorbike race in the Republic of Ireland.
He said that a rugby player has many ways to score a try but the route he so often chose was the shortest route: "Straight over a fella."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working properly.
Graeme McDowell's hopes of winning his first European Tour title were ended as he carded a three-over-par final round of 71 at the Swedish Open in Sweden.
Surgeons are trialling a 3D printing technique which could one day allow people to reconstruct lost body parts.
The tiny Pacific nation of Palau is made up of more than 20 islands and islets in the South China Sea.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw by AC Milan at Stadio Olimpico.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added the writers of The Gap Band's hit Uptown Funk to the list of songwriters on their official CV, following the Blurred Lines court case.
China's President Xi Jinping has called for "more understanding and trust" between the US and China, saying it would be a "disaster" for both countries if they enter into conflict and confrontation.
An MP has been accused of being a hypocrite after opening a shop selling Coca-Cola drinks in his constituency.
A police unit which failed to investigate a father who killed his children after he stabbed them to death "failing to believe" a rape allegation against him was "wholly inappropriate", a report says.
The wife of a British man found dead in Myanmar (Burma) has said he was stabbed to death while on holiday in the country.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the six months of fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip, the United Nations says.
Great Britain's performance at the London 2012 Olympics has been widely hailed as one of the most successful in Olympic history.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Northern Ireland is to be delayed until 2017, the health board has announced.
A man has died and another is in a critical condition after being stabbed to death in Birmingham.
If you like the sound of that, you're in luck - the general election campaign is already under way.
Welsh Water has launched a new tariff aimed at helping people who struggle to pay their water bills.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is expected to name Steven Caulker in his starting line-up for Saturday's Premier League game at West Bromwich Albion.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a deal until the end of the season.
The Archbishop of Londonderry, Eamon Martin, has said the Catholic Church should apologise to the families of unwed mothers who died at mother-and-baby homes.
A man accused of being part of the Hatton Garden jewellery heist offered to hand over a smaller stash of gold and gems to police so he could keep access to a larger stash, a court has heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of fat blocking London's sewers.
Steam, the online gaming service run by Valve, is to change the way games are published on the service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the United States and Britain, state media say.
Former celebrity publicist Michael Clifford told police he "gyrated around" when asked about an allegation that he sexually assaulted a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India, in what is thought to be the first such discovery in the country since independence in 1947.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults and insults as they continued their preparations for their super-fight in Las Vegas next month.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his South Lanarkshire home.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's four-man bobsleigh squad for next month's World Championships in Austria.
Two men who died in an explosion at a paint-spraying booth factory were working in a booth bought from an RAF base, an inquest has heard.
The Cotswolds home of author John Fowles is to be opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score on his debut for Liverpool as the Reds reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time since Michael Owen in 2003 with victory over Leeds at Anfield.
West Ham United have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to make public the terms of their rental deal for the London 2012 Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has said the scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief".
Schools in England will get more money from the government under plans to overhaul the way they are funded, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, didn't want to raise too many new taxes in the Budget.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld on Test Match Special (TMS) in the early 1990s, I was taken aback by the number of people who would come up to me and ask me what it was like working with him.
Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over 10-man Real Sociedad at the Bernabeu.
Pakistan's first law recognising Hindu marriages has come into effect in the country's most populous province.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Toulon.
About 3,000 people have been told to leave their homes in two villages near a volcano in Guatemala that has been spewing ash and lava for more than 24 hours.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that can tell you how fast your body is ageing.
A woman from Gwynedd has said her mobile phone "probably saved her life" after she was injured in the Manchester bombing.
Russia says it was "miscalculated" when its warplanes bombed a building in the Syrian town of al-Bab on Thursday, killing four Turkish soldiers.
A plan to reorganise the NHS in Merseyside and Cheshire has been described as "unacceptable" by a council leader.
Two vessels have been rescued from the sea after running aground in Dartmoor harbour.
The body of a woman has been found at the scene of a fire at a house in the Highlands.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train for more than four hours had to get off and walk on to the track after being told they had trespassed.
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a plot to smuggle guns and drugs into the UK through the Channel Tunnel.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man after accusing him of being a sorcerer who practised witchcraft.
They may not think they have any data worth stealing but even the smallest company can be a target for cyber-criminals.
Hoover's pension scheme could be merged with the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) if the retailer BHS goes bust, BBC Wales understands.
A man in his 20s has died following an incident in Dublin city centre in the Republic of Ireland.
Two women have died following a two-car crash in East Lothian.
In her speech to the European Parliament last week, Theresa May said: "We will not accept a hard border on the island of Ireland after Brexit."
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the High Court ruling on the triggering of Brexit should not be used to try to block the UK's exit from the EU.
A 3D-printed version of human cartilage has been developed by scientists at the University of North Carolina in the US.
 Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a businessman who hopes to turn it into a community venue after it was put back on the market.
"There was a Monday morning in 1986 when I went to work and there was no-one on the floor," says John Haynes.
League Two side Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder Sam Bobson on a one-year deal following his release by Premier League side Liverpool.
The University Boat Race has returned to Newcastle for the first time in more than a decade.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov has entered the English Channel as part of a large Russian naval taskforce heading to the Mediterranean, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Images courtesy of Dronestagram and National Geographic France.
West Ham United have signed Fenerbahce striker Enoch Emenike on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal a cash machine in an early-morning raid.
England and Wales will meet in the last 16 of the World Snooker Championship for the second time in three years when the tournament gets under way on Friday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Dubai Desert Classic.
French prosecutors say they have found human remains at the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps in which 150 people died.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of an American pastor who was taking part in a radio show in the capital, Pretoria, for allegedly making homophobic remarks.
Wales full-back Liam Williams will miss Scarlets' Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday as he continues his recovery from injury.
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell's new club, non-league Maidenhead United, are a far cry from the football club he once played for.
Plans to merge cross-border railway policing into Police Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has given the go-ahead for the Stormont Executive to borrow up to £200m to pay off thousands of civil servants.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal after a successful loan spell last season.
When Maria Sharapova beat Serena Williams in the final of the Australian Open on Sunday, she did not know who some of the world's most famous sportsmen were.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a children's home.
The National Assembly for Wales should be given the power to call itself the Welsh Parliament, AMs are to be told.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described David Cameron's final meeting with the prime minister as "emotional".
Plans for a £100m creative hub in Carmarthenshire will not be given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government, it has been claimed.
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are studying a new breed of honey bee to see if it can survive a disease that has killed millions of bees around the world.
An offer to settle a long-running dispute over plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley is to be considered by the council.
French police say they have arrested three more people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
It is funny the things you remember when you look back on things, and one of them is a long queue in a bookshop.
Former Leeds Rhinos, Wakefield Trinity and Wasps hooker Jamie Smith was one of the biggest names in the history of rugby league when he left the game at the end of the 2008 season.
A judge in Lebanon has said he will not drop charges against an Australian woman accused of kidnapping her six-year-old and four-year old children in a so-called "recovery" operation.
A team of researchers at Cardiff University have developed a new way to identify cancer cells using computers.
Bristol have re-signed Leinster scrum-half Tom Harris-Wright on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
A lorry driver has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of a couple in a crash in which he failed to brake for two seconds.
The number of new house sales fell in April for the first time since 2008, according to a survey of more than 1,000 surveyors.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to tackle corruption and tackle the country's huge debts in his first speech since taking office.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised after he was sent off in the first half of Scarlets' European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon on Sunday.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey could have been dumped in a cesspit and drowned, a court has heard.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Plans to build more than 300 new homes in Flintshire have been given the go-ahead.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after a battle with cancer.
Singapore-based Olam, the world's biggest palm oil trader, has been accused of buying palm oil from "rogue" palm oil producers in Indonesia and Gabon who are involved in illegal deforestation.
A senior Scottish Labour politician has been accused of giving a "propaganda gift to the Chinese regime" after he was caught on camera apparently praising Beijing's economic policies at a conference in Lhasa.
A shark has been found dead on a beach in Pembrokeshire.
Scientists say they have a new explanation for the pause in global warming that has been taking place since the year 2000.
With the transfer window set to close at 23:00 BST on Tuesday, agents and clubs are scrambling to finalise deals before the window closes.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family who were forced to leave their homes after a landslip caused by heavy rain.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove pages belonging to convicted child sex offenders from the social media network.
Aaron Ramsey scored on his return from injury as Arsenal secured fourth place in the Premier League with victory over Norwich, who were relegated from the top flight.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as their new head of elite performance, with a new coaching structure in place for the 2017 season.
Australia captain Steve Smith says England should consider dropping Keaton Jennings as an opening batsman ahead of the Ashes because of his poor form against South Africa.
Regulators are to investigate whether more former HBOS executives should be banned from senior positions, following criticism of the Bank of England's handling of the bank's collapse in 2008.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner after a woman was contacted on Facebook by a man who had got her name from a hospital computer while she was in hospital.
Troops in the Philippines say they are in "complete control" of the city of Marawi after a week of fierce fighting between government forces and Islamist militants.
The RMT union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment" after it accused the company of "harassing" its members on Twitter.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot as he was approaching Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman while she was walking home after a night out has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor and James Godleman from Leicestershire for the 2017 season.
Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was killed in a suspected hate crime following the Brexit vote.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union (EU), British expats living in Australia are getting ready to cast their ballots.
An athletics club has said it is "extremely disappointed" after being told it cannot use Windsor Great Park for cross country training.
Singer Katy Perry is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium in 2017, making her the first artist to play the stadium five times.
Ben Eden scored four tries as Castleford thrashed Leigh Centurions to move level on points with Super League leaders Hull FC.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last three years, according to new figures.
Protests continue in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, following the fatal shooting of a black man by a white police officer.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Belfast for the final day of the city's Pride festival.
The UN tribunal investigating the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened its first hearing in The Hague against a Lebanese journalist and her TV station.
Boris Johnson has been at the centre of the UK's EU referendum debate for much of the past few weeks, playing a central role in both sides of the debate and in the campaign itself.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete jailed for killing his girlfriend, will not be released early from prison, his lawyer has said.
In the corner of a busy hospital ward, tucked behind a curtain for our arrival, lies Joshua Davies.
A group of musicians in South Sudan have called on the war-torn country's warring factions to stop fighting, and to forgive each other.
Fernando Babenco, the Oscar-nominated director of Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 83, his publicist has said.
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have developed a system that can build new generations of robots.
Ed Sheeran has given his "whole wardrobe" to charity shops in a bid to raise money for children's hospices and a carers' charity.
Tanzania's Health Minister Hamisi Kigwangalla has come under fire on Twitter for saying that homosexuality is "not biological and unnatural".
An 86-year-old man has died after being found unconscious in the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Dagenham & Redbridge's Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield Town moved to the top of League Two with victory in a game that saw both sides finish with 10 men.
Six people have been arrested after a football match was disrupted by a mass pitch invasion by Coventry City fans.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his sister by setting fire to her home and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Sheffield.
Newport County striker James Washington has said he is "proud of his achievements" after scoring his first two goals for Northern Ireland.
A Grade II-listed medieval manor house has reopened to the public after a £2.5m revamp.
A British couple have become the first married couple to win the world title in the world for carrying a woman in a cross-country race.
The United Nations has welcomed the ratification of a landmark treaty aimed at curbing the global arms trade.
The Great Manchester Run and athletics' Great CityGames will go ahead as planned on Friday and Sunday following Monday's terror attack in the city.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash with a car.
Essex spinner Simon Harmer says he will "probably never take four five-fers or 28 wickets in two games ever again" after taking career-best figures for the second time this season.
An inquiry into the provision of education and training for prisoners in England and Wales has been launched by the justice secretary.
Brazil is not the first country in Latin America to experience a military coup, but it is the first since the end of military rule in the region more than 30 years ago.
They are students at a university in the Netherlands, and they are working on a bus that runs on formic acid.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car while over the drink-drive limit has been banned from driving for two years.
Swansea council is set to move its offices from the seafront to a former nightclub site in the city centre, BBC Wales has learned.
A dog found abandoned on a road in Kent with its tail docked has been found to have had its claws forcibly removed, the RSPCA has said.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre on Saturday night.
Sale Sharks flanker Vadim Cobilas has joined French side Bordeaux-Begles on a two-year deal.
Dundee United have signed Scott Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
Mortgage approvals rose at their fastest pace for more than a year in July, suggesting that the UK housing market may be gathering momentum ahead of an expected rise in interest rates.
The father and stepfather of murdered Bradford woman Shazia Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan charged with her murder.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) - a voice-activated digital assistant - at the CES tech show.
HGV drivers caught using their mobile phones while driving have been filmed by police in a bid to cut down on distracted driving.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open for the first time with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey in Belgium.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with fraud and money laundering.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have been missing for more than 24 hours.
Christian Pulisic scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga.
Voting is under way in the General Election in Cheshire.
Surbiton striker Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against some of the world's best hockey players when Scotland face four of the top 13 teams in the world at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London on Saturday.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take 'superman' ecstasy pills following the deaths of three men in recent weeks.
US economist Gary Hart and Swedish-born economist Carl Holmstrom have won the Nobel prize for economics for their work on public sector contracts.
A cold snap has brought snow to parts of southern Italy, with temperatures falling as low as -6C (0.4F) in some areas, causing power cuts and disrupting travel.
The World Health Organization (AZ) has announced a $1bn (Â£700m) programme to develop a new method for cutting out faulty genes from the human genome.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a major redevelopment of the club's Franklin's Gardens ground.
It's lambing season for sheep in north Wales, and Tom and Mali have been helping their family to raise thousands of lambs this year.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a disturbance at a nightclub in Dundee city centre.
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a cargo ship that sank more than 70 years ago have been sold at auction for £10,000.
A police force has apologised after a "sexual stereotyping" image of a police officer on a sandcastle was posted on social media.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has been met with a mixed reaction in the Baltic states.
Talks to sell Silverstone Circuit have been put on hold following the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Two pilots who took part in the D-Day landings in World War Two have been honoured at a Gloucester museum.
Rio Tinto has raised its takeover offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale from $3.9bn (Â£2.6bn) to $4.2bn after the company's shareholders agreed to accept it.
A leading opposition politician in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called on the government to suspend a referendum on constitutional reform.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year contract.
A cyclist who died after being involved in a crash with a pick-up truck has been named by police.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer who was cheered on by Sunderland fans when he appeared as a mascot for the team has lost his fight against the disease.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman & Kardon for $2.3bn (£1.9bn) in cash to help develop connected car technology.
The EFL Cup third round and Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been drawn.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from non-league side AFC Fylde for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former entertainment complex in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government.
A man accused of killing an Indian man and wounding two others in a shooting in Kansas has admitted to police that he shot and killed two Iranian-Americans.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in his home town of Blackpool.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and move into the Premiership's top six.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of people who left fake reviews of a Dutch nursery on its social network Google+ after it complained that the reviews were harming its business.
Non-league Westfields have been drawn at home to League Two Curzon Ashton in the second round of the FA Cup, while Solihull Moors will travel to League One side Oxford United.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious groups from the threat of losing their tax-exempt status.
A mother and daughter who filmed a far-right leader shouting racist abuse at a rally have said they are "too strong to be scared of people with such a small-minded view".
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his mother's partner who died after a fight at a Dorset holiday park.
Portland Timbers won the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history as they beat Columbus Crew 2-1 in a dramatic final in Columbus, Ohio.
The mother and father of three Hillsborough victims have been appointed MBEs in the New Year Honours for services to bereaved families.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said it is "greatly interested" in the idea of North and South Korea co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Footage has been released of the moment a gunman opened fire on Turkish journalist Selahattin Dundar and a colleague at the Cumhuriyet newspaper in Istanbul.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to turn the city's Guildhall into a "self-sufficient" service centre.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the Burmese opposition leader who was released from house arrest last year, is to be honoured at this year's Brighton Festival.
For the second time, he's giving up a role he didn't inherit, but gained on merit.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of a UN treaty aimed at protecting the rights of disabled people.
UKIP's deputy leader has questioned the "legitimacy" of the High Court ruling that Parliament should get a vote on when to start the process of leaving the European Union.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to break the world record for the largest ever national Read Aloud event.
Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race in more than a year to take victory in the Japanese Grand Prix and boost his chances of winning the world title as Valentino Rossi finished second.
JK Rowling has defended herself on Twitter after being called a "traitor" and "a traitor" by some of the people who have targeted her on the social media site.
A coroner's report into the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has concluded that his death may have been caused by shock.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of the conflict.
A man has appeared in court charged with two counts of attempted murder after two men were shot in separate incidents.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff courts has improved since the closure of the last two courts, according to a new report.
A new police horse has been named after a Scottish island after a public vote.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket.
The nominations for this year's MTV Europe Music Awards (EMA) have been announced ahead of Sunday's show in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling on the first day of the school year in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, pro-Russian separatists say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until next month.
A group of Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme recipients are meeting to discuss the future of the scheme, the BBC understands.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that the vote to leave the European Union could lead to a drop in the number of EU students studying in Northern Ireland.
Hull City have broken their transfer record to sign striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club-record £10m and signed Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events to celebrate the capital's history.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia for the first time in five years.
England coach Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to decide on a new contract after his side's series win over New Zealand.
A man convicted of raping and murdering an Irish woman in Melbourne, Australia, has been found guilty of five more rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be joined by Prince William and Prince Harry at a memorial service for their mother, Princess Diana, 20 years after her death.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank for £24.3bn is a "bad deal" for the UK economy, the chairman of the Cambridge-based chipmaker Lord Myners has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named BBC Radio 1's Sound of 2017, which highlights the best new artists for the coming 12 months.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty for allegedly failing to provide adequate care for a peacock and guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies secured their place in the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup with a 2-0 win over Stirling Albion.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus" o pecyn yn ffug yng nghanolfan siopa'r Quadrant, Abertawe
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday firm that specialised in flights to Turkey has closed its doors, affecting more than 1,000 customers.
The captain of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia, which capsized in January 2013 killing 32 people, has begun an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "trying to find a compromise" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU single market after Brexit.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle more than two tonnes of a banned stimulant drug into Saudi Arabia, state media report.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited from Mexico to the United States to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the first evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Chelsea and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players following a mass brawl in the Premier League game between the sides on Saturday.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur in Argentina, in South America.
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied sexually abusing a girl under the age of 16.
The new operator of the South Western rail franchise has failed to guarantee there will be a second member of staff on board its trains, a union has said.
Dinosaurs were able to cross from South America to Australia more than 100 million years ago because of changes in the global climate, say scientists.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire, but no-one was injured.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has said he is "open" to the idea of moving jobs out of London and into the European Union.
Riots have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir's Srinagar after a Hindu temple was damaged in the city.
A legal challenge against former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael over claims he made false statements during the general election campaign has been adjourned.
Braille paving stones which were supposed to spell out a poem in the form of a poem have been described as "gobbledygook" by a Braille teacher.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team need to improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the Formula 1 world title.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back.
League One side Rotherham United have signed Jack Rothwell and Harry Maguire following the expiry of both players' contracts with the club.
The Department of Health in England has signed an agreement to stop GPs, counsellors and psychotherapists offering gay conversion therapy.
An internet security expert says he has foiled an attempt to trick police into responding to a hoax 911 call made to look as if it had come from his home.
A health trust has been told it must make "dramatic improvements" at two of its hospitals after inspectors found a culture of bullying and low morale.
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped to drive a sharp rise in UK food and drink exports, according to the Federation of Food and Drink Exporters (FDF).
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says her karate black belt is the one thing she would go to get if her house was on fire.
Thirty-eight pilot whales stranded on a beach in the southern Indian city of Tuticorin have died after returning to the shore, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his former partner has told police he was trying to stop her from stabbing him during a struggle, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed midfielder Jordan Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal following his release by Championship side Loftus Road.
As the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal continues to burn, one of the most surprising uses for a boiler under the scheme has been revealed.
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links was not only his best finish on the European Tour.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan described the second Test win over Pakistan as "as good as I've seen" after his side thrashed the visitors by an innings and 171 runs in Manchester.
Kilmarnock have re-signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill, who will make his return to the club on Saturday.
Lindsey Vonn has become the most successful female Alpine skier of all time after winning her first World Cup race since November 2015.
Visa-free travel and a border-free zone between Turkey and the UK should not be offered to Turkey in return for taking back migrants, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has confirmed that up to 10,000 new cars sold in the UK, Germany, France, Italy and Spain may be affected by the emissions scandal.
Voters in Nigeria are going to the polls to elect the country's new governors and state legislators in a poll widely seen as a test of the electoral system after the recent presidential election.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-match touchline ban by Uefa.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has been under intense pressure over the past two years.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are among the nominees for the Professional Footballers' Association manager of the year award.
As the Church in Wales appoints its first female bishop, two of the first women to be ordained in the church say they hope the appointment of Joanna Penberthy will inspire other women to follow in their footsteps.
Former paramilitaries who were seriously injured during the Troubles should not be entitled to a special victims' pension, according to some of the injured, the BBC's Spotlight programme has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to death for shooting dead three people outside Jewish community centres and a retirement centre in the US.
Norwich City have completed the signing of Wigan Athletic defender Nicky Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Ajax midfielder Marvin Dijks on a season-long loan deal.
The Duke of Cambridge's search and rescue duties at RAF Valley on Anglesey have come to an end, the BBC understands.
Stephen Dobbie scored the only goal of the game as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
A police watchdog has said officers acted in a "proportionate and reasonable way" in the case of a man who died after being restrained by members of the public.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Greek businessman and his wife and their housekeeper in Washington DC last week, police say.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the release of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
The body of a man has been found on a beach in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has accused the media of "trivialising" allegations of abuse at an immigration detention centre on the Pacific island of Nauru.
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
If you're planning a trip to a foreign country, there are few things worse than finding yourself stuck in a hotel.
Chelsea midfielders Cesc Fabregas and Pedro have been included in Spain's first squad under new coach Julen Lopetegui after Iker Casillas was dropped.
The Manu Mukherjee is the favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction after being shortlisted for the award for the second time.
The Tomatina Festival is one of the oldest in the world, taking place in the Italian town of Tuscany.
A mako shark has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Pembrokeshire by a team of anglers.
A video of a gorilla "dancing" on its back has gone viral after a zoo visitor captured it on camera.
As a journalist covering sport for more than a decade I have been fortunate to experience a fair number of high-profile sporting events.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" due to a "boom and bust" approach to staffing, according to a union.
A song sung by England's 1966 World Cup-winning football team has been released for the first time in more than 30 years.
A hacker has hijacked a large number of high-end printers to warn their owners that their devices have been hacked.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault on a man in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a comfortable win at Wrexham.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has accused Labour and the Conservatives of trying to "put the genie back in the bottle" by refusing to take part in TV debates before the general election.
The demolition of the so-called "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has now been completed.
Egypt's new President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in for a four-year term, saying the country has never witnessed a peaceful handover of power.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw at 10-man Barnsley.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data analytics to help identify students who may be struggling with their courses.
Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City moved to the top of the table with a hard-fought win over Birmingham City.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled in the first six months of the year, according to new figures.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended by the Big Bash League (BBL) for "disrespectful and inappropriate" comments he made during an on-air interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's Bologna airport after trying to smuggle cocaine worth millions of euros into Italy in a pair of trainers.
Nato and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern Afghan province of Wardak, the US military says.
Universities in Wales must "recapture a civic mission" after the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's fastest growing economies, and many of its citizens rely on dairy products to feed their families.
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled because of a lack of ticket sales, organisers have said.
Olympic champion Sir Ben Ainslie led Oracle Team USA to a dramatic America's Cup victory over New Zealand in a dramatic final in San Francisco.
Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City "the best team in the UK", according to Swansea City defender Angel Rangel.
England's Laura Massaro and Nicola Perry will meet in the final of the British Open after both won their semi-finals on Saturday.
Nine former workers at Ilex, a Londonderry-based regeneration company, are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Aberdeen Royal Infirmary has reopened to new admissions and visitors following an outbreak of norovirus.
An appeal has been launched to trace the families and friends of children pictured in a series of "staggering" images of poverty and homelessness in the 1960s and 1970s.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager who died after a car crashed into a wall.
A third ferry has been brought in to replace the Condor Liberation after it crashed into a quayside in Guernsey last month.
A hotel chef has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a feral cat in the kitchen of a Denbighshire hotel.
Workers at the Port of Calais have gone on strike in a dispute over the sale of two ferries to a Danish company, causing major disruption to cross-Channel traffic.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) is investigating claims that Team Sky continued to use intravenous injections despite a ban on the practice in cycling, the Press Association has learned.
A man has been found not guilty of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" by dropping the H sound from his Cockney accent, a University of Manchester study has found.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that Stade Francais and Racing 92 are set to merge.
Emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England are to be added to the next generation of emojis.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday as investors welcomed the rejection of Scottish independence.
Bullying is on the increase and racism and discrimination against young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people is "on the increase", according to a report by MSPs.
Gaelic speakers on the Isle of Benbecula have been targeted in an email scam which they believe may have been written in Google Translate.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United midfielder Chris Long on a one-year deal.
Three cars have been involved in a three-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
Coventry City Football Club has held talks with the council about a possible new home for the club, the Rugby Borough Council has said.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department ahead of the 2017 season.
Leicester Tigers hooker Danny Youngs says he is determined to regain his place in the England side after a back injury forced him to have surgery.
Wales suffered their first defeat of the autumn as Australia scored a last-gasp try to win the third and final Test in Sydney.
The home secretary has said it is "too early to say" if net migration will feature in the Conservatives' election manifesto, after questions about whether it would be included.
Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox despite being reduced to 10 men in stoppage time.
Wales should be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all nations, David Cameron has said, after the Scottish referendum result.
A blood test that could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease could be available in the next 10 years, say researchers.
The world's largest cruise ship, the Queen Elizabeth 2, has just been unveiled in Florida, USA.
Reading have released Hal Robson-Kanu, Rio Ferdinand and Chris Cox by mutual consent.
A campaign group has called for Skegness' famous Jolly Fisherman to be removed from the seaside resort's promotional posters.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship after applying for a passport in Moscow.
England's Chris Waites has been knocked out of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in the semi-finals by world number two Marco Noppert.
Swansea City have dropped their interest in Paul Clement and Gary Rowett as candidates for the vacant manager's job.
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager on a full-time basis following his departure from St Mirren.
Two Grade II-listed Victorian swimming pools and a 19th Century stately home have been added to a list of Britain's most endangered landmarks.
A chronology of key events - from the independence of Cyprus in 1960 to the failure of a UN-sponsored peace plan for reunification in 2003.
An SNP MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt for the people who elected him" after he missed a key vote in parliament to attend a football match in Portugal.
One of the most extraordinary flowering plants in the world has bloomed for the first time in 12 years.
More children under the age of 12 are being referred to the NHS for help with transgender issues than at any time in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivia's President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he should be allowed to run for a third term in office.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed Fulham midfielder Richard Stearman on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Leaders of the Tour de France were stopped by police after a train came within 10m (32ft) of them as they crossed a railway line at the end of the race.
A football game in the US state of Washington produced a series of small earthquakes on Sunday, US seismologists say.
When Adidas, Gazprom, Hyundai-Kia, Coca-Cola and Visa signed up to sponsor the 2018 Fifa World Cup in Russia, they did not expect the scandal engulfing football's world governing body, Fifa, to turn out to be so bad for their business.
England have accused Wales of scrummaging "terribly illegally" during their Six Nations campaign.
A man accused of punching a bride and groom during an argument at a wedding reception has told a court he was trying to defuse a "volatile" situation.
British rider Cal Crutchlow won his first MotoGP race of the season at the United States Grand Prix on Sunday.
Nato says its forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 30 Taliban fighters who were being held by the group in a raid in southern Afghanistan.
Indonesia, a vast archipelago of more than 17,000 islands, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales in the third quarter, as it continues to fight back against competition from discount chains.
A genetic test for inherited heart conditions could be rolled out on the NHS in the UK, the British Heart Foundation has said.
Hampshire and Middlesex both won their T20 Blast South Group games on the final day of the day as Glamorgan and Sussex both lost by two runs.
A man has appeared in court after a boat was set alight in Peterhead harbour.
Campaigners in Sri Lanka say they have new photographs of a five-year-old Tamil Tiger rebel who was shot dead by government forces on the final day of the war in 2009.
Manchester City fought back from 2-0 down at half-time to beat Bayern Munich and progress to the last 16 of the Champions League.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of killing two women in separate incidents five years ago.
It is not the most famous British and Irish Lions film of all time.
An NHS trust that was placed in special measures after high mortality rates at Stafford Hospital has been lifted after a three-year inspection.
Bombay House in the Indian capital, Delhi, is one of the world's most iconic buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna have parted company with manager Alexis Sanchez by mutual consent, the Spanish club have confirmed.
A US college that gave Bill Cosby a endowed professorship is returning the money it had given to the comedian after he was accused of sexual assault.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki will face Sloane Stephens in the final of the Rogers Cup for the second time in three years on Sunday.
A woman who was killed when a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire has been named by police.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Cwmbran in which more than 100 people were injured and thousands of pounds worth of damage caused.
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a "masterful ride" to win the 2000 Guineas for the third time in four years on favourite Air Force Blue.
India's government has proposed a bill that would ban the creation and distribution of all types of geospatial information, including online maps, in the country.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut for the second year in a row as Lee Westwood carded a six-under-par 66 to take a share of the lead at the Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has received a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help it buy a rare painting of an African slave who was once a slave in America.
Public hearings into the death of former MP Lord Janner are to be held in March 2017, a lawyer for the inquiry into allegations against him has said.
Voting is under way in local elections across England, including the South Shields by-election and mayoral contests in Doncaster and North Tyneside.
Israeli officials have lifted a ban on Palestinians entering a key holy site in the occupied West Bank after the removal of metal detectors at the al-Aqsa mosque complex.
An eight-year-old Indian girl who went missing after a social media campaign to find her has been found safe and well.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park have launched a fresh search for clues.
A public consultation on plans to turn part of the M4 into a "smart" motorway has begun.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been found to have low levels of radon gas, which can increase the risk of lung cancer.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut £1.5m from its budget as part of "tough choices" to balance the books.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries on the first day of the County Championship match between Essex and Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their police dog units as part of cost-cutting measures to meet budget cuts.
Two police forces failed to spot a man driving the wrong way down a motorway before he crashed and killed two people, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will face Celtic in the Champions League second qualifying round after holding San Marino's La Fiorita to a goalless draw in Belfast.
Plans to create 10 new marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been scrapped, the minister for natural resources has said.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Kenny has left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent to return to his native County Antrim.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in Hamilton.
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of throwing acid in the face of a journalist has been found on a jacket at the scene of the attack, a court has heard.
One of Scotland's biggest Celtic music festivals is getting under way in the Western Isles.
The number of young women entering convents in the UK is at its highest level for 25 years, according to the Church in England and Wales.
Wolves striker Marek Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury and could miss the rest of the season.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years after being accused of being a spy has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed.
Bradford City reached the second round of the FA Cup for the second year in a row with a comfortable win over non-league Chesham United.
The Home Office has been asked to investigate the case of a man jailed for more than 40 years for the murder of a woman in Derbyshire, a former police officer has said.
A police officer who Tasered a man who stabbed a woman to death at a hostel has told an inquest it was "like something you see on TV".
The head of the Organisation of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a traitor to his country.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently after a public consultation found it was the most popular option to close.
If you are an ardent Brexiteer, stop before your blood pressure goes through the roof.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a 15-year-old girl believed to have taken a so-called legal high.
A five-year-old boy in New Zealand has won a NZ$1m ($800,000; £500,000) bonus bond jackpot, the country's Bonus Bonds scheme has confirmed.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Commodities trader Noble has said it expects to book a $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) loss this year because of the fall in coal and oil prices.
South African police have replaced the detective at the centre of the Oscar Pistorius murder case after it emerged that he is facing charges of attempted murder.
Kirsty Williams is the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats - the party's smallest group in the assembly.
Nato countries should "shame" each other into increasing their defence spending, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A court in Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling and accused them of spreading "immoral and un-Islamic culture and promiscuity" on Instagram.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos won a sprint finish to take the leader's yellow jersey.
A woman found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been referred to the police watchdog after she was arrested on suspicion of assault.
A US pit bull rescue centre is to fly the dog in to the UK to save her from being destroyed after its owner launched an appeal against a destruction order.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress for the first time at the Hong Kong Film Festival.
Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to compete for Great Britain at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was mauled to death by his own dog.
A man has said he was "humiliated" after he was removed from a train and marched off twice by police who found wires in his bag.
Portugal's government has approved a law that will allow descendants of Sephardic Jews, who lived in the Iberian peninsula for centuries, to apply for citizenship.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis class with Andy Murray, the mother of world number one tennis player Jamie Murray.
AFC Wimbledon's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by Portsmouth at Kingsmeadow.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years, according to new figures.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup, while Super League's bottom side Salford Red Devils will travel to Wakefield Trinity in the last eight.
Household incomes in Northern Ireland have risen by 0.1% in December compared to the same month last year, according to a supermarket.
Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship to 19 points with a dominant victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic gold medallist David Whitehead, who ran 40 back to back marathons in 40 days, has been the subject of a new photographic exhibition.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to make Prime Minister's Questions a "genuine exercise in asking questions and answering questions" in their first appearance at the despatch box.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, where floods have killed at least 10 people, reports say.
US billionaire Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government after it approved plans for an offshore wind farm off the coast of Aberdeen.
A coach drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy town centre should be widened to improve road safety, according to Conwy council.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to restore payments to customers who have been affected by a problem with its computer system.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of being the contact person of the man who carried out the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released without charge.
Russell Slade says taking Cardiff City to the Championship play-off final this season would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career.
Two arts directors on Argyll and Bute have been made redundant by the organisation that runs the island's arts body.
The European Union has pledged $1.9bn (Â£1bn; $2bn) to a trust fund for Africa at a summit in the Maltese resort of Valletta to tackle the migrant crisis.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 8% in the next 20 years if the government fails to meet its climate change targets, according to a report.
NHS England is to publish details of the private work doctors do outside the NHS, in a bid to tackle the issue of consultants earning in excess of £500,000 a year.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed near Leicester railway station.
Bath returned to winning ways in the Premiership for the first time since Sam Burgess' return to the club with a bonus-point victory over London Irish.
A contract signed by the Beatles and their manager Brian Epstein has failed to sell at auction in New York, fetching just under £100,000.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv are still adjusting to the fact that they are now within range of certain Palestinian rockets fired from the Gaza Strip.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy who was asked to leave an Air Canada flight because the airline could not find a seat for him has received an apology from the airline.
Northern Ireland's 15-year-olds are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in England, Scotland and Wales.
The number of flights in and out of the UK is set to hit record levels this summer, with air traffic controllers warning that the system is being stretched to the limit.
Social news site Reddit has removed its "warrant canary" from its website, raising questions about the legality of the practice.
Selfie contests have been held in India to raise awareness about the lack of women in the country's rural areas.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting items from shops in the aftermath of last month's deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Nairobi.
Work is under way to clear up debris from beaches in Norfolk and Suffolk which were badly damaged by Storm Desmond.
A third person has died at a Carmarthenshire nursing home following an outbreak of flu-like symptoms, health officials have said.
Benedict Cumberbatch has revealed he helped a woman give birth to a baby girl in a park more than 50 years ago.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of knife attacks on patients has told a court he did not "intentionally scare" them.
A team of scientists from the UK's Arctic Mission are travelling to the Arctic Circle to raise awareness of the effects of climate change.
Google's first-quarter net profit rose 11% to $3.9bn (£2.6bn), compared with the same period last year, as the company reported a rise in advertising revenue of 11%.
Senga won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Aintree as favourite Shutter Speed was beaten into second by Tivoli.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham and secure their first National League win of the season.
China has said it will not accept a UN tribunal's ruling that invalidates its territorial claims in the South China Sea, after the Philippines won a landmark case against it.
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using 3D imaging technology to help doctors diagnose and treat patients with facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by businessman Nigel Travis, who has taken over the League Two club.
Prime Minister Theresa May has the power to call an early general election if she wants to, but how would she do it?
More than 100 staff are to return to work at two councils after their offices were destroyed by fire.
The amount of money spent by ambulance trusts in England on private ambulances has more than doubled in the past five years, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool eased to a comfortable win over Burton to move up to second in the Premier League table as they eased to victory at the Pirelli Stadium.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the women's Twenty20 series in India after suffering a shoulder injury.
New Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he was surprised to be asked to clean his boots on his first day at Portman Road.
Police have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester.
Gateshead have signed Newcastle United left-back Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" reports that the CIA has concluded that Russian hackers tried to help him win last month's election.
Portuguese shares and bond prices fell on Monday as investors reacted to the prospect of a left-wing coalition government taking power in the country.
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
Four men have admitted carrying out an armed raid on a Fife flat in which they threatened two men with a gun and threatened to cut their fingers off.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Andy Reid on a one-year deal.
"If you want to be a football manager, you have to be John Toshack."
Poorer young people are more likely to end up in the juvenile justice system than their better-off counterparts, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend after she complained to police about his "obsession" with her.
"I am a medieval knight," says Jason Maher with a smile, "and I like to joust."
A UK seed company has been named by French authorities in connection with an outbreak of E. coli linked to raw sprouted vegetable sprouts.
A health group has said it will not re-tendering for a contract to run a hospital's fertility services because it would set an "unusual and unwelcome" precedent.
A section of the M6 in the West Midlands has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a crash in which a man died.
Former Premier League footballer Adam Johnson told his partner he had cheated on her with "quite a few" other women before he admitted kissing a 15-year-old girl, his trial has heard.
Britain's social mobility problem is "going backwards not forwards", the chairman of a government body set up to tackle it has warned.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's launch of a ballistic missile, accusing it of violating a UN resolution banning the country from developing nuclear weapons.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing itself" by promising to live-stream engineering work on the East Coast Main Line.
Wales' Andrew Selby will fight England's Andrew Norman in the super-featherweight title eliminator at Cardiff's Principality Stadium on Saturday.
It was only the Champions Cup's opening day, but Glasgow Warriors' defeat by Northampton Saints at Scotstoun was a sobering reminder of what awaits them in the quarter-finals of the competition.
Match reports for the weekend's Scottish Premiership, Championship and League One and League Two games.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Chesterfield.
Welsh place-names are a rich source of information for historians, geographers and linguists, and have been used to solve some of the country's most puzzling riddles.
This is, said the shadow Welsh secretary, "the most important general election for a generation".
Great Britain won four rowing gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics as they claimed seven medals across all sports.
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of allegations of child sex abuse, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara is the favourite to win the £50,000 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, with US author Tyler Tyler the second favourite.
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has criticised a cathedral's decision to read from the Koran during a service.
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions of his detention in a maximum security prison, according to a leaked document.
Five-time major winner Phil Mickelson carded a nine-under-par 64 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon after a rain-hit second round.
The leak of a draft version of Labour's general election manifesto before it has been formally discussed is unprecedented in the party's history.
A drug that targets the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain could be a "tantalising" new treatment for Alzheimer's disease, say scientists.
Justice Minister Peter McCann has said Attorney General John Larkin has gone "too far" and should resign.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a woman at a supermarket after she criticised his book on a critique website.
Atletico Madrid have won the La Liga title for the first time in their history after holding Barcelona to a draw at the Nou Camp.
The port at Invergordon is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm in the Cromarty Firth.
A man suspected of killing his Scottish partner in Lapland has been jailed for life after being found guilty of her murder.
A Swansea man who played a key role in the development of radar and radio astronomy has been honoured by the city council.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been using his camera to capture some of the most striking images of the Welsh countryside.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be listed as ancient woodland in the UK.
The Afghan Taliban have released more than 100 police officers who had been held hostage by the group for three days at a base in the north of the country, officials say.
The National Library of Wales has opened its doors to the public for the first time with a celebration of Welsh music and culture.
There has been a rise in the number of patients being transferred from critical care units in Wales, according to a report by the Welsh government.
Former Swansea City boss Bruce Arena has been named as the new head coach of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
Thirty-six Yazidi survivors of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group have been rescued from captivity in Iraq, the UN says.
Two German women have been arrested in Spain after a paparazzi flashmob turned into a mass panic in a town in the north-eastern region of Catalonia.
What are the top 10 teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, one of the poorest countries in the world.
The chief executive of a health watchdog has said he feels he has been "gagged" during a "crucial time" for healthcare debate in Wales.
The Knights of Malta, an order founded 900 years ago by a Benedictine monk who opened a hospital for sick pilgrims in Jerusalem, have been celebrating their 900th anniversary with a special Mass at the Vatican.
Actress Barbara Carr, best known for her role as Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A US man has been sentenced to five years in prison for sharing personal data about US military personnel with so-called Islamic State (IS).
We've asked BBC Sport readers to predict the top three before every race this season and, after the British Grand Prix, we got our calculators out and had a look at how many people got it right.
The new head of the National Crime Agency (NCA) has been accused of "moral cowardice" by her predecessor of failing to act on child protection concerns, the BBC has learned.
Hospital staff at Carlisle Royal Infirmary have been made aware of a "potentially harmful substance" which has been found in one of its wards.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for his services to the sport.
Wales wing George North says he is determined to add to his tally of tries after scoring a hat-trick in his side's win over Ireland.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has arrived back in France after being freed by her captors in Oman.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne ferry workers are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says Saturday's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka is a "must-win" game for his side as they bid to reach the semi-finals of the competition for the first time.
More than 100 people have been killed in Indonesia's Aceh province in floods and landslides that hit the area on Monday, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of planning to carry out an attack in Germany on the orders of so-called Islamic State (IS), prosecutors say.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been fined £10,000 by the Football Association after being found guilty of a betting offence.
A 19-year-old man who advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis" on social media has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers in a car crash.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a Blackpool fan who accused him of threatening to shoot him with a gun.
"A political solution to the war in Syria and a humanitarian ceasefire in Syria."
A Holiday Inn hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale for £2.5m, less than a year after it was bought for £17.7m.
Andre Ward says he will make a statement in Saturday's rematch with Sergey Kovalev when they fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales could lead to a system where "price trumps all", a former High Court judge has warned.
Rochus Misch, the last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's personal entourage, has died at the age of 99.
Ospreys moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Ulster at the Liberty Stadium.
A mining company has been served with a health and safety notice after a fire at one of the UK's deepest mines.
A woman who says she was sexually abused as a child by a "monster" has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" not to report the abuse to police.
Essex and Glamorgan will try to maintain their hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals when they meet at Chelmsford on Saturday.
Three senior Brexit ministers are travelling to Mexico and Australia as part of a series of talks aimed at securing trade deals with other countries after the UK leaves the EU.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of affray after a football match was abandoned following reports a player was threatened with a knife.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire, police have said.
On our way back to Pisky we passed the scene of one of the most poignant moments of the war in eastern Ukraine.
Cardiff Devils head coach Scott Kelman says he does not feel bad for Sheffield Steelers, who will face the Welsh side in Sunday's Challenge Cup final.
Singer Phil Collins has postponed two concerts in London after he suffered a head injury during a fall at a gig on Wednesday night.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a mother who was stabbed in the neck with a knife in front of her two-year-old daughter.
Snooker players have voted to keep the World Snooker Shoot Out as a ranking event, despite a row over the use of a shot clock at last year's event.
Olympic gold medallist Charlotte Dujardin will defend her World Cup dressage title at the Olympia in London on Wednesday, 16 December, along with Olympic champion Maxime Brash.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury in heavy rain.
The disappearance of 43 students from a university in the northern Mexican city of Ayotzinapa in 2014 has been one of the most high-profile cases of enforced disappearance in Mexico's war on drugs.
The National Theatre is considering introducing quotas to increase the number of disabled and black actors on its stage, its artistic director Tony Norris has said.
Michael Dunlop set a new lap record in Thursday night's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he set the fastest speed of the week in the Superstocks class.
For miles around, the green hills of the Yorkshire Dales can be seen stretching out in all directions, stretching from the horizon to the horizon.
More than 70 jobs have been lost after a Belfast restaurant chain went into administration, with the loss of 70 jobs.
A drugs gang believed to be worth up to £4.5m has been jailed after a £10m drugs operation in south Wales.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was killed in a crash in Nottingham.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new contract, despite the government's threat to impose a new deal.
An RSPCA investigation has been launched into allegations of animal welfare failings at a kennel used by police to house dangerous dogs.
Volkswagen has said it will stop production at five of its German plants this week because of a dispute with two suppliers.
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats will introduce a "Young Person's Bus Pass" to help young people access education and training if they win the general election.
Dwayne Bravo hit an unbeaten century as West Indies were beaten by Pakistan in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) is an EU-wide system that allows member states to extradite suspects who have fled abroad to be tried in their own countries.
Hospitals, care homes and nursing homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast on Christmas Day.
Sebastian Vettel headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Ferrari focused on the soft tyres in the first practice session of the season.
The family of a British journalist who was found dead at a Turkish airport have said they believe she acted alone in her death.
England fly-half Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women's Six Nations with a knee injury and will miss the opening game of the tournament against Spain.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he became "obsessed" with her after the alleged abuse and "craved" sex with her.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte remain tied for the overall lead in the Criterium du Dauphine as Alberto Contador retained his overall lead.
Joe Cardle scored a hat-trick as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in a game that saw both sides finish with 10 men.
The Electoral Commission has launched a booklet aimed at giving people who are not on the electoral register the information they need to vote in the EU referendum.
The Totten Glacier on the east coast of Antarctica could reverse course and retreat further inland as a result of climate change, according to new research.
When President Donald Trump fired the head of the FBI, James Comey, on Tuesday night, the reaction in Washington was swift and visceral.
Six offshore workers were exposed to low levels of radioactive radiation while working on a North Sea platform, it has been claimed.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the killing of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
Dozens of migrants are feared dead after a boat carrying them from North Africa to Europe capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, the British bride shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are determined to find out the truth about what happened to their "beautiful" daughter.
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka at Bristol was abandoned without a ball being bowled as rain washed out the game.
It's a year since plans for a combined Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire devolution deal were submitted to the government.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton Athletic boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose to reach the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals and ended the Rosey Posey side's hopes of reaching the last 16.
Scotland have called up South African fly-half Alex Jones to their squad for the two Tests against Japan in June.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday, thanking people for their "kind messages of goodwill" on social media.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, according to head coach Justin Read.
The wife of a couple who set up an independent state on the seabed off the coast of Suffolk has died at the age of 90.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal bid to stop a rival group from trademarking its name.
A times table check for 11-year-olds in England will be introduced in 2018-19, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan which killed at least 13 people on Saturday.
Crusaders have signed former Crusaders defender Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal following his release by Dungannon Swifts.
"Look at this tree here," said Dedel, pointing to a branch of the andiroba tree.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingspan Stadium.
Gateshead striker Adam Johnson has signed a new one-year contract with the National League club.
The internet has been abuzz over the discovery of what is believed to be one of the worst video games ever made.
A Holyrood committee has given its backing to plans to allow same-sex marriage in Scotland.
Three whistleblowers have told the BBC that they were involved in a scam that conned hundreds of TalkTalk customers out of thousands of pounds.
A hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by health inspectors following an inspection of two of its hospitals.
The Scottish government has said the downturn in the oil and gas industry is partly to blame for the country's poor economic performance.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed after chemotherapy for breast cancer has become the first person in Scotland to give birth using frozen ovarian tissue.
"I genuinely believe that being on death row for 22 years ultimately saved my life," says Nick Yarris, who was sentenced to death in the US state of Pennsylvania for the rape and murder of a woman in 1982.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open.
It looks pretty likely that the Brexit Bill will get its second reading in the House of Lords on Monday.
The head of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs to recruit an extra 300 officers every year.
Curtis Paul is one of Swansea City's longest-serving staff members, having been with the club for more than 40 years.
Emre Can's stunning solo goal in Liverpool's 1-0 win over Watford at Vicarage Road on Saturday has been hailed as one of the goals of the season.
Children in Scotland who have a parent or sibling who has type-1 diabetes could be offered a drug to try to prevent the disease in the future.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death at a house.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) in a funding round that values the company at more than $10bn.
The government has accused the High Court of "attempting to frustrate the will of the British people" by ruling that MPs must vote on whether the prime minister can start the process of leaving the EU.
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party has filed a lawsuit against a left-wing MP who says he was injured in an attack in Athens last month.
Alliance Trust has announced "some of the biggest changes in its history", including the departure of two senior executives, in a bid to cut costs and improve governance.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, according to a new study.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media over an anti-doping scandal that has left the team's reputation "in tatters".
A protest has taken place in Liverpool against plans to set an illegal budget for the city council.
A school in Lancashire which has the lowest proportion of students taking A-levels in England is to close its sixth form.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is not thinking about a possible British and Irish Lions call-up for next year's tour of New Zealand.
A patch that can be stitched on to the heart after a heart attack has shown promising results in animal studies, say scientists.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract with midfielder Peter Whittingham.
This year's Royal Albert Hall (RAH) Proms is one of the most anticipated classical music events of the year.
Former US President Barack Obama has said he wants to visit Ireland when he leaves the White House, according to his successor as US Secretary of State.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" after the midfielder's emoji was used on social media during Sunday's Premier League game.
Cervical cancer patients in Northern Ireland are being offered an extra six weeks of treatment as part of a UK-wide trial.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to have any chance of qualifying for the 2018 finals in Russia.
Early humans may have been living in the Americas some 115,000 years earlier than previously thought, according to a new study published in the journal Nature.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his first appearance for a non-league club for more than a year on Saturday.
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump's proposed cuts to its peacekeeping budget would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue its work.
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are following "several lines of inquiry".
Fewer children in England than any other country in the world are allowed to travel home from school alone after dark, travel on local buses or walk to places other than school, a study has found.
Six police officers have been charged with assault after a man's fingers were severed while he was in custody, the police watchdog said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to a comfortable win over Partick Thistle to move to within a point of the Premiership play-off places.
More than £3.9bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears in England and Wales is "uncollectable", according to government figures seen by the BBC.
Russell Brand has deleted the phone number and email of a Daily Mirror reporter after he tweeted it out.
The Israeli election campaigns are one of the most tedious and tedious things in the world of politics.
Aberdeen's deal with Lloyds Bank to write off the club's £9.4m bank debt is the latest in a series of deals that have seen Scottish football clubs shed large amounts of long-term debt.
An appeals court in China has reduced the jail term of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets to a US-based website, state media report.
The number of mental health patients being sent out of Cornwall for treatment must be cut by 50% by 2020, a coroner has said.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the club is the "most interesting job in world football".
The number of plastic bottles dumped on UK beaches has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to a survey.
Portsmouth defender Liam Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a further year.
James Graham is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign, which he says will be "the main occupying idea in all writers' heads for the next five or 10 years".
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average audience of 2.4 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England and Wales.
The UK government is set to announce its decision on whether or not to grant the Liberal Democrats the right to stand for re-election in the 2016 general election.
Australia's BHP Billiton and Brazil's Vale have reached a deal with prosecutors over the collapse of a dam at their Minas Gerais mine in 2014.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for carry-on luggage bins for its 737 aircraft, which it says will reduce headspace for passengers.
South Africa wrapped up a four-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day international to take a 1-0 lead in the series.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Yewtree sex abuse investigation, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Tom Steel and Tom Latham hit centuries as Durham made a solid start to the final day against Gloucestershire at Chester-le-Street.
Championship side Norwich City have signed Tottenham striker Alex Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and goalkeeper Danny Jones on free transfers.
The pound and the stock market have had a mixed reaction to the news that there is going to be a general election.
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at an inquest into the death of an IRA man in Londonderry may be reported to prosecutors, a court has been told.
An independent review into the training of nursery staff following the death of a baby who choked on a shepherd's pie has been ordered by the government.
More than 1,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of 2016, Home Office figures have shown.
Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon title and end Britain's 77-year wait for a male champion on Centre Court.
An Edinburgh GP has admitted giving his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she threatened to end their marriage if he did not quit his addiction.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Yann Ogogo could return from injury in time for the League One play-off semi-final second leg of the FA Cup against Bradford City.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead as Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four in a sprint finish to claim his third stage win of the race.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead going into the final round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Hawaii.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) has said a large sinkhole that opened in a residential street was caused by water penetrating the ground and fluctuations in groundwater levels.
England are "horrifically" vulnerable to spin when they begin their limited-overs tour of India on Sunday, says former wicketkeeper Graeme Swann.
Careers Wales staff have been asked to take voluntary redundancy in a bid to save £2.7m from its budget, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain won their third medal of the Rio Olympics by finishing second in the mixed-team event in the fencing with silver in the team event behind Lithuania.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Ivan Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal.
Chancellor George Osborne is to hold his third Spending Review, which will set the government's spending plans for the next four years.
Daniel Craig is the best actor to play James Bond, according to the actor's former co-star Ian Fleming.
Chris Northeast's unbeaten century helped Kent secure promotion to Division Two of the County Championship with a draw against Essex at Chelmsford.
For days, Quebec City's Muslim community has been mourning the six people killed in Sunday's shooting at a mosque in the Canadian province.
ITV's production staff have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan need to improve "a helluva lot" this season if they are to challenge for promotion back to Division One of the County Championship, says director of cricket Steve Mott.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Wednesday.
A woman who used five children as "sexual playthings" and forced them to have sex with one another has been found guilty of a string of child sex abuse offences.
The world’s oceans are on the verge of a mass extinction event because of climate change and overfishing, according to a new report.
Why is George Osborne so much better off than he thought he was in July?
Up to 100 jobs could be at risk at Tata Steel's Shotton plant in Newport, a union has warned.
At least 55 dead greyhounds have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland, in the wake of an investigation into the illegal greyhound racing industry.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down speculation linking left-back Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland.
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 79, was one of the UK's best-known and most successful magicians.
The rail company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation last year for disruption caused by strikes and strikes, figures show.
Police investigating the murder of an 83-year-old man who was found stabbed to death in woodland have released CCTV images of three men they want to speak to.
One of Australia's most prominent politicians has announced he is taking leave of absence from the Western Australia Senate to address his battle with depression.
A council in Somerset has voted to ban staff from being paid for smoking during work hours.
A student who was at the Bataclan concert venue in Paris on Friday has described the "inhumane" scenes of people lying on the floor as gunmen opened fire.
England were bowled out for just 101 on the final day of the second Test as Australia beat them by 263 runs in Melbourne to level the Ashes series at 2-2.
Australian police are investigating the case of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking a coffee laced with cyanide.
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes James Burke has the potential to become a "very, very good player" after his £13m move to Germany.
A man accused of murdering a woman whose body was found in a flat has appeared in court for the first time.
The Sri Lankan government has criticised media outlets for showing video of a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire on Saturday.
Japan's Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scottish Labour can no longer rely on the "big beasts" of the past to drive the party forward, the party's only MP in Scotland has said.
Jurassic World, the new Jurassic Park sequel, has topped the US and China box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of trying to smuggle cocaine with a street value of more than A$2m (Â£1.5m; $2m) into the country, her family has said.
Neymar scored the only goal of the game as Barcelona missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as they were beaten by Sevilla.
A number of lawnmowers have been stolen in a "targeted raid" on a farm in North Lanarkshire, police have said.
Oscars host Neil Patrick Harris will be remembered for more than his performance at this year's ceremony.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said the UK will be leaving the World Trade Organization (WTO) when it leaves the European Union (EU).
It is 50 years since British toy company Palitoy launched its Action Man line of toys, and the iconic toy is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
A light-up replica of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol.
Scientists have found a way to control the fluid dynamics of liquid glass using a "sewing machine".
Roger Federer became the first man to win back-to-back Wimbledon men's singles titles as he thrashed Richard Gasquet in the final of the doubles in Lille.
Drivers have been urged to take care on Scotland's roads as icy conditions continue to cause disruption.
Goalkeeper Jamal Blackman produced a string of fine saves as Blackpool and Wycombe played out a goalless draw at Bloomfield Road.
A man has been injured in a shooting at a house in Londonderry.
Two two-year-old boys in the US state of Georgia have escaped from their mother's car after finding the keys in the floor mat while playing in the front yard.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with serious head injuries in an Edinburgh street.
The 70th anniversary of a plane crash which claimed the lives of 10 US servicemen and women has been marked in the Isle of Man.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than a decade during oral arguments in a gun case, US media report.
Opponents of a ban on gay marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the US Supreme Court asking it to overturn a lower court ruling that cleared the way for same-sex unions.
The finance secretary has been accused of "waffle" by opposition MSPs after he refused to hand over extra information ahead of the publication of the Scottish government's budget.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown is to step down at the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a two-minute "gravy wrestling" contest in a pub swimming pool.
Police investigating the murder of a former IRA man in Belfast have said they are "open minded" about a possible motive for his murder, but have not ruled him out as a suspect.
Former EastEnders star Ross Kemp is to return to the soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor's character Peggy Mitchell, it has been announced.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against victims of car thefts and crashes, the BBC has learned.
A woman has been warned by a sheriff after her dog bit a postman while he was delivering mail in Dumfries and Galloway.
"There's only one Tony Stewart, and he's the man that saved Rotherham United."
A memorial service has been held in Paris for the 130 people killed in Friday's attacks in the French capital, in which 129 people were killed.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders after an MSP quit his seat at Holyrood to stand in the general election.
At least one person has been killed and several others injured after a train crashed into a carriage at a station in the Belgian city of Leuven.
If you want to see the world's most famous landmarks in virtual reality, you might want to check out this new version of Google Earth.
An Australian golfer has said he is lucky to be alive after being bitten by a crocodile while playing at a golf course.
The mayor of the US city of Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday in a move that has drawn criticism on social media.
Investment in commercial property in the north east of Scotland fell by more than 60% in 2016, according to a new report.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has mocked Theresa May's Brexit policy by comparing it to the character of Baldrick in a TV comedy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is to get a sequel, Warner Bros has announced.
A former employee of the Silk Road 2.0 website has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for drug trafficking offences.
The Scottish SPCA is caring for a fox cub that was mistaken for a puppy at a veterinary surgery in Dumfries and Galloway.
Britain's Ahmed Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Japan's Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
Italian playwright and satirist Dario Fo, one of the world's best-known playwrights, has died at the age of 88.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after it was told it could not film Prime Minister Theresa May during her visit to Cornwall.
The deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Rangers chairman Dave Murray and chief executive Dave King have been appointed to the club's board after a shareholders' meeting in Glasgow.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When BBC One's Doctor Foster first aired in 2014, actress Gemma Jones says she thought the drama was "exciting and sexy and thrilling" - but she didn't realise how much it would reveal about the "gravitas" of divorce.
Racism in football is "on a regular basis" at amateur and grassroots matches in Wales, according to players and clubs.
The acting head of a primary school where a former head teacher admitted secretly filming pupils and staff has been told there are more victims.
China has accused the US of "militarising" the South China Sea, accusing it of "escalating tensions" in the region.
Thousands of people have attended an annual gay rights rally in Singapore, despite a backlash against the event in the Muslim-majority city-state.
The UK economy is in a dark and chilly waters, and it is not working for many people.
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog in West Yorkshire.
Indonesian authorities say they have rescued more than 400 Rohingya Muslim migrants who were trying to reach Malaysia from Myanmar.
A railway company has been banned from operating trains on the mainline network after a series of safety failings.
It was delivered by a politician with "big ambitions".
South Korea's Kia Motors has been named the best car brand in the world for reliability, according to a survey of car buyers.
Safid, a five-year-old boy from Afghanistan, is one of thousands of child migrants trying to get to the UK.
Key quotes from Northern Ireland politicians on the outcome of the assembly election.
The number of hate crimes in Canada increased in 2015, with Muslims and Catholics the most commonly targeted religious groups, according to a new report.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi was killed in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in May last year.
Voters in London will go to the polls on 5 May to choose their preferred candidate to represent them in the London Assembly election.
British Airways chief executive Willie Walsh has said Northern Ireland could benefit from a new air route development fund.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can detect the shortening of DNA in blood cancers.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry at a roundabout in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled in favour of the US women's national football team in a dispute over pay.
A giraffe that was held in Belgium for more than two years after being diagnosed with rabies has been allowed into the UK to be re-homed at Chester Zoo.
The wife of BBC Radio Ulster presenter Gerry Anderson has said he would have been "delighted" to be inducted into the Professional Radio Ireland (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled its next Xbox console at E3 last month, Phil Spencer made two big promises.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after the social network failed to remove a page about him from its website.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar for The Hateful Eight in 2002, it was one of the biggest nights in her career.
The BBC's Newsnight has been following the migrant crisis in Europe since the start of the year.
A panel of experts has been appointed to investigate events at De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Aliona Vilani, who won this year's Strictly Come Dancing with partner Jay Z, has ruled herself out of the next series of the show.
William Hague has said the UK will push for "strong international agreement" at the UN to tackle the threat posed by Islamist militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will only leave Napoli if Arsenal meet the club's release clause in his contract, a Napoli source has told BBC Sport.
Iceland's parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would require companies to implement equal pay programmes for all employees.
A chronology of key events since more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted from their school in north-eastern Nigeria last month:.
A motorised trolley could be on the verge of setting a new world record.
A boiler owner has failed in a legal bid to stop the publication of his details in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe is to be cut by more than half, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped after leaving the Henley Royal Regatta, police have said.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.
Bilkis Bano was just 19 years old when she was raped and murdered by a Hindu mob during the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said his players "didn't want to play" in the Premier League draw at Sunderland because they were "tired" from their "high-intensity" game on Boxing Day.
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised that the DUP's leader in the Northern Ireland Assembly, Arlene Foster, does not know that HIV is a sexually transmitted disease.
More than 1,000 EU citizens from non-UK countries have been wrongly sent polling cards in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright " owes the club a lot" if he leaves on a free transfer this summer.
China has deployed surface-to-air missiles on an island in the disputed South China Sea, Taiwan's defence ministry has confirmed to the BBC.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the EU cannot "completely depend" on US President Donald Trump and UK Prime Minister Theresa May, saying the times are "on the way out".
BBC Woman's Hour presenter Helen Thompson has become the first woman to call in sick to work because she has a period.
A £1.5bn levy on firms with more than £3m in annual wage bills will be introduced to pay for apprenticeships, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two MPs have been ordered to pay more than £50,000 in libel damages to a man who accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a general strike across the country to protest against last week's disputed presidential election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a common in Plymouth.
Air travel is one of the most popular ways for many people to get around the world.
Greece's former caretaker Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in an explosion at the office of the International Monetary Fund in Paris.
The PSNI has said it is "appalled" by "mindless" attacks on police officers in Newry, County Down.
Jockey Sean Levey came from the back of the field to win the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot for trainer Aidan O'Brien.
The father of a three-year-old boy shot and killed by police in the US state of Louisiana was not armed when officers opened fire, his lawyer has said, as mourners gathered for his funeral.
Scientists in the US have implanted slugs with GPS trackers to help them track where and how they move in a field.
Denmark reached their first Women's Euro 2017 final by beating Austria 3-0 on penalties after a goalless draw after extra-time in the semi-final.
The remains of an ancient girl found in Mexico have been identified as one of the earliest inhabitants of the Americas.
Donald Trump's response to the Washington Post's report that he shared classified information with Russian officials about the so-called Islamic State has been a mixed bag.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side's defeat at Wembley was "heart-breaking" as they fight to avoid Premier League relegation.
The results of analysis of samples taken from the site of last week's alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria are due to be published next week, BBC News has learned.
Researchers at Oxford University say they have developed smart glasses that can improve the sight of blind and partially sighted people.
The Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief has appeared in court in Iran for the first time since he was arrested in July, accused of spying for the US.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have successfully bred in a Nottinghamshire quarry for a second year in a row, the RSPB has said.
Reintroduction of sea otters to an estuary in southern California in the 1970s may have helped revive a dying species of seaweed, a study suggests.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law in England and Wales to allow assisted suicide.
A man who was caught loading drugs into a wheelie bin in Londonderry has been jailed for almost two years.
The number of infants who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965 has risen to 474, the justice minister has said.
On that Sunday morning, on 27 November 1994, Raith Rovers manager Jimmy Nicholl and his team-mates arrived in Glasgow with a sense of purpose, a belief that they could win the Scottish Cup for the first time.
Physical education should be given the status of a core subject in Welsh schools, according to a report.
Doctors for terminally ill baby Charlie Gard have asked the High Court for a fresh hearing into whether he should be allowed to have an experimental treatment in the US.
Children are missing out on the benefits of outdoor learning because it is not part of national curricula in England, according to a report in the British Journal of Education.
Lancashire captain Steve Chapple has been named as assistant coach to former head coach Peter Moores, who left the club on Friday.
England batsman Alex Hales has refunded a fan who paid £4.10 for a slow over rate during the third day of the third Test against Pakistan at Lord's.
The family of a teenager who died after falling into the River Avon is to pay for a memorial to remember other young men who have drowned in the river.
England's emphatic win over Slovenia in Slovenia on Sunday was the perfect way to kick-start their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign - but can they make a serious impact at next summer's tournament in France?
The father of a woman who was gang-raped and murdered in the Indian capital, Delhi, has said he wants the name of his daughter to be made public.
The war on drugs has cost the United States more than half a trillion dollars in the last 50 years, and the number of people in jail has more than doubled.
The RSPB has delayed the official opening of two new nature reserves in Dorset because of flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Police are investigating a suspected case of "deliberate persecution" of birds of prey in a forest in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences as part of a counter-terrorism investigation.
The owner of Wales' biggest brewery and pub chain has announced plans to open its own chain of coffee shops.
Manchester City have completed the signing of defender Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of a man who died after being punched in the head at a scooter rally.
It's that time of the year again.
The price of oil fell sharply on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand for the fuel was likely to have peaked in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to remain in charge of the national team beyond the 2018 World Cup, says Football Association of Wales chief executive Martyn Roberts.
A new report has suggested that the world's oldest country is the best place to live, according to those over 60.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to sign Burton Albion's England Under-21 midfielder Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
Oscar-winning actor Michael Jordan is to reprise his role as the Human Torch in Marvel's Black Panther, alongside Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o.
A 70-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car while crossing a bridge in North Ayrshire.
Four men have been remanded in custody charged with conspiring to import more than 167kg of cannabis into the Republic of Ireland.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for at least 13 years.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection test has told an inquest into his son's death that instructors did not realise his son had gone "off track" during the exercise.
Shaker Aamer's return to the UK this week marks the end of an era for the last British detainee to be released from Guantanamo Bay.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila said his side looked "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League in the play-off round by Malmo.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered from early losses to close higher, but shares in Barclays fell more than 6% after the bank said its annual pre-tax profit would be lower than expected.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died after suffering a cardiac arrest at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Jamie Shankland scored twice as Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston in the Scottish League One play-off final.
Northern Ireland's Jamie McCourt has revealed he was forced to pull out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in the US in connection with the alleged manipulation of the Libor inter-bank lending rate.
Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League last-16 tie at Stamford Bridge to take a 1-0 lead into the second leg.
Uganda's Football Association (Fufa) says it is committed to paying coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would "break from the past" in the wake of Ed Miliband's election defeat.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken to the leader of Taiwan for the first time since the US cut formal diplomatic ties with the island in 1979.
Harvard University in the US has agreed to drop the use of the word "master" from its official title, amid protests over its links to slavery.
Portugal came from behind to beat Australia 1-1 and reach the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup with a 2-2 draw in Group A.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have bulldozed shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in the area known as "Crackland" after a second operation to clear the area.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness is to visit two sites where Irish soldiers fought together in World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he will be better next season after admitting his side were "not good enough" to challenge for the Premier League title this season.
Three-time Grand National winner Many Clouds died after suffering a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage" following a race on Saturday, a report has revealed.
It's that time of year again when football clubs are looking to make their January signings.
The Army has already cut more than 20,000 jobs since 2010 as part of a plan to recruit 82,000 reservists by 2018, the BBC has learned.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "feel the pressure and responsibility too much" after a poor start to the season.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt after the Italian's contract was reportedly terminated by the Russian Football Union.
A British conservationist has accused Maltese hunters of illegally shooting birds of prey, including turtle doves and bitterns, during the spring migration season.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in the West Midlands.
Around 70 jobs are at risk at an audio manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire.
Defender Jonny Evans scored a stoppage-time winner as West Brom came from behind to beat 10-man Stoke at The Hawthorns.
A bus company has called for a "credible" plan to be drawn up before Oxford city centre is pedestrianised.
McDonald's is being accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by charging franchisees too much for the use of its restaurants.
Former Aston Villa and Burnley midfielder Sid Cowans has left his role as first-team coach at the club.
When Tony Blair launched his third general election campaign in 2000, the terror attacks of 9/11 changed the course of British politics.
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Crystal Palace beat Hull City 4-1 at Selhurst Park to secure their place in the Championship next season.
The administrators of Bradford Bulls have said they will not be able to complete a deal to buy the club by the end of the week.
Human remains found in a field in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he will withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, saying it is a "disaster" for the US economy.
A woman who made a life-sized sponge cake based on Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence has won an international cake competition for a second time.
Amnesty International has accused the EU of "sugar-coating" a deal with Turkey on the migrant crisis by promising to "scrupulously respect international law".
The Department of Justice (DoJ) has paid compensation to former pupils who were injured during a loyalist protest outside their Belfast school.
A critical edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since World War Two, 70 years after the author's death.
Pupils at a new primary school in West Lothian were left "like a sauna" when a boiling hot water pipe burst above two classrooms, an MSP has said.
Mae Prif Weinidog Cymru Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros ar ei chabinet newydd ar hyn o bryd gael ei holi gan y BBC
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Brazilian side Corinthians has collapsed.
French rock star Bertrand Cantat has returned to the French music scene with the release of his first album since he was convicted of murder in 2003.
Mae Geraint Thomas o Team Sky wedi dau gymal y Tour de France wedi cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yng Nghaerdydd yn ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The UCI will investigate a complaint made by a team-mate of one of the riders involved in an incident at the Giro d'Italia.
Students are being warned about the dangers of buying unlicensed drugs online to boost their performance in university exams.
EU foreign ministers have agreed on a plan to send troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the conflict-hit country, after talks in Brussels.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United and Scotland Under-20 striker Scott Clarkson on a one-month loan deal.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia and inflict a fourth straight La Liga defeat on Gary Neville's former club.
The Wales women's Euro 2016 squad has arrived in France ahead of their opening match against Slovakia on 11 June.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial game against Manchester City will be streamed live on Facebook ahead of Saturday's game.
Egyptians have been reacting to the country's referendum on a new constitution, which was approved by more than two-thirds of voters.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar last month, killing all 15 people on board, went down in adverse weather, investigators say.
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime" in the European Union.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to "listen up" by an Ulster Unionist MEP in the European Parliament, according to the News Letter.
Thousands of people gather in Edinburgh, in Scotland, every year for a big parade, food and fireworks to welcome in the new year.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a 21-year-old man who was hit and killed by a car in Kent.
A group of bears at a safari park in South Africa have been caught on camera playing with a toy elephant.
The location of one of the most famous battles in Roman history is being considered for inclusion on a list of Scotland's historic battlefields.
Derry manager Joey Barton has said that Brendan Rogers was "shocked" by the incident in which he was injured in Sunday's McKenna Cup final defeat by Tyrone.
Flooding continues to cause severe disruption across parts of central and eastern England after heavy rain caused travel chaos on Wednesday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump in the head.
The first of six giant floating offshore wind turbines has been moved into place off the Aberdeenshire coast.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" as he attempts to win his fourth consecutive PGA Tour title at the Travelers Championship in North Carolina.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, marking the end of the print edition of the US news magazine.
The Russian economy is expected to shrink by more than expected in 2015, as the country's economy continues to be hit by the fall in the oil price and Western sanctions.
The minimum sentence for murder of a police officer should be increased to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has told the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth.
The final week of campaigning in the EU referendum campaign in Wales will be dominated by Labour strongholds in the south Wales valleys and north Wales.
A man who carried out a "frightening and traumatic" robbery at a Balerno post office has been jailed for seven years.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of the squad for next month's Rio Olympics because of injury.
HMS Ocean is to be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced, as part of a review of the Royal Navy's aircraft carriers.
The EY Item Club has slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy in the wake of the vote to leave the European Union.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jack Mason and Chelsea defender Tom Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has told the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) he will not "stand back" when there is injustice in the workplace.
A report has cleared the former Garda Commissioner (Garda) Michael Callinan and the former justice minister Alan Shatter of any wrongdoing.
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has more than doubled in the past year, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says there is "frustration" in the squad ahead of this year's Six Nations as they bid for a third Grand Slam in four years.
"Monty Doherty, here we go again!"
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in Saturday's FA Cup win over Peterborough United.
A man suffered "multiple serious injuries" when he was hit by a lorry on the M1 in the early hours of the morning.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to trim his squad next season following his side's Championship survival.
An app that allows people to play computer games on their mobile phones and tablets has been criticised by a children's charity.
A man has been found guilty of attacking a 73-year-old man with a car and dragging him along the driveway of his home.
International students from outside the UK spend more than £1.5bn in Scotland each year, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
Derry City suffered their first Premier Division defeat of the season as they were beaten 2-1 by Harps at Finn Park on Sunday.
An extra 130,000 secondary school places are needed in England by September 2017 to deal with a shortage in primary schools, local authorities say.
A £50m road linking Cardiff Bay with the city centre is set to open to traffic on Thursday.
Within minutes, water cannon showered the demonstrators and there were loud thuds as tear gas canisters were fired.
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has said she was thrown off a Nottingham tram after being mistaken for another passenger when it was named after her.
The mother of a man who was convicted of stalking pop star Lily Allen has said she had no idea her son had a "fantasy" fixation with the singer.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said she wants to look at the feasibility of bringing East Sussex's fire service under her authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest £3.5m to expand and improve its factory in the south of Scotland.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow in the early hours of the morning.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbian Football Association and England's Football Association over incidents during and after England's European Under-21 Championship play-off win over Serbia in Krusevac in October 2012.
Johnny Depp's management company has filed a lawsuit against the actor, accusing him of failing to live within his means and failing to pay his taxes.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been named as the county's new head coach for the 2017 T20 Blast season.
The Church in Wales' longest-serving bishop has said he is "not against organ donation" as he prepares to step down.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central" to the debate on the future of the UK after the Scottish independence referendum.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City left-back Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Tommy Quigley scored a stunning second-half winner as The New Saints eased past Livingston to reach the second round of the Scottish League Cup.
A Conservative-run council in Surrey has proposed a 15% rise in council tax for 2017-18.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia that have been banned from doing business in the country.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from the Football League for the first time in their history after a 2-1 defeat by Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen for the second month in a row, official figures have shown, with Italy's rate at its highest since records began.
A Russian submarine has been forced to leave the area of an aircraft carrier-led flotilla of warships in the eastern Mediterranean by anti-submarine ships, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie despite speculation linking him with the Rangers job.
Bradford has won the title of Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in a row.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row.
Up to 20,000 Syrians displaced by the conflict in their country have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey, the UN says, as government forces advance on rebel-held areas of northern Syria.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash south of the capital, Mexico City, officials say.
Voters in Kenya have been casting their ballots in elections for the first time since the deadly violence of the last vote five years ago.
Celtic's Champions League qualifier against Linfield will take place on the weekend of 11/12 July, BBC Sport has learned.
Bristol Airport is to close for several weekends each weekend for the next six months to allow engineers to refurbish its runway.
A man is in a "critical condition" in hospital after being stabbed in the chest, police have said.
Tributes have been paid to Carmen Beckford, the founder of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, who has died at the age of 90.
Championship side Derby County have signed defender Ben Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has sprung up to encourage people to read more - but are they a good thing or a bad thing?
Former Republic of Ireland rugby star David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia back row Nic White and Jersey captain Nick Freeman for the 2017-18 season.
Burundi is the largest country in East Africa and one of the world's poorest.
The chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board has said he is "hugely impressed" by the way the families of patients at a Denbighshire hospital have reacted to what went on there.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan is not reappointed as Scotland manager.
A strike by Merseyrail conductors will take place on the day of the Grand National in April, the RMT union has announced.
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by the popular Afghan singer-songwriter Gulbuddin Sayeed, despite death threats.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after being stopped by a police car on the M1 in Suffolk.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game-changer" for the UK arts scene, a report by Liverpool University has said.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Matt Raggett scored a late winner as National League play-off hopefuls Dover Athletic came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Welling United.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower on Wednesday, with shares in Wal-Mart among the biggest fallers.
More than 1,000 potholes have been filled in across Northumberland by a council's pothole-filling machines.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in north London.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man in connection with a shooting on a popular nude beach in the south of the country.
Chinese woman have been debating whether or not they should shave their armpits, after the country's first female beauty queen, Zhang Ziyi, said she would not shave her armpit.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to become the first Briton to climb Mount Everest as part of a research project.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Cairo and Alexandria to protest against Egypt's decision to hand over two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia last month.
Shares in Sports Direct have fallen sharply after the retailer said the fall in the value of the pound overnight would have a "negative impact" on its results.
Ed Sheeran's Top Gear appearance on Sunday will be the first time he's driven a car on a race track - and it didn't go well.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a commentator on two of the network's US TV channels.
One in seven patients in Wales is waiting more than a year for surgery, the equivalent of one in seven people in the country, surgeons have warned.
A former teacher at a Cardiff mosque has gone on trial accused of sex offences against young girls.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open for the first time with a straight-set win in the third round.
For centuries, the legend of Zheng He, one of China's most famous explorers, has been relegated to the back of the history books.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths could be in line for a call-up to the British and Irish Lions squad.
Silverstone is to end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019, with a break clause that will take effect in three years' time.
The desk and chair used by Charles Dickens to write his final novel, A Christmas Carol, is to go on display for the first time after it was bought by a museum thanks to a grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended a constitutional assembly set up by parliament to draft a new constitution, saying it is "illegal" and "unrepresentative".
Footballers will be banned from wearing undergarments which show political, religious or personal slogans under a new law passed by Fifa.
If you want to be a professional cricketer, what do you do if you're not a fast bowler?
The US Treasury Department has urged the European Commission to drop its investigation into Apple over allegations of tax avoidance, saying it risks turning into a "supra-national tax authority".
Giselle Ansley, Sophie Bray and Shona McCallin have been named in the Great Britain women's squad for the Rio Olympics.
More than £20m is to be spent on a range of regeneration projects in north Wales, including revamping town centre centres and building new homes.
The House of Commons has launched a new website to allow people to sign and submit e-petitions to Parliament.
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial figures in the history of science.
A "black alert" has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall due to "unprecedented" levels of demand.
Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their second match of the Rugby World Cup as New Zealand beat Kenya to go top of Pool C.
It is not the done thing to interfere in the internal affairs of a member state - just about.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and assault of a woman at Maghaberry Prison.
The Scottish government has announced a £10m fund to help people made redundant by the downturn in the North Sea oil and gas industry.
A £1.5m cycle park is to be built in Pembrey, Powys, which will be the first of its kind in Wales.
A man armed with a gun threatened a security guard with a knife before stealing a cash box from a van outside a supermarket in West Lothian.
Celtic Energy has agreed to help pay for the clean-up of two of Wales' largest coal mines, the chairman of the Welsh Labour Party has said.
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau ddydd Sadwrn.
Jose Mourinho suffered his first defeat as Manchester United manager as Chelsea thrashed him on his return to Stamford Bridge.
When the Channel 4 show Skins came to an end 10 years ago, it was one of the most popular shows of its kind in the UK.
Police Scotland's most senior officer has defended the use of armed officers, saying they were "entirely appropriate" when confronted with a knife attacker.
Let's call it Alice in Financial Wonderland.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 15-month-old girl in a park.
A black comedy directed by Robert Carlyle is to open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish Wildlife Trust nest, following the death of its previous resident.
Britain would be "stronger" in the European Union if it was outside the bloc, the outgoing president of the European Commission has said.
Growth in global energy use slowed to its slowest pace in more than a decade in 2014, according to a new report.
A new national standard for infant cremations could be introduced after an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return ashes to bereaved families, the government has said.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, in a vote seen as a referendum on the country's pro-Russian policies.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will only commit to the club if there is a long-term investment in the first team.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach after being told it is known locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan.
A 20-year-old woman from Dorset who went missing in Thailand has contacted her family to say she is safe and well and wants to come home.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" and "politics of the gutter" over plans to restrict immigration.
The head of Queen's University Belfast has said the country needs to make "critical decisions" about the future of higher education.
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for taking more than four dogs for a walk.
Victims of child abuse at the Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast have begun a judicial review of the government's handling of the scandal.
Three British tourists who were missing in Nepal when a 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit the country last week have been reunited with their families.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have reached the top tier of European competition for the first time, says head coach Gareth Clements.
Two second-half goals from Oisin MacNiallais helped Donegal to a 4-13 to 0-13 win over 10-man Fermanagh in Sunday's Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Chris Martin will not be sent back to Derby County and will stay at Craven Cottage.
Uganda's Mubende district in the north-east of the country is home to some of the world's largest illegal gold mines.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped his target of returning the national finances to a budget surplus by 2020.
Fifa's annual congress in Zurich will elect a new president on Friday, with Sepp Blatter set to step down as head of world football's governing body.
Two men have been jailed for more than 20 years for attacking a university lecturer with a hammer during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will face Super League rivals Leeds Rhinos in the Million Pound Game semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
More than 1,000 taxi drivers with criminal histories have been granted licences to drive in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese's Alimony Tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a lecture tour more than a comedy tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Diego Macheda on loan for the rest of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo has travelled to Bangladesh to find out more about the people-smuggling business.
A Scottish woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour in the early hours of the morning.
A former Sussex Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for six years.
An ultramarathon has taken place in Hong Kong for the first time, despite criticism of its "monotonous" course.
More than 50 jobs are at risk at a distribution centre in Carmarthenshire after the company that runs it said it was selling the site.
In South Africa, a growing number of schools are adopting e-learning and social media as part of their education curriculum.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £20,000 from her mother's bank account in Perth.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added a stronger-than-expected number in July.
How many nurses and midwives are working in the NHS in England?
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have said they have been left "devastated" by the closure of the store.
Mobile phone network Three has become the first UK network to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling outside the European Union.
Thai police investigating the murder of two British tourists in Thailand say there is no evidence against two Burmese men they had been questioning as suspects.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be standing for re-election as mayor of London.
A UK charity has set up a virtual doctors project in Zambia, using volunteers in the UK to support health workers in the country who are thousands of miles away.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and then stabbed in a street attack in Manchester have paid tribute to a " composed and caring son".
If you were to ask David Thirlwell how he got into business, he would probably tell you that he was inspired by the success of his father's business.
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden's body has been buried at sea in the Arabian Sea, in accordance with Islamic law.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with mining stocks leading the way after a strong start to the week.
The jury in the trial of the former president of the Republic of Ireland, Michael D Murphy, has retired to consider its verdict in the case.
Hundreds of thousands of small firms are to get a tax cut of up to £15,000 a year under government plans to cut business rates, the chancellor has announced.
Scarlets winger Ken Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to be included in Wales' World Cup squad, according to former team-mate Martyn James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new two-year deal with the county for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they have made a "leap forward" in their search for her killer.
Shrewsbury Town have re-signed midfielder Liam McGinty on a one-year contract after his loan spell from Barnsley was cancelled by mutual consent.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a training accident.
Tens of thousands of Palestinians have clashed with Israeli troops in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, hours after restrictions were lifted at a key holy site in the city.
Booking.com, the world's biggest online travel booking service, is facing a €356m (Â£280m; $355m) tax bill from the French government.
Taxi-hailing service Uber has criticised plans for changes to the way the industry is regulated in London.
Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the Tour de France for seven years after a stunning time-trial victory on Saturday's 20th stage.
The United Nations has accused Nigeria's army of detaining at least 10 children as part of its counter-insurgency operations against Boko Haram militants.
Olympic silver medallist Katie Murray recovered from a poor start to reach the final of the women's individual sabre at the World Aquatics Championships.
US carmaker Hyundai has offered to extend car loans and lease payments to federal employees who are affected by the government shutdown.
Taylor Swift has been accused by a British photographer of "giving her work away for free" following her row with Apple over music streaming.
A father who won a legal battle for taking his daughter on holiday during term time has set up a crowdfunding page to pay for legal fees.
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court over her refusal to comply with a court order.
For many countries, the Paralympic Games are seen as a place where the world's best athletes compete - and where the rest of the world watches in envy.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI) and the Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott.
Scotland's local authorities have cut their spending on school crossing patrol services by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Japan's Nikkei share index closed lower on Monday, as the yen strengthened against the US dollar following the US Federal Reserve's interest rate rise.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced a four-year freeze on all public transport fares across the capital's transport network.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has admitted his party's campaign for Scottish independence was "flawed" over the issue of the pound.
One of the world's most valuable pieces of opal has gone on display in South Australia for the first time since its discovery 70 years ago.
A mysterious mudbank made up of human remains has been uncovered off the Kent coast, where a group of prisoners of war were buried in unmarked coffins.
It's News Day, the day when thousands of schoolchildren across the UK take part in the BBC's annual celebration of the news made by our School Reporters.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "clearly breaching constitutional principle" after he appeared to criticise his party's policy on Trident.
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief, it has been announced.
A machine has been built in Thailand to judge the best versions of classic Thai food, but can it actually tell you if the dish is good?
The use of physical punishment of children should be banned in Scotland and the UK, according to a new report.
Worcester Warriors head coach Steve Paver says he had "a few doubts" about the fitness and form of young player Jack Chapman before he made his first start for the club.
Newcastle moved back to the top of the Championship with a hard-fought victory over Aston Villa at St James' Park.
Rangers boss Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him as Celtic manager.
The partner of a transgender woman who died in prison has called for an inquiry into her death after she wrote a letter in which she said she did not want to be there any more.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns in its aviation sector.
The new Ghostbusters remake has received a mixed response from critics, with some saying it is funnier than the original and others saying it has been unfairly maligned.
A woman has died following a two-car crash in East Lothian.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay an extra £5,520 a year in stamp duty from next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
The M8 motorway was closed in both directions for several hours after a fire broke out on a fuel tanker on the westbound carriageway.
The Eden Project, the project to build a £100m underground museum and aquarium on the Jurassic Coast, has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
A Manx football club has said it is concerned about the safety of the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant.
Giannelli Imbula scored on his Stoke City debut as the Potters eased to victory over Bournemouth in the Premier League.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a man who later killed himself has said he has been "shut down" by police.
Oldham Athletic have become the first team in English football to offer free entry to supporters for their League One match against Brentford on Saturday, when the game is played at the club's home ground.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore (Bombay) have detained a group of protesters who were protesting against the arrest of a French envoy for allegedly raping a child.
Britain's Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the Para-cycling World Championships in the Bahamas with victory in the women's scratch.
A second man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in a bomb attack 10 years ago.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon says.
A man who shone a laser pen into the cockpit of a police helicopter while it was flying over Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, suggesting that the world's second largest economy may be on the mend.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer with his 10,000th career point.
A man serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two more girls.
The story of the assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich by British special forces during World War Two has been made into a film.
A chronology of key events:..
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted they took a banned drug during a "bonding exercise" at the London 2012 Games.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren has taken place at St Paul's Cathedral in Manchester.
Fiji is one of the world's smallest countries, with a population of just over 100,000.
The Scottish government has said it is "open to working together" with a Chinese consortium after a £10bn infrastructure deal collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been poisoned to death in Gwynedd, police have said.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has held talks with officials from the European Economic Area (EFTA) about the possibility of Scotland joining the group.
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike in protest after they were barred from taking part in regional elections for the Siberian region of Yakutsk.
Somerset took three early wickets on the opening day of their Division Two match against Hampshire at Taunton as Hampshire's batting collapsed under the lights.
South Africa is debating whether to remove Christmas Day from the public holiday calendar.
Three men have been arrested after a nativity doll was stolen from a display outside a church in Edinburgh.
Nigeria's main opposition party has suffered its biggest defeat since military rule ended in 1999, in elections for state governors and state assemblies.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Stanley Park at Anfield and Goodison Park in Merseyside.
Carlitos Tevez has left Manchester United and Juventus to join Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A public order has been issued against "rambling naked" campaigner Stephen Gough, who has been jailed twice for outraging public decency.
The fundraising appeal to help restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Mackintosh building has received its largest single donation to date.
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves opened their Championship season with victory over Middlesbrough.
Bristol have appointed Mark Tainton as acting head coach following the suspension of Steve Robinson for the rest of the season.
Mae'r Scarlets yn rhydd i chwarae ei gêm olaf i'r Saracens yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad ar gyfer y
It's often said that "clouds" are like the misty clouds that float in the ether.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the impact of the eurozone crisis on Iceland, Cyprus and Greece.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for making him and his wife "so welcome" during his first visit to the island since the birth of his son Prince George.
In the space of a few days last month, Mexican journalists Miroslava Breach and Joaquín Guzmán Valdez were killed.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter, helped by strong sales in China.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games for the first time, it has been announced.
A vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill in the US House of Representatives has been withdrawn, hours after it was due to take place.
As George and Amal Clooney welcome their newborn babies into the world, we take a look at some of the reactions on social media.
A law firm representing survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire has said it is "taken extremely seriously" after it was accused of putting up a poster offering free legal advice to people who survived the blaze.
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol are now "considerably higher" than in similar prisons, according to an inspection report.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is facing a $25 (Â£20) lawsuit alleging it is violating a law requiring it to offer free admission to the public.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has denied she is not a "progressive" after her rival, Bernie Sanders, accused her of taking millions of dollars from Wall Street.
Alloa Athletic have appointed John Ross as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" if he will be able to get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying his country is "so innocent".
Swansea City defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top-class defender, according to manager Paul Clement.
Plans to build a gravel quarry on "ancient woodland" in Derbyshire are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England", according to a conservation charity.
Bog snorkelling will be one of the main attractions at this year's National Games of Wales in Gwynedd.
Former American football star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas last month.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out an independence referendum in 2017, saying there is "no one who thinks that is the case".
A survivor of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was asked by police to change his statement about a Liverpool fan who died in the disaster.
The chairman of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service has said he made "well-founded" complaints to the Home Office about the way the authority was run.
The FTSE 100 share index has closed higher for the first time in four days, after a week of volatility on China's stock markets.
Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace.
The Forth Road Bridge should be operational and open to all traffic on completion of urgent repair work by the end of the year, the transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend.
More than 1,000 packets of cigarettes with an estimated street value of £1m have been found dumped on a road in Dorset.
Comedian and TV presenter Jenny Toksvig has said she is a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows, despite the BBC banning all-male panel shows.
An investigation into a fatal helicopter crash in Norway in April has found evidence of fatigue in parts of the same model of helicopter that may have caused the incident.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen slightly, according to new figures from Scottish Borders Council.
Domestic abusers who commit violent crimes are to be offered therapy to help them avoid prison, the BBC has learned.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles is in line to replace injured Hallam Amos in Wales' back-three for their Six Nations match against Italy in Cardiff on Saturday.
Anthony Joshua's fight with Wladimir Klitschko is the "perfect time" for him to become undisputed world heavyweight champion, says former world champion Lennox Lewis.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action against a fans' forum over comments made on it, the club has confirmed.
A 21-year-old man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Derry suffered their first All-Ireland SFC final defeat of the season as they were beaten 2-18 to 1-17 by Mayo in extra-time in Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for his "courage" in playing through injury.
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbikes title as he finished second to Chaz Davies in the second race of the season at Aragon.
More than 20% of independent school students in England took extra time to complete GCSE and A-level exams last year because of special needs or disabilities, figures show.
England and South Sydney Rabbitohs forward Joe Burgess has taken part in trials for the New York Giants, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Doncaster maintained their 100% start to the League Two season as they came from behind to beat Stevenage and go top of the table.
Nepal is the only country in the world where more than two million people are unable to acquire citizenship, according to the United Nations.
Castleford Tigers moved to within two points of Super League leaders Salford Red Devils with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
West Ham's final game at the Boleyn Ground ended in disaster as they were knocked out of the Premier League by Manchester United in a game of high drama and high drama.
The opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France will start in the German city of Berlin, organisers have announced.
A mental health watchdog has accused NHS Lothian of "serious concerns" over the care of dementia patients at one of Scotland's largest hospitals.
Eight people have been charged with running a brothel ring in the UK, police have said.
A lawyer for former Guatemalan army general Efrain Rios Montt has been shot dead, days after the general's conviction for genocide was overturned.
Oscar-winning film producer John Chartoff, who produced Rocky and Raging Bull, has died at the age of 83.
A commemoration has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup final victory over West Germany.
A dedicated unit to tackle online hate crime in London has been launched by the mayor of the capital.
If you want to browse the internet more securely then you need to think about setting up a VPN.
Shares in Danish brewer Carlsberg have fallen sharply after the company said it expects full-year profits to be lower than expected because of a drop in sales in Ukraine.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos say they are "more desperate than ever" to find out what happened to him.
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff in England and Wales are to stage a series of strikes in a row over cuts to transport services.
Cambridge United and 10-man Carlisle United played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park in League Two.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent are to make a formal complaint to the Electoral Commission over the government's announcement that the site will be bought by the government.
In a small hospital in Bambari, in the Central African Republic (CAR), doctors and nurses are working through the night to save the lives of civilians who have been caught up in the violence that has spread across the country.
Former WBA and IBF world super-middleweight champion Carl Froch says he wants to return to the ring before the end of the year.
The debate on the future of the arts in the House of Commons was dominated by the issue of funding for regional theatres.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, in what is believed to be the earliest such system to form in the region this year.
The Queen has promised a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement for Wales in her Queen's Speech.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors that will keep him at Scotstoun until the end of the 2018-19 season.
A speaker was carried in a car carrying heroin with a street value of more than £5m, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food at least once in the past year, according to a new report.
A council has said it has had to place six children in residential care outside of Kent because it cannot cope with the number of asylum seekers coming into its care.
Rugby players deserve to earn more money, says the head of the players' union, despite their new five-year contract worth more than £1m a year.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight years for running a "significant" cannabis farm.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a 10-foot (3.2m) rattlesnake that escaped from a Florida home.
The Football Association of Northern Ireland's Disciplinary Committee has upheld a three-match ban handed to Glenavon's Mark Novo for his red card against Glentoran in the Irish Premiership game at Windsor Park on Saturday.
Two men who died when their light aircraft crashed on a farm in Powys have been named by police.
Northamptonshire took five wickets in the final session to end day two of their Division Two match against Kent in a draw at Canterbury.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of aiding the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has begun in Cairo with the prosecution playing a series of video clips.
The UK's Supreme Court is due to rule on whether a couple can sue the government over claims they were tortured by MI6 under the so-called extraordinary rendition programme.
A woman whose grandfather died in a plane crash in New Zealand has said she is still waiting for a visa application to be fast-tracked, six months after it was rejected.
A man has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act after being found not guilty of attempted murder on the grounds of insanity.
A landslip on the A835 Ullapool road in the Highlands is the latest in a series of landslips to hit roads across Scotland as heavy rain continues to batter the country.
The Welsh Government has said it is "extremely concerned" about the BBC's plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios.
Comedian Paddy Dodd has topped a list of the best-selling records of the 1960s in a chart compiled by BBC Radio 2.
Eight-time TT winner Alan Hutchinson suffered a broken leg in a crash during the Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT on Saturday.
At the top, but not in the inner circle.
World number one Novak Djokovic and his doubles partner Milos Raonic have been knocked out of the Olympic Games in the second round.
A former CIA station chief jailed in Italy for his role in the abduction of a terror suspect has been extradited to the US, US officials say.
Gloucester's Jamie Milkins says he felt "under a lot of pressure" after ending a five-match losing streak with a first-round win at the UK Championship.
Gardaí (Irish police) are carrying out searches in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of Irish boxer Michael Byrne.
A new football pitch has been unveiled ahead of the 2017 Champions League final in Cardiff.
The future of the Newport Ship is set to be safeguarded after the council agreed to rent a warehouse to store it.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged over an alleged assault on a reporter at a rally, his campaign says.
Two men have pleaded guilty to health and safety breaches following the death of a man who was crushed when two pallet stacks of coal fell on top of him.
Thousands of people in Southampton are being forced to live in "unlicensed" homes because of a shortage of affordable homes, Shelter has said.
Pepper, the humanoid robot created by Japanese firm Softbank, is to be deployed in two Belgian hospitals.
Malnutrition was a factor in the deaths of 828 patients in hospitals and care homes last year, according to official figures.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has said a planned march by former soldiers in Londonderry is an "act of pure provocation".
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country in a bid to create jobs and boost the economy.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has been cleared by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) of misconduct after failing to attend a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday.
Human remains have been found by a cyclist in East Lothian which police are treating as "unexplained".
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson expects the club's transfer embargo to be lifted by the end of next week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, causing the roof to collapse.
Mohamed Elyounoussi and Peter Ruud scored late goals as Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland side lost 3-0 to Norway in a friendly at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during her visit to Moscow.
A 21-year-old man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named by police as James Hunter.
David Cameron has said the UK will never be part of a "European superstate" after reaching a deal with EU leaders on reforming the country's membership of the bloc.
A discount bus pass scheme for young people is to be extended after the Welsh Government announced it was to be scrapped, it has been confirmed.
A woman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer to fund her lavish lifestyle has been ordered to pay back almost £500,000.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Aker Solutions has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs as part of a global reorganisation.
E-commerce giants such as eBay and Gumtree could be targeted by the taxman in a bid to crack down on the so-called "hidden economy".
Do you know how many tonnes of gold, silver and other treasure are found in the UK every year?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan, with more than 44m views on Facebook in less than 24 hours.
A rugby player who died after a clash with an opponent suffered a bleed on the brain when she collapsed on the pitch died from a blood clot, an inquest has heard.
Southampton maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season as they held Leicester City to a goalless draw at the King Power Stadium.
When Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first met in the 1980s, they were both photographing the graffiti that was taking place in New York's subway system.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble that marred England's Euro 2016 qualifier against them at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Relegation to the National League would be "devastating" for Newport County and the city of Newport, according to chairman Alan Foxall.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot this winter and hopes to return to the top of the world rankings next year.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" of two women he knew on an adult website has been jailed for six months.
The Republic of Ireland's embassy in the United States raised concerns about The Quiet Man in 1952 over fears it would be seen as a "rollicking farce" by Irish-Americans.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent Italian-Australian lawyer who was killed in a suspected gangland feud.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating online abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Ben Flower after he was banned for punching a player.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged by a leading human rights campaigner to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A 90-year-old mobility scooter rider has been taken home by police after being caught speeding on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first football stadium on his first official visit to the country.
Derek McInnes was a key factor in Shay Logan's decision to sign a new contract at Pittodrie, according to the defender.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to remember those who have died while serving their country at Cardiff Castle.
Avengers director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, saying he had reached "rock bottom" in his addiction to the social media site.
The organisation that has produced the Moby laptop for poor children in developing nations has been awarded a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of the device.
Car owners in the US will be able to modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright laws, the Library of Congress has ruled.
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a "mild heart attack" during the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
Australia reached the Women's World Twenty20 final as they beat England by five wickets in a thrilling semi-final in India.
Oil prices have fallen sharply for a second day after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided not to cut production.
The Soloist office block in Belfast city centre has been bought by a London-based company.
When US President Barack Obama meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week, it will be the first face-to-face meeting between the two leaders since the Edward Snowden revelations.
World number one Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a two-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
At the Red Cross offices in South Sudan's capital, Juba, I am greeted by the familiar sight of the brightly-coloured windows of the offices of the United Nations.
After being attacked with acid by a gang of men in the Indian city of Mumbai, Ayesha Bhat was taken to hospital and left for dead.
Police have said they are treating the deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, as "unexplained".
There was no change of tone, no acknowledgement of any fresh message the voters had sent Mrs May, bar a passing reference to opportunity and fairness that echoed her speech on the same spot 11 months ago.
The Scottish government is to bring in a statutory requirement for the number of nurses and midwives working in Scotland's NHS.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media claim that the country is free of neo-Nazis and fascists, and that far-right parties did not win any seats in last month's general election.
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach an agreement after talks in Brussels failed to break the deadlock over the country's debt crisis.
Doctors treating Ashya King, the five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia who was taken from England to the Czech Republic for treatment, have told the BBC they are concerned about his recovery.
Dogs could be banned from some public spaces in Wrexham under plans being considered by the council.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the A55 near Bangor in Gwynedd.
Portsmouth goalkeeper David Carson produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a goalless draw against Hartlepool at Fratton Park.
A sick turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Man is being moved to a special tank in a bid to save its life.
Rohit Singh, a 12-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Bihar, is making a living from fishing coins out of the Ganges river.
A bill to lower the legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales has been backed by health experts who say it would save hundreds of lives.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons before they were found dead, it has been confirmed.
New Motherwell signing Jonny Pearson says the Scottish Premiership club is a "good place to come and work" after signing a one-year deal.
A seven-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father had a similar operation has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first woman to coach in a men's professional American football team.
Political parties should stop talking about "hard and soft Brexit" in terms that people do not understand, a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that the Obama administration paid $400m (£300m) to Iran in cash, saying he saw a video of the transfer.
A woman has been killed and another injured after a chainsaw-wielding man attacked shoppers at a shopping centre in Belarus with an axe and hammer, police say.
Former first minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied to a renewable heat scheme before he and his wife were married.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News after the channel claimed the city was a "mosque" for Muslims following the Paris attacks.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) for the second time this year.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will take a "step back" when he leads out his side in the first one-day international against West Indies in Barbados on Friday.
Labour is "fundamentally disagreeing" with voters on the EU and needs to do more to persuade them to back the Remain campaign, the party's general secretary Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block on the site of a former quarry in West Sussex have been submitted to the council.
Saracens ran in seven tries as they thrashed Oyonnax in their Champions Cup opener in Paris to move to the top of Pool One.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase for more than 50 minutes after he was caught driving without a licence has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour are among the top 10 influencers in the world of women, according to the BBC's Woman's Hour power list.
"When I was appointed as chief executive of my company, I didn't think I would be able to turn it into a billion-dollar business," says Lee Choe.
Derby County's poor form continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford at Pride Park.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Jim Blair has urged the club's players to sign new contracts with the Pro12 champions.
Olympic champion cyclist Katie Archibald has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been moved from the middle of the M1 after it was found in the fast lane of the motorway.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can still "turn things around" despite being booed off the field by their own fans.
Up to 17cm (5in) of snow has fallen in some parts of northern England in the space of 24 hours, causing travel disruption and disruption.
Archaeologists say they have found what they believe to be the remains of a plague burial ground in the Czech Republic.
Staff at a primary school in County Antrim where a father and his two children were seriously injured in a suspected arson attack have been given specialist counselling.
American Airlines and United Airlines have joined Delta Air Lines in banning the shipment of hunting trophies following the controversial killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
The head of the Rugby Football League (RFL) says it is "extremely important" that rugby league continues to grow in London.
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to reach a deal on how to deal with the migrant crisis, amid fierce divisions over a controversial relocation scheme.
A police officer and two other men have been arrested in connection with a hoax terror threat to an officer last year.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck ploughed into a crowd of people watching a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans, police say.
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered a free night in its "premier suite" to the host of The Only Way Is Essex, Michael O'Grady, after he called the town a "shit hole" during a recent episode of the show.
Never in a million years did you think you would end up as the chief executive of a company that makes all-natural, healthy snack food.
There are many ways to measure the Barack Obama presidency.
Former South African Archbishop of South Africa Desmond Tutu has said he would support the legalisation of assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Flights to and from the UK are returning to normal following the Paris attacks, Monarch has said.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village following the death of a teenage drug dealer.
Tesla has said it plans to increase production of its cars five-fold over the next two years, after reporting a rise in demand for its vehicles.
"I've only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on loan until the end of the season.
Pupils at a primary school in Manchester have been banned from playing British Bulldog because of the number of broken bones it generates, the BBC has learned.
Northern Ireland's economic growth will remain the lowest of the 12 UK regions in 2015 and will fall again in 2016, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
"The police watchdog must stop failing families in this way," said a statement published on the website of the family of a man who was shot dead by a police officer in custody.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured after a gunman opened fire in a cafeteria at a wood processing plant in central Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a £2.5m dragon sculpture in Wrexham could be given a five-year extension to allow the project to go ahead.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the Championship is "not like losing your place in the Premier League in football".
A woman has told a court she was raped and forced to work in a restaurant by a man accused of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to follow the example of the child Jesus, who was born into poverty in a manger despite his divinity, to inspire their lives.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur academic Ilham Tohti, who has been charged with separatism.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become the first politician to get stuck on a zip wire during the Olympic Games in Rio.
Fulham boss Slavisa Kebano has no new injury worries but may make changes after his side were held to a goalless draw at fellow Championship strugglers Reading.
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland has been postponed because of a crash on the M1 in County Antrim.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 4-2 defeat at Hull City and must improve defensively ahead of Saturday's visit of Burnley.
At least nine people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say, in the latest in a series of clashes between gangs and police.
If a school decided to close its sixth form and all of its pupils had to travel to schools in neighbouring local authorities for their post-16 education, would there have been a protest?
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the US Library of Congress's National Film Registry.
At least 160 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the north-eastern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he will have to improve if he is to replicate his form in the Test series against New Zealand and Australia next year.
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former member of the Royal Family has told a court she is "not fantasising, lying or imagining it".
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup campaign ended in defeat as they were beaten by Afghanistan by eight wickets in the second one-day international in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a knife attack at a school in which a teacher and a student were injured.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places as they were held to a draw by Partick Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Hundreds of people have attended services in London to mark Anzac Day, marking the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran in response to Tehran's activities in the Middle East.
This year's GCSE results are in - here's what you need to know.
Bidders have been shortlisted for the next two rail franchises in the north of England, the government has announced.
Four people, including a teenage girl, have been rescued after a speedboat capsized off the coast of Torbay.
Former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions and victims of clerical child abuse are among those calling for the inquiry into historical abuse to be widened.
US tech giant Intel has reported a drop in third-quarter profits as the firm continues to struggle with slowing demand for its computer chips.
The prime minister is to ask whether the UK can offer counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his visit to the two countries this week.
The Welsh government is to lend £4.5m to airlines Airbus and British Airways to help them build new bases in Wales.
A first-time mum who left a letter for another mother after she dropped her shopping in the supermarket has said it has made her day.
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Changes to maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be introduced earlier than planned, it has been announced.
Scotland's education secretary has said he is "confident" a new curriculum for secondary schools will produce the results the country needs.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold for more than £15,000 at auction.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood grew up in the Rhondda Cynon Taff and went to school in the town of Tonypandy.
A third runway at Heathrow could lead to a marginal increase in pollution levels in the air around the airport, according to new research.
The Davis Cup final between Great Britain and Belgium will go ahead as planned despite the terror threat in Belgium, says the Belgian Tennis Federation (FTF).
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan in Ghana's capital, Accra, after taking off from an airport and overshot the runway, officials say.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of 18 years for the murder of a Brighton man who was found dead in his flat in 2011.
Sinn Féin's Naomi Sugden has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the takeover of the club.
Prosecutors in Japan have opened an investigation into the advertising agency Dentsu, following the death of a young employee who took her own life after working excessive overtime.
Chelsea, Burnley and Huddersfield all lost on day one of the new Premier League season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on the country's poor maintenance culture.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while taking part in a charity bike ride in north Wales.
Permian and Khalidi have been added to the field for this year's Derby at Epsom, which has been boosted by the addition of Cracksman and Diore Lia.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey.
Five people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the Malian capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will return to Paris St-Germain "like a legend" when he leaves the club at the end of the season.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager after the LA Galaxy legend announced his return to Anfield.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace, Coventry City and Colchester United striker Kevin Morrison on a one-year deal.
Major sporting events in the UK attracted more than 60 million spectators in 2015, according to new figures from Deloitte.
A woman has said she feels like she has been "butchered and robbed of her life savings" after spending thousands of pounds on dental treatment in Hungary.
Stefano Schettino, the captain of the Costa Concordia, has been jailed for 10 years for causing the ship's sinking.
Twenty-five British Olympians won medals at London 2012 - a record number for any Games.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could be the next Ronda Rousey, according to Welsh mixed martial arts fighter Brett Johns.
A series of photographs by Strand Collective has been commissioned by the No Walls Gallery in Brighton as part of the Brighton Photo Fringe Festival.
Worcestershire batsman Liam Wells has signed a two-year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2018 season.
Train operator Arriva Trains Wales has announced it is to increase services into Cardiff Central.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango augmented reality technology and a modular handset that can be fitted to other devices.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the centre of the Latvian capital, Riga, for an annual memorial service.
Parts of north Wales have been told to prepare for flooding as heavy rain is forecast for the weekend.
A federal judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, as part of a corruption investigation.
Sir Roger Moore and Paralympic champion Colin Jones are among the stars who feature in a new film about life-changing moments.
Theresa May's letter to European Council President Donald Tusk setting out the UK's plans for leaving the EU has been met with anger in Wales.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help in the fight against the Islamist militant group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
The owner of a North Sea fishing vessel has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died following an accident involving a petrol pump on board.
A north Wales MP has called for clarity over plans to allow English and Welsh MPs to vote on the same issues in the House of Commons.
Police have said the discovery of an arms dump in County Antrim could have "saved lives" after a "substantial number of explosive devices" were found.
At least 35 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, police say.
A chronology of key events:..
Wales striker Sam Vokes says his team-mates will take confidence from their recent performances into Saturday's World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
Former US football star O.J. Simpson has appeared in court in Las Vegas to ask for a new trial for a 2007 robbery in which he was jailed for life.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County on a three-year contract.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping and will be allowed to race in the Tour de France after being cleared by the Czech Olympic Committee.
The Stakeknife inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people by the IRA's secret agent Freddie Scappaticci is to be held in Northern Ireland later this year.
Tesco has apologised for using an image of a man pulling carrots on an organic farm as part of a marketing campaign.
It was supposed to be a moment that rocked the virtual world.
Former Scotland boss Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to become the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek, the club have confirmed.
Eritrea has described a UN report that accused its government of human rights abuses as "unfounded and devoid of all merit" as "an attack on civilised society".
A bus driver has been suspended after a video of a street brawl was posted on social media.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in the 1970s BBC drama Poldark, has died at the age of 72 after a long illness.
Environmentalists and energy firms have called on the Scottish government to introduce legislation to encourage the use of a new form of community heating.
People who leave rubbish in wheelie bins outside their homes could face a fine of up to £1,000 if they are caught.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died in a car crash have said they are "extremely proud" of her achievements after she achieved the top grades in her life sciences course.
It's one of the great challenges of the 21st Century: how to deal with the rising tide of tourists.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of bad weather in Wales, with the Met Office warning of strong winds and heavy rain.
The Indian Premier League gets under way on Monday, 25 April with the opening match between Rising Pune Supergiants and Royal Challengers Bangalore at the Waca in Delhi.
Google’s ambitious plan to beam internet connectivity across the world from a network of balloons in the stratosphere has taken a major step forward, the firm has said.
Plans to turn a former Ministry of Defence (MoD) depot in Shropshire into a multi-million pound development have been unveiled.
More than 1,000 people have been charged with drugs offences in Belfast since a police campaign was launched last year, it has been revealed.
A mother killed her two young sons before taking her own life, an inquest has heard.
The body of a man has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Glasgow.
Work permits for EU citizens living and working in the UK could cut migration by up to 100,000 a year if the UK voted to leave the EU, a think tank has suggested.
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU air quality rules after admitting it did not consult properly on plans to cut pollution, the High Court has heard.
The case of Adnan Syed, the man at the centre of the hit podcast Serial, is to be re-examined for the first time since his conviction in 2000.
Three pieces of gold jewellery have been found in Scunthorpe and Brigg following a treasure hunt.
A businessman who allowed a man with learning difficulties to drown in a lake to make a "quick buck" has been jailed.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement has likened Fernando Llorente to the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Sergio Ramos and John Terry.
Northern Ireland's political parties have been unable to agree a budget for the coming financial year.
The father of toddler Gabriella Ratcliffe, whose mother has been detained in Iran for more than a month, is to launch a campaign to bring her home.
Scientists in the United States say they have made the first human-pig embryos to be created using a gene-editing technique.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down, despite opposition calls for him to do so.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous books in the world, but why did it take so long to be published?
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year because of budget cuts, a council has said.
French football club Marseille have confirmed the sale of the club to American businessman Frank McCourt for an undisclosed fee.
Sir Chris Hoy has been chosen to carry the British flag at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games on Friday.
A judge has ordered the father of a woman held against her will by her father in Saudi Arabia to allow her to return to the UK.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid.
MPs representing English constituencies will no longer be able to vote on laws that only apply in England, the government has announced.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education because of language barriers, according to a new report.
Invest NI, the Northern Ireland Executive's plan to introduce a new rate of corporation tax for Northern Ireland, has moved a step closer.
Plans to expand Oxford's bus and cycle park-and-ride service have been unveiled.
A gay rights group in Russia says it is evacuating gay people from Chechnya, amid reports of a crackdown on homosexuals in the North Caucasus region.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgency" for him to make a good start at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday if he is to challenge Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg for the title.
Russia's new "information security law" will come into force on 1 August, requiring bloggers to register with the country's media regulator.
Spanish police say they have broken up a ring that used Chinese nationals to work illegally as domestic workers.
Germany's Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has warned of a rise in the number of "lone wolf" attacks in the country, following the fatal stabbing of two people on a train in Berlin.
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club if they were to re-appoint him as manager.
Mo Farah missed out on a second gold medal at the World Championships as he was beaten in his final 5,000m race at London 2017.
David Cameron's son's death prepared his wife, Samantha, for becoming Prime Minister, she has said.
Two elderly women have been conned out of more than £10,000 in two separate cold call scams, police have said.
Tributes have been paid to the Catholic priest, Fr Alec Reid, who played a key role in the peace process during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said it was "easy to love" his players after they reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to join together in a bid to secure the future of the dairy industry.
A woman has died and two children have been seriously injured in a crash on the M25 in Berkshire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has said new anti-racism rules introduced at its congress in Mauritius will be a "defining moment" for world football.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man has died in a fire at a house in East Sussex.
A vicar from Leeds has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault on a child, police have said.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens has confirmed he will officiate at the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
Four Israelis have been charged in connection with the death of an Israeli Arab who was beaten by a mob in the occupied West Bank in October.
Brazil have added Kaka to their squad for next month's Under-20 World Cup in South America.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the third time in four years with a comfortable victory over Birmingham City Ladies at Emirates Stadium.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a dar
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of the Police Scotland control centre in Inverness, BBC Scotland has learned.
A man has denied assaulting a doctor at a hospital in North Lanarkshire with a razor blade.
Two Labour AMs are hoping to become the first to propose a ban on letting agency fees for private rented accommodation in Wales.
Doctors should give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery, according to new guidance from the UK's medical watchdog.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored the only goal of the game as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals with victory over Arsenal at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a "dramatic" trade-off between having big voices and big testes, according to new research.
Christina Rees has been appointed as the new shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian man accused of hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account has been sentenced to five years in prison in the US.
Cardiff Central railway station will be closed on Saturday and Sunday as part of safety tests ahead of the Champions League final.
Victims and survivors of child abuse who want to give evidence to the inquiry into historical child abuse in Scotland are being asked to do so by the end of the year.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man who was being beaten up.
Targets to increase the number of Welsh-speaking children in schools in Wales will be set by the Welsh government.
Three nurses who mistreated a paralysed man in hospital after he suffered a brain haemorrhage have been banned from the profession.
Residents in Surrey are being urged to recycle "weird and wonderful" items left in their bins as part of a council's recycling drive.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to predict the impact of the deadly attack on the Champs-Elysees in Paris on the day of the first round of the French presidential election.
A US soldier has been charged with attempted murder in connection with the killing of a woman in Afghanistan last week, and his lawyer has suggested he may have suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £50,000 grant from the Manx government.
James Ward produced a stunning final-set win over John Isner to give Great Britain a 2-1 lead in their Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States.
A huge underwater forest of ancient trees has been discovered off the east coast of England.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a prison by stuffing it into his mouth has been jailed for six months.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University after chemicals "had become unstable" and lectures were moved away from an area of the campus.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos for an exhibition of his latest work.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to give evidence to a parliamentary committee for the first time since it was published.
Cafodd ei saethu gyda gwn Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach yn Sir Caerffili yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl gael ei sif
The value of the pound against the US dollar has fallen below $1.30 for the first time in 30 years following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Whistleblowing in the public sector in England and Wales is still not good enough, MPs have said, calling for better protection for whistleblowers.
The lights of Sydney's Opera House have been switched off for Earth Hour as part of a global campaign to raise awareness of climate change.
Tens of thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, the US student who died in a coma after being detained in North Korea last week.
Northern Ireland's Stephen Maguire said he was "embarrassed" after admitting he "never showed up" for his first-round match at the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrat (CDU) party has suffered a "debacle" in a regional election, with voters angry at her handling of the country's refugee crisis.
One in four men and one in 20 women in the world smoked daily in 2015, but the number of people dying from tobacco-related causes has increased by 4.7% over the past 25 years, a report says.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the sport's drivers' union of telling teams to "shut up and drive" in an attack on the governance of the sport.
Tata Steel has been fined more than £1m for breaching health and safety rules by releasing a chemical from a blast furnace at its Rotherham plant.
The leaders of four Northern Ireland parties are due to meet the prime minister in London later to discuss a possible deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour and his bodyguards have been killed in a gunfight in the Pakistani city of Quetta, Taliban sources have told the BBC.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a revenge attack.
An inquest has opened into the death of a man who was found stabbed to death at a house in Leicestershire.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow city centre.
A "bubble match" between Chester and Wrexham was held as normal on Saturday, with no trouble reported at the north Wales derby.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal from Borussia Monchengladbach.
Paint has been thrown through the window of a County Antrim community hall in what police are treating as a hate crime.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing the embassy of Julian Assange, saying it is a "stain on the country's reputation".
The diplomatic efforts to find a political solution to the crisis in Syria are moving at a faster pace than at any time since the start of the conflict in 2011.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims by Algeria's goalball team that they have pulled out of two matches at the Rio Paralympics.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach its shores, after the New York Times described it as "inhumane".
Plans to move a tennis court at the home of the Queen and her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, have been submitted to a council.
Local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for Syrian refugees, the National Audit Office (NAO) has warned.
A 19-year-old man has been left with serious facial injuries after being attacked by a group of men in Londonderry.
The UK has been chosen to build one of Europe's most ambitious space missions, a probe to study the Sun and the planets in the Solar System.
We have just entered the most complicated, most fraught period of political uncertainty for our country in a very long time.
The Northern Ireland economy has continued to grow in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
It is one of the world's oldest rowing competitions and one of Scotland's most famous rivalries.
Nationwide has reported a fall in the amount of money it lends to buy-to-let landlords after a "softening" in the mortgage market.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian military jet by Turkish forces in Syria last month has begun examining the cockpit voice recorder of the aircraft.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson as their overseas player for the 2016 T20 Blast season.
A six-year-old boy is in hospital after his foot was blistered when he stepped on a barbecue that had been dumped on a beach.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's campaign to keep the UK in the EU could push more of his party's voters into the hands of UKIP, a leading Eurosceptic MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Sepp Blatter may have been banned from football's world governing body Fifa after being found guilty of corruption and money-laundering, but the former head of world football's governing body has never been one to mince his words.
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida in memory of a boy who was killed by an alligator while visiting the resort last year.
Michael Gove has said he accepts Theresa May's decision to sack him from the cabinet was the "right thing to do" when she became prime minister.
Scotland should remain a "fully committed and active participant" in EU law enforcement agencies Europol and Eurojust, the country's top law officer has said.
A court in India has adjourned the trial of Bollywood star Salman Khan over a car crash in 2002 in which a bakery worker was killed.
Residents of a "garden city" housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved there because of poor broadband.
An Australian charity worker who helped seven men travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group has said he is "really, really sorry" for what he has done.
GPs in England should be given more time to spend with patients, the British Medical Association (BMA) has said.
The number of new craft distilleries opening in Scotland and England has hit a record high, according to a new report.
Wales could lose out on up to £50m a year in income from stamp duty if the Welsh Government's budget funding is cut, experts have warned.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has announced that the sunken Sewol ferry will be raised from the seabed to help the families of the victims.
The widow of a man who was shot dead by police after he tied up his children has told an inquest how she received a text from one of his children saying he was "going to kill himself".
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are in a three-way tie for the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in South Carolina.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
Parks in the UK are at a "tipping point" because of cuts to local authorities' budgets, a report by MPs has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a mark on social media in the past year after winning the general election with a landslide victory.
A book borrowed from a Herefordshire school more than 100 years ago has been returned to its former school after it was found to have a British Library stamp inside.
Hull City midfielder Lewis Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian prosecutor has launched an investigation into the case of a pregnant woman who died after two foetuses died when a gynaecologist refused to abort them.
Pop group Duran Duran are suing a fan club management company for unpaid fees, according to a court filing in the US.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" and "bored" as he beat American Sam Querrey in straight sets at the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a woman in a "horrific" attack in 2002.
Work has begun on a major upgrade to Scotland's largest container terminal, which is set to double its capacity.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being urged to get rid of a "thug" plant that is out-competing bluebells for bulbs.
The owner of Arsenal Football Club, Stan Kroenke, has removed content from a hunting TV channel after it was criticised for showing footage of trophy hunting.
A man who sent "inappropriate" messages to a 12-year-old girl after meeting her for the first time on Facebook has been jailed.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty while trying to rescue his dog off the coast of Kent has paid tribute to her father.
A life sentence given to a man who stabbed another man in the chest in a case of mistaken identity has been quashed by the Court of Appeal.
Former Aberdeen and Rangers midfielder Jim Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up following the departure of Mark McCall.
A team from the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has been sent to Northern Ireland to help with the resettlement of Syrian refugees.
A driving instructor has been jailed for causing the death of a 70-year-old woman by driving into on-coming traffic while taking part in a speed awareness course.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in three days to take the overall lead.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) are not confident about reporting hate crimes to the police, according to a charity.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit and killed by a car.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in Spain to give evidence in a fraud case against his former club, Barcelona, and his parents.
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers were sent out for the general election without the names of two candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams' "fitting" send-off after his World Cup final try.
It's not every day you get an interview with one of the world's most famous footballers, let alone one with Russell Brand.
Oil and gas firm Ineos is threatening to take legal action against the National Trust after it was refused permission to carry out a shale gas survey in the Sherwood Forest.
Eight men have been arrested in a series of raids on suspected drug dealers in the north west of England.
Manchester City have signed England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for a fee that could rise to £50m.
A racoon had to be rescued from the roof of a house by an animal rescue charity after escaping from a neighbouring property.
A dog has been stolen in a break-in at a pet shop in Flintshire.
A Rwandan man who called for the mass murder of Tutsi people during the country's 1994 genocide has been sentenced to life in prison by a court in the capital, Kigali.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying at UK universities if the UK votes to leave the European Union, a survey suggests.
An Australian father who allowed his 14-year-old daughter to marry a man without his permission has been jailed for five years.
The makers of the hit podcast Serial are set to turn it into a TV series.
The Scottish council tax is "unfair" and needs to be reformed, according to a cross-party commission set up to examine alternatives.
Hundreds of hens have been put up for rehoming by a charity which said it could not save them if they did not have a new home.
Hull FC have signed half-back Curtis Naughton from Super League side Hull FC on a one-year deal.
Human remains found in a lay-by have been identified as a man under the age of 50, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has confirmed he will not return to coaching, ending a 25-year career in the game.
A faulty gene linked to an increased risk of having a stroke and heart attack has been identified by scientists.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the killing of a police officer in what officials described as a terror attack.
Google has announced that it is to stop making Google Glass, the wearable technology it launched in 2013.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Armagh in the Republic of Ireland.
The African Union (AU) has passed a resolution calling on its member states to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus in a series of decrees.
One of Scotland's largest farming supplies companies has reported a rise in profits despite "challenging times" for the sector following the Brexit vote.
US President Donald Trump has said he will "have to see" whether special counsel Robert Mueller should step down from his investigation into alleged Russian interference in the US election.
The Isle of Wight father's decision not to pay a fine for taking his seven-year-old daughter on holiday during term time "caused a huge amount of confusion", a senior MP has said.
A woman has been shot in the head in Burundi's capital Bujumbura by a gunman who opened fire on the wife of opposition leader Pierre Rwasa, the opposition leader has said.
O2 and Vodafone are due to meet the government later to discuss plans to speed up the launch of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Premier League clubs could field B teams in the Football League as part of a shake-up of the English football pyramid.
The head of Scotland's largest Indian restaurant chain has accused the UK government of "total insanity" for restricting the number of non-EU chefs it allows into the country.
England captain Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they were beaten by France in their final World Cup warm-up game in Paris.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found it had an alcohol content that was more than three times higher than advertised.
Scottish boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering head injuries during a fight, his partner has said.
Daimler has said it will fix software in its Mercedes-Benz cars to allow them to pass new emissions tests as part of an investigation into possible manipulation of data.
UK scientists say they have found a new mix of cement that is much more effective at protecting nuclear waste from the environment.
Muckamore have clinched a place in the semi-finals of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup after a nine-wicket win over Pembroke on Sunday.
An amateur footballer has pleaded guilty to a charge of having an offensive weapon after allegedly threatening to cut the throat of Clacton Town fans with a corkscrew.
A group of writers are boycotting a PEN awards ceremony in the US in protest at the organisation's decision to give an award to French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
The amount the NHS spends on agency staff in England is falling, but it is still too high, the health regulator has said.
Up to 100 jobs are at risk at a glass factory in County Antrim, the Unite union has said.
Poundland, the UK's biggest discount retailer, has bought goods from Woolworths three times in the past five years.
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after the car they were travelling in crashed into a concrete barrier.
A woman has been charged with the attempted murder of a man in a flat in west Belfast.
It is an injection - but not as you know it.
The police ombudsman's office is to resume investigations into more than 100 historical complaints against the PSNI, it has been announced.
Police in Australia are investigating alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
High winds and heavy rain have brought disruption to parts of Wales on the final day of the festive season.
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river, killing four soldiers during a training exercise, the army has said.
Ricardo Garcia, the former US federal prosecutor who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup to Russia and Qatar, is a lawyer and former federal prosecutor.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys in their final game of the season in Galway.
Teenage racing driver Billy Beaumont was seriously injured when he crashed his car last year.
Sunderland band Pulled Apart By Horses are looking for a new home for their record shop, which has closed after more than three years in the city centre.
Luton Town have released five players after their play-off final defeat by Blackpool, but have offered new deals to goalkeeper Liam King and defenders Jack Potts and Kavan Cotter.
Algeria have confirmed they have agreed a deal to sign French striker Karim Benzia from Lille for an undisclosed fee.
England netball players will be paid to play in the Superleague from next season after the national team agreed new central contracts.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on 5 May to elect a new police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimics the ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise as a potential new treatment for ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of her buying a pizza on the night she disappeared.
It's been 23 years since pop-trance duo The KLF announced they were quitting the music industry.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after undergoing surgery following a crash during pre-season testing.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict Victorian building in Glasgow's harbour area.
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to be the next US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from going to China for further education, amid fears they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of playing in the top flight for the first time will be "frightening" and "exciting" for the club.
Scottish soldiers from Penicuik are to be sent to Afghanistan for the first time since the last British combat troops left the country last year.
Laura Pergolizzi, better known by her stage name LP, used to be a singer-songwriter for hire.
Sergio Aguero scored the only goal of the game as 10-man Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Chris Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years after sparring with former champion Scott Blackwell, who suffered a serious head injury in a sparring session.
The son of a Liverpool fan killed in the Hillsborough disaster tried to identify his mother from a Polaroid photograph after the tragedy, the inquests have heard.
A robot designed by an Edinburgh student is to feature at this year's XpoNorth, a two-day design and technology festival in the Highlands.
League Two side Cambridge United will host holders Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Manny Smith, Chris Hogan, Danny Smith and Michael Mafuta have all signed new contracts with National League North side Gateshead.
Manchester City defender Gael Clichy could make his first appearance of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Barrow manager Kevin Cox has left the National League club by mutual consent after less than two years in charge.
A beekeeper died after suffering an allergic reaction to a sting from a honey bee, a coroner has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to secure a dramatic 5-5 draw against Torquay United in the National League.
Mark Lawan was the father of Monica Lawan, one of more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram militants in April 2014 and his adopted daughter Sarah Samuel, also from Chibok, was also taken by the Islamist group.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would decriminalise some forms of domestic violence, including smacking children.
The UK government has been urged to apologise to the people of Kenya for alleged human rights abuses committed by British troops during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile in Australia's Northern Territory on a "top secret mission", officials have said.
South Africa umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering concussion during the first day of the match.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the company's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics, saying it was the "right decision".
Thousands of native crayfish are being re-introduced to Wales in a bid to reverse the decline of the native species.
Security staff evacuated people from the O2 Arena after a fire broke out at a McDonald's restaurant on the site of an Elvis Presley exhibition.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to receive a boost at the North American box office this weekend, following its success at the Oscars.
The US state of New York is to launch an investigation into why "inky water" appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last year.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings if they were to leave the club this summer.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics get under way in Norway on Friday, with more than 70 gold medals up for grabs.
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group in a row over the future of a former Kent airport.
Ofqual, the exams regulator, has been accused of failing to meet its own rules on the way GCSEs are graded, according to a report.
At least 12 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition backing Yemen's government in the south-western province of Hajja, officials and residents say.
The Nativity story of Jesus' birth is one of the most famous Christmas stories in the world, but this year's celebrations in Bethlehem have been overshadowed by the conflict in the Middle East.
Dyfed-Powys Police has been told it "requires improvement" in an annual inspection of police forces in England and Wales.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to his make-up artist at the Golden Globes, saying she is an "unbelievable talent".
An anonymous donor has paid for the treatment of a six-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia, his mother has said.
Eleven airlines, including Air France-KLM and Lufthansa, have lost their appeal against fines imposed by the European Commission for allegedly violating EU anti-trust rules.
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says his team-mates will not take their foot off the gas despite being assured of their Premier League safety.
Hundreds of thousands of people are being evacuated from besieged rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a UN-Russian deal to end the conflict in the city.
A year on from the historic thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba, the BBC's John Sudworth looks back at some of the key moments and events of 2015.
French Ligue 1 side Marseille have been bought by American billionaire Frank McCourt for an undisclosed sum, French media report.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured some stunning images of the Earth from space, showing cities such as London, Paris and Brussels lit up at night.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young children, one of whom has died and the other seriously ill, in a flat in the capital Kiev.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on loan until the end of the season.
Highways England is considering a southern bypass around Stonehenge as part of its plans to upgrade the A303 in Wiltshire, the BBC has learned.
When Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths was in charge of the Premiership champions in the autumn of 2010, he had a problem with captain Alex Borthwick.
A five-year-old baby was stabbed to death while his mother was gang-raped by security forces in Myanmar, the United Nations says.
Schools have been closed and homes have been left without water for up to five days after a water main burst.
Guernsey boss Gary Vance says his side's FA Cup tie against League Two side Plymouth Argyle was "a game we could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six nations" that it needs to root out, says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government has been urged to review its counter-terrorism strategy after the death of one of three British schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria.
Emmerdale fans are to be able to visit the soap's set for the first time, following the success of tours of Coronation Street.
A number of teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry called in sick on Friday.
As he sips a glass of wine at his vineyard on the outskirts of the Sicilian town of Messina, Cesare D'Aloisio is in the midst of a battle with the rural Mafia.
The BBC is experimenting with a way to control the BBC's iPlayer service using the power of your mind.
A new augmented reality experience for the HebCelt festival is to be launched later this year.
Northern Ireland's four-time Olympic track cycling medallist Lizzie Houvenaghel has retired from the sport after being forced to pull out of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Wimbledon's men's and women's singles matches will be played on Sunday - the middle Sunday of this year's tournament - because of bad weather.
Italian police have arrested 15 members of a volunteer firefighting team in Sicily for allegedly defrauding the fire service out of thousands of euros in order to start wildfires.
The number of sexual offences against children under 18 reported to police in England and Wales rose by 38% last year, the NSPCC has said.
The US was warned of a possible plot to smuggle explosives into the cabin of a US-bound airliner by a tip-off from an informant, US media report.
North Korea has claimed to have miniaturised its nuclear weapons to the size of a suitcase, South Korea's defence ministry has said.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time since the conflict there began in April, the Ukrainian military says.
Richard Keogh's first-half header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby Town in their first game back in the Championship.
An Arizona woman who was sentenced to death in 1990 for the murder of her four-year-old son has lost her bid for a retrial.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told it must improve after inspectors found a "lack of staff and resources to meet the need".
Huddersfield Town maintained their 100% start to the Championship season as Aaron Mooy's second-half strike saw off Leeds United at Elland Road.
A BBC journalist was subjected to "corruption and poor management" during her time at the corporation, a disciplinary tribunal has heard.
More than 80 homes were left without power after a large fire broke out at a house in Glasgow city centre.
The search for a group of climbers missing on Mount Rainier in the US state of Washington has been called off.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Dundee United eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Cup.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-Test series against Australia were dealt a blow as Australia snatched a dramatic late victory in Melbourne.
Cyrus Mistry, the former chairman of India's Tata Sons, has launched a blistering attack on the Tata Group, accusing the board of "unfair and unjust" treatment.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert are "scared" and "afraid" as they prepare to play at the ATP World Tour Finals in London following the Paris attacks.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football League for staging a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in 2014.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has been told by manager Jose Mourinho to "listen to me" after reports linking him with a move away from Old Trafford.
Former Arkansas governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has announced he will run for the White House in 2016, eight years after he failed to win the Republican nomination.
Juan Mata scored and set up another goal as Chelsea beat Sunderland to record their first Premier League win at the Stadium of Light this season.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the "sure capability" to attack the US in the Pacific, after it successfully tested a new ballistic missile, state media report.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered announced plans to raise up to $5bn (Â£3.5bn) in a share sale and cut 15,000 jobs.
An elderly man charged with murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died days after being released on bail.
The number of Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans - one of the world's largest mangrove swamps - has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus is set to miss the rest of the season after fracturing a metatarsal bone in his first start for the club in Saturday's 1-1 draw at Vitality Stadium.
Five of the six board members of Sport NI have resigned after a meeting at Stormont on Monday.
A piece of malware that infects thousands of home routers and other smart devices is helping to keep them safer from cyber-attack, according to a security firm.
The scene outside the Zentralstadion in Leipzig was one of the most violent in the history of the Bundesliga.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for several hours following a crash.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned, days after his meeting with US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the battle for Mosul.
Lee Novak's late equaliser rescued a point for Charlton as they came from behind to draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the club.
Footage has been released of a turtle being filmed on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia.
Kyle Wootton's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for Scunthorpe United as they held Port Vale to a draw.
Mark Revell and Ryan Varney scored their first goals of the season as Ipswich beat MK Dons to end the Dons' League One play-off hopes.
Former Fifa world player of the year George Weah has been re-elected to Liberia's senate in an election overshadowed by the Ebola crisis.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost to Bernd Wiesberger in a sudden-death shoot-out at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
Women's Super League One side Coventry City Ladies have signed Netherlands defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating on one-year deals, subject to international clearance.
Bonfires have been set up on pallets in a car park in Belfast city centre in a dispute over the storage of bonfire material.
A new dictionary of Roald Dahl's words has been published, featuring more than 1,000 of the author's own creations.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he is "delighted" TVR is to build its new sports car in Ebbw Vale, south Wales.
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix as "one of the worst" of his career as he fought back from 10th place to finish sixth.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with Royal Mail and RBS leading the way after the regulator Ofcom said it would not impose any new price controls on the company.
Portadown have been given a one-match ban for failing to tell the Irish Football Association that David Garrett was eligible to play in Saturday's Premiership game against Ards.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former treasurer at the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £20,000.
Astronomers say they have seen more than twice as many "monster" stars in the Milky Way as previously thought.
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico stadium for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about striker Mario Balotelli.
Goals from Oscar Threlkeld and Craig Tanner gave League Two leaders Plymouth victory over Crawley at Home Park.
US media giant Discovery Communications has agreed to buy Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£10.4bn) in a deal that would create the world's largest owner of TV channels.
QPR have denied reports that Steven Caulker suffered a head injury during a Sunday lunch with the club's players.
US singer Barbra Streisand has said she has been granted permission to change the pronunciation of her name on Apple's Siri virtual assistant.
Riot police in Egypt have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the eastern Cairo suburb of Rehab after a man was shot dead by a policeman.
A drug company run by the man dubbed the "most hated man in America" for raising the price of a drug by 5,000% has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver was forced to make an emergency landing at Glasgow Prestwick Airport after a "slight smell of burning on board", the airline has said.
The health of children's teeth in Wales is still lagging behind those in England and Northern Ireland, according to the latest Welsh Government survey.
The strong performance of Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors has been boosted by a weaker pound, according to the Ulster Bank.
Plans for a £1bn redevelopment of Manchester city centre, backed by former footballers Gary Neville and Phil Neville, have been revised.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a car in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders boss Jim Callaghan as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man who shook a three-month-old baby so hard he suffered a "catastrophic" brain injury has been jailed for eight years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open.
Police investigating the disappearance of a schoolgirl in Leicestershire have said they are treating her disappearance as murder.
Dagenham & Redbridge's National League play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 3-0 at Chester.
Boreham Wood has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club after his release by Plymouth Argyle.
There is a "serious democratic deficit" in the number of people voting in England's local elections, according to the Electoral Commission.
Cardiff Blues have signed Wales Under-20 full-back Matthew Morgan from Bristol on a two-year deal.
Crawley Town's Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch has "no interest" in a move to West Bromwich Albion, says Potters boss Mark Hughes.
A Andy Warhol portrait of Mao Zedong, one of the artist's most famous works, is to be auctioned in Hong Kong next month.
Former footballer Sir Alex Ferguson's plans to build a mock-Tudor flower house on moorland have been approved by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to reprise his role as a mermaid in a remake of the 1999 Oscar-nominated film The mermaid story, according to reports.
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of aviator Amy Johnson.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said the government could "reset" its fiscal policy in the Autumn Statement next month if the economy needs a "kick start".
The organisers of the Durham version of a world-renowned light festival are to stage a similar event in London next year.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in their second game at the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
The Supreme Court is to rule on whether parents can be fined for taking their children on term-time holidays, after a council lost a previous legal battle over the issue.
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said they have "not left her side and are sleeping with her".
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery and devotion to duty during an attack on an Afghan outpost in 2009.
Work permits for agricultural workers and a five-year freeze on unskilled migrants would be introduced as part of a plan to reduce immigration to the UK after Brexit, a report says.
A group of Crystal Palace football fans have been arrested on suspicion of starting a fire at a London Tube station ahead of the FA Cup final.
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as Great Britain retained their team title.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said he is "absolutely comfortable" with the Bank's decision to cut interest rates and pump billions of pounds into the economy after the Brexit vote.
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzy Yarnold is the first British athlete to win two gold medals at the Winter Games, but Britain's dominance of the sport is far from a one-off.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday when she takes on Mexico's Jose Salazar in a super-featherweight bout.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Heath won his second gold medal of the World Canoe Slalom Championships with victory in the K2 200m.
Isle of Man's Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Under-21 Championship for the first time in their history.
The final SS Great Britain ship to be built at a dockyard in the UK is set to leave the city where it was built.
Too many older people are being "institutionalised" in care homes where their "personal identity and individuality rapidly diminishes", a report has said.
The government is to double or even quadruple the discounts available to social housing tenants who buy their own homes, the BBC understands.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than a third in the past five years, official figures show.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in South Lanarkshire.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Belgium Under-21 midfielder Emmanuel Acheampong on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest caretaker boss Gary Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in their search for a new manager.
A charity in Australia has asked the public to help save the lives of animals that have been injured in bushfires.
Babies with a cleft palate are being missed at birth because of a lack of early diagnosis, the Royal College of Surgeons says.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over cuts to their pay have been sacked just days before Christmas, the BBC understands.
York City have re-signed striker Chris Parkin on loan from National League rivals Macclesfield Town until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out plans to expand bus services in England and bring railways back into public ownership as he launched his re-election bid for the Labour leadership.
There is no need for a "one-size-fits-all" approach to dieting, with many diets offering similar weight loss benefits, a study of more than 7,000 overweight people suggests.
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death when three metal frames fell on her.
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane says Super League should be "patted on the back" after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the 2017 World Club Challenge.
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could be tracked in real-time by satellites for the first time, the UN has agreed.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in skins from captive tigers, according to officials and participants at a meeting on illegal wildlife trade.
The UK economy is "taking Brexit in its stride" but faces "challenging challenges" in 2017 and 2018, according to a new report.
A Flintshire man has admitted making threats to kill himself and police officers by shooting them on the Dee Estuary in Flintshire.
Inverness-Amsterdam flights have been extended for the first time to allow passengers to spend a full day in the Netherlands.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of second-half tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to stun Pro12 leaders Leinster in a pulsating encounter at Scotstoun.
A consultation on the location of a UK spaceport in Snowdonia has been launched by the UK government.
Arcade Fire have brought the Glastonbury Festival to a close with a rousing performance in the midst of a thunderstorm that forced the cancellation of Rudimental and Rudimental.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced that the 2017 Women's World Twenty20 will take place in June and July.
The number of people killed in Nigeria's Boko Haram Islamist insurgency has risen to at least 40 after a convoy carrying staff abducted by the group was ambushed in the north-eastern city of Maiduguri, officials say.
Irish actor Michael Lally, who was best known for his role as Miley Byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe, has died at the age of 60.
Middlesex opener Sam Robson hit his highest first-class score to help his side build a big first-innings total against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
One of the world's most important coral reefs has suffered its worst coral bleaching in at least 40 years, according to scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after Cyprus struck a deal with its creditors to secure a 10bn-euro ($13bn; Â£8.5bn) bailout.
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest to raise money for charity.
Volunteers have threatened to move out of a church hall in Gwynedd because of a rise in the cost of renting it.
Tributes have been paid to three members of the same family who were killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils in Wales need more challenging science lessons, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
Muslims in the US have offered to stand guard at Jewish cemeteries and synagogues in the wake of recent bomb threats and vandalism.
Two brothers who carried out a "sustained, frenzied attack" on a drug dealer in a bid to rob him of a gold bracelet have been jailed for life.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows in Manchester and Denmark this week.
Brentford have confirmed that manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season.
A former aide to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably one of the people who should have pulled the emergency alarm" over alleged financial irregularities in his 2012 election campaign.
US President Barack Obama has become the first sitting US president to visit Cuba since 1959.
A fire on board a Wightlink ferry was caused by an air conditioning unit, it has emerged.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to cover up the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Deodorant firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for its black and white range of products was widely condemned as racist.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter, who missed the chance to move into the top seven.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 for the 2016-17 season.
Scientists in the UK are trying to map the behaviour of the world's tectonic plates from space.
Here is the full text of David Cameron's statement on becoming prime minister after the Conservatives won the general election.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in a rain-affected match in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series and set up a decider against the hosts in Sunday's final one-day international.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has been accused by the leader of his party's assembly group of being a "part-time AM" for not resigning from his role as an MEP.
An Easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam after the pilot reported a "burning chemical smell" in the cabin.
Up to 300,000 new apprenticeships should be created each year in England to tackle a "patchwork" vocational education system, a report says.
Plans to build a £50m hydro-electric scheme in Snowdonia have been withdrawn.
A gang of heroin dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of the "highly addictive evil drug" have been jailed for more than 10 years.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri is in a critical condition after suffering severe brain damage during a pre-season friendly match in Germany on Saturday, the Dutch club say.
It is 73 years since Sir William Ewart Gladstone, the founder of the welfare state, gave his first speech on the subject.
Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A, saying it makes the game "like water polo".
A financial services firm has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs in Worcestershire.
David Cameron "deserves to find a role commensurate with his talents" but should not be the next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud's Kimberley Walsh and Les Miserables star Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at this summer's Olympics.
Russian fans of Western pop culture have become increasingly active on Twitter, despite the political tensions between Russia and the West.
Neil Lennon's appointment as Hibernian's new manager was a no-brainer.
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has joined Turkish side Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
More than 10,000 people will be heading to the polls in West Lothian and Livingston on Thursday to vote in the general election.
The Home Office has been urged to spell out more clearly where it draws the line over "equipment interference" by MPs, amid concerns about children's toys and "smart toys".
Myanmar's government has signed a collective ceasefire deal with more than 30 armed groups, including some of the country's largest rebel groups.
Venezuela's military says it has shot down two unauthorised planes in the air in the past 24 hours.
Mental health services for new mothers and their babies are to receive a £1.5m boost, the Welsh government has announced.
One of China's biggest technology companies has reached a deal with the US government to settle charges that it violated export controls.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose last year for the first time in three years, according to the UN's latest report on the issue.
A man who stabbed his wife to death in a "stabbing frenzy" after discovering he was the father of their two children has admitted killing her.
France will keep troops in Mali for as long as it takes to fight Islamist militants, the French defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing China's alleged cybercrimes.
Schools in Warwickshire have been forced to close after heavy rain caused flooding across the county.
A swan has been rescued by the RSPCA after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in Bristol.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of choosing a "UKIP-style version of Brexit" which will cause "real damage" to the NHS.
Celtic moved three points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Shearer, the British actor best known for voicing the voices of Homer Simpson and Ned Flanders in The Simpsons, has turned down a new contract with the hit US sitcom.
Plans to scrap student grants for nurses in England have been criticised by the Royal College of Nursing and other health workers.
An Australian court has overturned the approval of a giant coal mine proposed by Indian company Adani, after the discovery of two rare reptiles that live in the area.
Four-time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards-Ross says she has been "healed" by the support she has received after revealing she had an abortion before the 2008 Games.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be separated from negotiations on a free trade deal with the EU.
The Scottish Labour Party will be holding its spring conference in Aberdeen later this month.
British actors should be encouraged to stay in the UK rather than move to the US because of a lack of opportunities in the country, actress Tonia Jumbo has said.
The government's plans for more selective schools in England may not improve educational standards for the poorest pupils, say researchers.
Wales and Cardiff Blues scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he is "not made out of glass" by the injury problems that have plagued his career.
Ten years ago I was working for the BBC’s Ten O’Clock News when I was asked to report on the launch of the iPhone at the Moscone Centre in San Francisco.
A new £100m science and technology complex in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed ex-Essex and Leeds Rhinos coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Women's Super League season.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford from Stoke City on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in more than 50 years in May, official figures have shown, reversing the previous month's negative rate.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she will not "stifle debate" on cutting the top rate of tax for the rich.
Former British champion Hannah Graddon has retired from diving, four years after missing out on an Olympic place at Beijing 2008.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in the US state of California, officials say.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing websites, has gone back online.
Previews and team news for all of the weekend's Premier League games.
The world will "almost certainly" breach its target of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to new research.
RSPCA Cymru has reported a rise in the number of convictions for animal welfare offences in 2013.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and took her benefits for several months after she was found dead has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Stephen Mulgrew says Ards will be looking to bounce back from their heavy defeat by Cliftronville when the two sides meet at Bangor on Tuesday night.
What do we know for sure about the health of the world's banks?
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram says he wants to "earn a good living and play the game that he enjoys" after signing a new deal with the county.
Lewis Hamilton will start from pole position at the Australian Grand Prix from the back of the grid after Formula 1's controversial new qualifying format failed to materialise.
A Fifa official banned from football for two years over his role in the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has had his ban reduced to two years.
An investigation has been launched after the body of an elderly man was found inside a burnt-out house in Inverness.
A collection of photographs taken by a photographer during the 1970s anti-racism campaign by the Rock Against Racism movement have gone on display in Leeds.
Sunderland's new signing Michael Vaughan says the Championship side need to be mentally tough if they are to succeed this season.
Donald Trump's decision to pull the US out of the Paris climate agreement was a blow to Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after losing to Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Copa del Rey.
Boris Johnson has urged rival Eurosceptics to "hold their fire" and not get "wrapped up in tiny issues" over who should lead the campaign to leave the European Union.
A group of imams in Mauritania has called for the death penalty to be imposed on a blogger who has been sentenced to death for "insulting the Prophet Muhammad".
A Dundee company has admitted health and safety breaches following the death of a man who died after inhaling toxic fumes from an industrial paint stripper tank.
The first of the Royal Navy's new Astute class of submarines has been launched at a ceremony in Cumbria.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says he hopes manager Chris Coleman will sign a new contract with the national team.
Security experts say they have found flaws in a global tracking system that could allow criminals and intelligence agencies to spy on assets around the world.
Actress Joan Collins, who was made a dame in the Queen's New Year's Honours list, has said she would never take an honour from the monarch.
A nest of Egyptian geese has been found inside a bird box at a nature reserve after goslings were spotted in the nest.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Burnley in a bid to secure a place at Euro 2016.
Rory Burns hit the second-highest score of his career as Surrey and Hampshire played out a thrilling draw in their Division One match at The Oval.
One of the UK's largest care home operators is expected to announce a major restructuring on Wednesday, with the loss of thousands of jobs.
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in England being treated within 62 days of being referred to a specialist has fallen for the first time, figures show.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals could lose their habitats if global temperatures rise more than 4 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the 12 months to the end of August, with more than 40 million passengers travelling to and from the airport.
An ex-cabinet member and former economy chief councillor have been accused of misconduct over the sale of council property, a report has found.
The Football Association and Premier League clubs have agreed to donate £250,000 to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire to be raised at the Community Shield.
At least 248 people have been killed in air strikes on rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo in the past week, a monitoring group says.
A hospital trust has gone on trial accused of breaching health and safety regulations after a patient was impaled on a metal post in a lifting hoist.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has called for religious education to be included in the English Baccalaureate, in a sermon at Easter Sunday service.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry that was started accidentally, the fire service has said.
Oxfordshire could become the first county in England to have an elected mayor to run all its local services, under plans being considered by the county council.
Barnsley have signed defender Angus MacDonald from Torquay United on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Co-operative Group has warned that it is unlikely to declare any dividends for the next three years.
The US Navy is taking part in its largest ever anti-submarine warfare exercise off the coast of the UK.
A US rocket has exploded shortly after launching from a launch pad in the US state of Virginia, destroying a spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station.
A woman accused of making a "firing sign" at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine during a road rage incident has appeared in court.
Scientists have reconstructed for the first time how the Chicxulub Crater formed when an asteroid smashed into the Earth.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a party last month.
J McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World League 3 in Belfast.
The number of seahorses in Bristol Bay has plummeted in recent years, according to the Seahorse Trust.
One of India's best-known sculptors, Bipin Chand, who created a rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh using rubble from the city's old buildings, has died at the age of 89.
British Cycling boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying at the sport's governing body.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion for the NHS in Northern Ireland, which include a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved in cases where a mental health assessment is required.
When the hand of God strikes, nudging a major GCSE exam into the path of an England World Cup match, it can be a teachers' worst nightmare.
Zinedine Zidane has been given the go-ahead to take charge of a Spanish third-tier club for the first time.
A new road in Taunton has opened after more than a year of delays caused by a dispute over the cost of the project.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
Police Scotland has said it remains committed to closing control rooms in the Central Belt as part of a reorganisation of the force's call centres.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play at the 2018 World Cup in Russia after his side were knocked out of the Euro 2016 play-offs.
Burundi's public prosecutor's office says it has arrested a number of people in connection with the killing of a senior army general last week.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress for the fifth year in a row, according to Forbes' annual list of the highest paid actresses.
Thousands of people affected by the Nepal earthquake have blocked roads in remote villages in protest at a lack of aid, saying they fear they will starve to death.
Cuba has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "old and hostile rhetoric" in response to his policy change on the island.
David Tennant has revealed that he almost wrote a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" newspaper headline for his latest stage role.
The US Secret Service, the agency that protects US President Barack Obama, needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it protects the White House, according to a government review.
Gibraltar is in talks with Scotland and Northern Ireland about the possibility of sharing sovereignty with them after the UK leaves the European Union, the territory's top minister has said.
Aslef, the union representing Arriva Trains Wales drivers, has announced a repeat of a strike it staged in January.
Paraguay's President Horacio Rodríguez de Kirchner has announced he will not run for re-election next year.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time in two years on Tuesday.
Islamic State (IS) militants have been driven out of the northern Syrian town of al-Rai after a fierce battle with rebels, activists say.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan won his 10th World Championship title with a 10-1 victory over Barry Hawkins at the Crucible.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the 2015 assembly election.
A charity is launching an awareness campaign to help people identify stalking behaviour before ex-partners become violent.
China and India are set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Every bank and post office worker in England and Wales is to be trained in how to spot when a customer is being conned out of money.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in London where the Labour Party is hoping to make gains in the general election.
Five Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in their home town of Ospreylian for the second time this week.
Passengers at Belfast International Airport were stuck on planes for hours on Tuesday night due to bad weather conditions at the airport.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee, understood to be in the region of £25m.
You might not associate academic analysis with raucous outdoor performances or atmospheric indoor shows under candlelight.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of expanding the Liberty Stadium.
Former Manchester United and QPR defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association following Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of leading his side to their first Pro12 title since winning the title with Glasgow Warriors in 2013.
The families of some of the victims of Bloody Sunday have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier on suspicion of murder.
A stowaway who tried to smuggle himself into the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on a flight from Shanghai to Dubai said he did it because he heard beggars in the city could make a fortune, Chinese media report.
Downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would be a "huge risk" for the BBC, the corporation's director general has said.
A new waste-fired power station is to be built on the site of the Ferrybridge 'B' power station, it has been announced.
As Britain marks the 90th anniversary of the end of World War Two, the BBC is marking the contribution of black West Indian servicemen and women to the war effort.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it was a "great shame" that Great Britain's women's football team were not allowed to compete at the 2016 Olympics.
A project to boost the numbers of one of the UK's rarest birds of prey has been hailed as a success.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to the resignation of Johann Lamont as leader of the party in Scotland.
Shares in ARM Holdings have jumped by more than 45% after Japan's Softbank said it would buy the UK chipmaker for £18.5bn.
Edinburgh City secured a place in the Scottish League Two play-offs with a 4-2 win over Cove Rangers in the second leg of their play-off semi-final.
The government should hold off raising the state pension age until it has worked out how to support the one in eight workers who are too ill to work before reaching the age of 65, the TUC has said.
An NHS trust has said it is "vigilant" about fire safety after an investigation found "potential issues" with a hospital's infrastructure.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has released a new set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have had their personal data stolen in a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man to mark the 70th anniversary of the work of a World War Two internment camp worker.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the house where the toddler was found dead after he was allegedly strangled by a young boy.
Hospitals in England are expected to overspend the NHS by more than £3bn this year, according to the latest official figures.
David Cameron's EU reform deal could lead to a "surge" in the number of migrants coming to the UK, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to cycling, according to six-time Tour de France winner Greg LeMond.
Malaysia has strongly denied allegations that billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund linked to the prime minister.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State was asked to intervene in a row over the use of the word 'Derry' in official letters in 1986, a Stormont file has revealed.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to the top of the North American box office chart, taking more than $100m (Â£77m) in its opening weekend.
Microsoft has revealed that its next Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio, will be more powerful than the PS4 Pro and the Xbox One S.
A UKIP election candidate has resigned from his seat after posting on Facebook about US President Barack Obama and Adolf Eichmann.
One of the biggest children's books of the year is The Roald Dahl Book of the Year.
Pret A Manger has said it will pay all teenagers who take part in an unpaid work experience week.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has told the National League club's new owners they have "technically saved" the club.
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut short story Disappearances, beating Hilary Mantel, Claire Bennett and Claire Greenlaw to the title.
The Egyptian authorities have launched an investigation into the recent shark attacks off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh in the Red Sea.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh in support of those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
Hundreds of farmers have taken part in a rally outside Holyrood.
Alastair Cook has been the subject of a lot of criticism over the past few months.
The former head of the UK Army in Afghanistan has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" after recent attacks by the insurgents.
What do you do if you are struck by lightning?
Lotus has been given more time to complete its takeover by Renault after HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) was granted an adjournment in its winding-up petition.
Northamptonshire and Sussex were forced to settle for a draw after rain washed out the final day of their Division Two match at Hove.
Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin says Wayne Bennett's appointment as England head coach is a "great move" for the national team.
Chelsea made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 6-1 victory over Yeovil Town, while Sunderland were held to a 1-1 draw by Arsenal.
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a boy at a children's home in the 1960s and 1970s, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in Africa last year has said she wants to help free a man who has been falsely accused of involvement in the crime.
It was 30 years ago this week that Fijian rugby union legend Viliame Matavesi was working as a tin miner in South Crofty, Cornwall, when he first came to the UK.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in Kilmarnock.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with preparing acts of terrorism.
Bookmakers have been accused of putting pressure on staff working in high street betting shops to encourage people to gamble on fixed-odds betting machines.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City and Aldershot Town midfielder Joe Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched as part of the counter-terrorism investigation into the Westminster attack, police have said.
The attack on the shrine of Ayutthaya in the Thai capital, Bangkok, has been described by the prime minister as the "worst ever attack on Thailand".
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually assaulting two women he offered a lift home in his patrol car.
Boris Johnson has been accused of breaking the law by giving his wife a lift on the back of his bike.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a rise in the number of cases of men being tricked into performing sex acts online and then blackmailed into paying money.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been back on BBC Radio 4's Today programme to do a bit more explaining about the state of the UK's finances.
A rare sea turtle that was found "comatose" on a beach in Gwynedd has been moved to a larger tank at an Anglesey zoo.
Walsall's Erhun Oztumer scored twice to help his side to victory at Swindon in League One.
Cameras in three Denbighshire towns are to be moved to Cheshire in a bid to cut crime and disorder.
South Sudan and Malawi were both knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifiers on Saturday as Madagascar and Mauritius booked their places in the next round.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country's policy towards the "arrogant" US.
A dean at the University of Pennsylvania has resigned in protest at a new Texas law that allows universities to ban guns on campus.
UKIP leadership contender Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot in the contest to succeed Nigel Farage.
League One side Walsall have signed midfielder Jonny Williams from Crewe Alexandra for an undisclosed fee on a two-year contract.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher who downloaded more than 1,000 indecent images of children has been found unfit to teach.
A firearms licence was revoked after a man liked "highly offensive" posts on Facebook about the Muslim faith, a court has heard.
Armenian weightlifter Armen Vardanian has been provisionally suspended for two years after failing a retest for a banned steroid at the London 2012 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a soldier who became obsessed with her have told of the moment they found out their daughter had been killed.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative leader in the House of Lords, is to step down after 14 years in the role.
A County Tyrone sandwich maker has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The chief executive of Japan's biggest advertising agency, Dentsu, has said he will step down following the death of a worker who took her own life because of overwork.
A man killed his wife by dousing her in white spirit and setting her on fire before going for a walk with the family dog, a court has heard.
At least five people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on an Afghan army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation on the location of the UK's next nuclear waste dump has been held in the Scottish Borders.
The chairman of Google, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate over the company's tax arrangements in the UK.
Mozambique, which won independence from Portugal in 1975 after decades of civil war, is one of Africa's fastest-growing economies and one of the world's largest democracies.
A Robin Hood re-enactor is getting married to his Maid Marian five years after they first met at a banquet in Nottingham.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Southend United, thanks to a second-half strike from James Main.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of one of the country's most important agricultural businesses to foreign investors.
Bradford City and Shrewsbury fought back from a goal down to earn a draw in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in the Amazon rainforest in Guyana on the final day of his tour of the Caribbean.
A man in his 20s has been shot in the leg in north Belfast.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines, the Ampatuan clan, has begun in the capital, Manila.
I am a bit baffled, to say the least.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay deal in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the Aslef union has said.
The former chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 90.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis as cover for injured duo Neil Alexander and Lee Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration for the second time in less than a year.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
A total of 332 acres of land has been burnt by wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month.
First Minister Theresa May has been named as the UK's most influential woman by the BBC's Women's Hour power list.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Jimmy White are through to the quarter-finals of the Scottish Open as John Higgins and Stephen Maguire also reached the last 16.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be able to make a difference to the world after losing his mother, Princess Diana.
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers in London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the US that was imposed in a patent dispute with Apple.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Newcastle Knights hooker Tyler Walker on a one-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has bought a 10% stake in Twitter in a deal worth $2bn (Â£1.8bn).
More than half of UK sportswomen do not report sexism to UK Sport, according to a survey carried out by BBC Sport.
The owner of a collection of Dr Who props has put them up for auction in a bid to raise money for charity.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against the Scottish football club over its former merchandise deal with Sports Direct.
A former member of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal on the past.
About 17 people had to be rescued from a fire at a block of flats in West Lothian after a blaze broke out on the third floor.
Ethiopian Airlines has become the first airline to fly the revamped Boeing 787 Dreamliner, which has been grounded since January.
US TV series Homeland has been criticised for its depiction of the Middle East after a group of graffiti artists used the show's Arabic script to criticise it.
Sprinter Sacre, the Champion Chase winner at the 2013 Cheltenham Festival, has been put down.
The British Airline Pilots' Association has said it will appeal against a judge's decision to allow prosecutors to access the cockpit voice recorder from a Super Puma helicopter crash.
As the Conservatives prepare for their party conference in Manchester this weekend, the party's MPs in the North East will be watching to see what solution a party with such a small power base in the region comes up with for the region's particular concerns about any new UK settlement.
Police are investigating whether a batch of heroin could be linked to the deaths of two people and a number of medical emergencies in south Wales.
Domino's Pizza Enterprises, the Australian owner of the Domino's pizza brand, has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create a joint venture.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was stabbed to death at a pub in Gwynedd.
A man has been charged with raping a boy in Cumbria.
A former vice-president of the Venezuelan Football Federation has pleaded guilty in a US court in connection with the Fifa corruption scandal.
It's been an eventful week in the US presidential election campaign.
Three women who had relationships with undercover police officers have told MPs they were left "devastated" and "shocked" by their experiences.
A Londoner who faked his own death in Syria to cover his tracks and then tried to return to the UK undetected has been found guilty of terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man whose body was found in a tunnel.
The Conservative Party conference is being held in secret this week.
MPs have voted that the Football Association should change the way it is run, and they want more women and people from ethnic minorities to have a say in how the organisation is run.
This is Theresa May's first general election manifesto since becoming prime minister.
Bangladesh beat England for the first time in their history to win the second Test in Chittagong and take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is already having an impact on Europe.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire because of a head injury.
Former professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes, one of the biggest names in the sport's history, has died at the age of 74.
The UK is the biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union.
GPs in England are being offered thousands of pounds in incentives to cut the number of patients being sent to hospital, an investigation has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Jeremy Clarkson's Top Gear co-hosts Richard Hammond and James May could quit the show, according to BBC director general Tony Yentob.
Bristol's multi-million pound public transport scheme has been left without a commercial operator for the first time, the BBC has learned.
Paralympic gold medallist David Davies has broken his own world record in the shot put with a throw of 16.13m at the Phoenix Grand Prix.
It all started with a sharp corner at the end of the first lap of the Olympic road race.
When Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura moved to Rwanda in 2011, he had no idea what he was going to do with his life.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Ryan Baxter after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) was launched in September 2012, in a bid to encourage banks to lend more money to businesses.
A Canadian woman who bought a C$1m (Â£700,000; $1.1m) lottery ticket for her husband only to find out she had won C$2.5m ($1.6m; Â£1.4m) has been awarded C
Two legal challenges to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland have been rejected by the High Court in Belfast.
A ram has been chosen to replace Lance Corporal Derby, the army's most famous mascot, who died in November.
Forest Green Rovers moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Halifax thanks to goals from Jordan Parkin and Josh Frear.
A man has been charged with possessing a knife and an axe after being arrested in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh has won the Tour of Britain for the first time with victory on the final stage of the Volta a Catalunya.
Eilish McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator" as she bids to secure a place in the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics.
Edinburgh prop Alasdair Dickinson says his side must win all their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of making the European Champions Cup play-offs.
Priti Patel is the brother-in-law of a man who carried out one of the worst terrorist attacks in British history.
From nightclubs to sports grounds to television studios, it seems almost everyone's had a dip at doing the dab.
ScottishPower is launching a new way of buying energy that will allow customers to buy packages of gas and electricity by the day, and up to 180 days ahead of time.
US Senator John McCain has visited Syria for the first time in more than a year, his spokesman has confirmed to the BBC.
British number one Johanna Konta has beaten world number two Simona Halep 6-4 6-2 in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died after a six-month battle with cancer.
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is to be the headline act at this year's Corby Book Festival, it has been announced.
Families in the Highlands are being asked to help tackle underage drinking in a new campaign.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern city of Mosul have been hampered by bad weather, military officials say, as they continue to advance towards the centre of the city.
China's government has called for a radical change in the way it develops the country's economy, saying it must reduce its reliance on fossil fuels and pollution.
A cat called Pietro has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake-hit Italian city of Bologna.
European press reaction to the French and Greek elections has been largely positive, with many commentators saying they have opened the way for a reorientation of Europe.
A search is under way for the remains of King Henry I, who is thought to have been buried at a medieval abbey in Berkshire.
Former Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with a lifetime achievement award at the Bafta Wales Film Awards.
Mexico's Football Federation (FMF) has been warned by Fifa that it could be fined for homophobic chanting by some of its fans.
The war in Syria has left the country's antiquities in tatters.
Mae grŵp wedi ymgymryd â chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid yn Sir Benfro
Roger Federer says he would be "happy" to play Rafael Nadal at the US Open, which gets under way on Monday.
US private equity firm KKR has increased its bid for Australia's TWE Group, the world's biggest winemaker of wine, with a new offer worth more than AU$5bn (Â£3bn).
Stuart O'Flynn's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Crusaders against 10-man Coleraine at the Brandywell.
A Norwegian team of scientists says they have found evidence that a famous painting of The Scream could have been inspired by a very rare type of cloud formation.
The BBC Citizens Advice Bureau is asking the public to tell us what they think about cold calling.
British driver Max Chilton said he thought of former Marussia team-mate Max Bianchi "every five or 10 laps" as he won Sunday's Indy Lights race in the wake of his death.
Dementia researchers are using a mobile game to study how people with the condition play it.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty".
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest against Sports Direct's use of zero-hour contracts, calling for an end to "Victorian working practices".
Hospitals and GP surgeries in areas with high or extremely high rates of HIV should offer HIV tests on admission to hospital in Lambeth, according to new guidance.
"A punt, a punt, a punt."
More than 10% of lorry and van drivers working in the transport industry tested positive for illegal drugs last year, a BBC investigation has found.
It's been a year and a half since al-Wair, the last remaining rebel-held area outside the Syrian city of Homs, fell to the Syrian government.
Mashkel is one of the most remote and remote towns in Pakistan's Balochistan province, and the epicentre of Tuesday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake.
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 Shia Muslims accused of spying for Iran.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Liam Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first Briton to paddle the length of the longest river in the world on a paddle board.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned amid allegations of sexual harassment, in a blow to Prime Minister Julia Gillard.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in the number of tourists visiting the city from around the world.
TomSka is one of YouTube's most popular vloggers and, like many of his peers, he's made millions of pounds from his videos.
One third of Redrow's landbank is being held back by the planning system, the company's chief executive has said.
England full-back Kevin Hall says his side must not dwell on Saturday's defeat by Samoa and focus on next week's World Cup semi-final against Australia.
Laura Robson was on holiday in Italy last week when she received an email telling her she had been awarded a wildcard into the main draw of the US Open.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice after a man was arrested on suspicion of rape.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the vacant head coach's job in the West Indies, BBC Sport understands.
Plans for a National Civil War History Centre in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Germany Under-19 international Alex Pritchard on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's British indoor 5,000m record is expected to be confirmed as official, British Athletics have confirmed.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret detention centre during the country's military rule.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to retain the Ashes despite their first Test victory in Cardiff.
Plans to turn a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre into flats have been given the go-ahead.
More than 200 new minerals and mineral-like compounds have been created by humans in the last few thousand years, according to scientists.
A 17-year-old Malaysian boy has had surgery to remove a foetus that had been living inside his stomach for more than a decade, reports say.
Scotland will have 13 athletes at this summer's World Championships in London, the highest number of Scots at a major championships since 1983.
Pupils at a school in Lancashire have been told they will be able to return to class on Monday after a "credible threat" was made online, police have said.
Australian police are investigating seven Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq.
Mark Stoneman scored his first Championship century of the season but it was not enough to save Warwickshire as they beat Durham by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a "relatively small" impact on the UK economy, according to a report by the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's presence on England's tour of England this summer will be a huge boost for the Ashes campaign.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to pay compensation to retired firefighters and police officers affected by a pensions error.
Scientists at the University of York have described how lung cancer cells break free from their moorings and move around freely.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the French Open third round and set up a meeting with world number one Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the two countries.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Bristol City at Kenilworth Road.
Oculus, the company behind the Oculus Rift headset, has announced that it will be launching a new product in the UK later this year.
What would happen if Qatar, the richest country in the world, were to lose its access to clean water?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Italy and France as part of a trade mission aimed at re-establishing economic ties with both countries.
EastEnders fans have been given their first glimpse of the Taylors, a "noisy and brash" family set to move into Walford.
If you're a farmer, you know that rain is very important for your crops to grow.
The Conservative party has won an increased majority on Northamptonshire County Council in the local election.
"We cannot really claim to have peace if we don't deal with the past," says Baroness O'Loan.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals.
More than 40 jobs are at risk with the collapse of a bus company which runs services from Aberystwyth to Cardiff, it has been claimed.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer in a "frenzied attack" has told a court he was not sure who killed her.
Brighton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were thrashed by 10-man Huddersfield at the John Smith's Stadium.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife after she went on holiday to Pakistan last year, a court has heard.
The Metropolitan Police is a "dangerous place to be" and officers should not have to think twice about carrying a gun because they fear the consequences, the force's outgoing commissioner has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised after posting on social media that type 1 and type 2 diabetes are not the same thing.
The Holocaust drama Suite Francaise, based on the 1940 novel of the same name by Irene Nemirovsky, has been released in the UK.
More than 100 firefighters have been tackling a huge fire at an industrial estate in Kent after a blaze broke out on Friday night.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will play at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in June.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a tanker carrying corrosive acid off the coast of Cornwall in a 40ft (12m) swell.
Donald Trump's first official visit to the European Union - his first trip to Europe as president of the United States - has come to an end.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Liverpool trainee Michael Ngoo on a one-month loan deal.
More than 100 people have been forced to leave their homes in Western Australia after a bushfire broke out in a remote part of the state.
A police sergeant involved in the investigation into the death of an 11-year-old boy who took his own life spoke to his school manager in January, it has emerged.
The number of people opening Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to official figures.
The number of cannabis farms discovered by police in the last two years has more than doubled to more than 7,000, according to new figures.
A jigsaw puzzle that took more than a month to complete after four pieces went missing has been sent back to Spain to be re-cut.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured after a car crashed into a crowd at a car rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners will take to the stage in Cardiff later for an event to discuss the future of education in Wales.
A Denbighshire man has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation after he threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager when he was told to return it.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) Awards for its coverage of the Troubles.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting a ceremony next week to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac in the south of the country.
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj has joined Championship side Reading on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts fans could help raise £3m for the club's main stand at Tynecastle in the next two years as part of a plan to secure a £6m reserve.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is not fit enough to play for the club because of a lack of fitness.
Harlequins will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Saracens will face Exeter Chiefs in the other semi-final.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has paid tribute to her "lovely" son who had saved her life seven years ago.
England women beat world champions New Zealand in their final match of the Women's Rugby World Cup Qualifiers in Hamilton, New Zealand.
A paraglider thought she was going to die when she came within 600ft (183m) of being hit by an A400M military aircraft, a report has found.
Firefighters are dealing with a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Londonderry.
A "clever and calculating" paedophile who bribed his victims with "fifa game currency" has been jailed for 12 years.
When Josephine Skousen broke her jaw on the London Underground, Oh Wonder were already well on their way to becoming one of the UK's fastest-selling bands of 2014.
A four-year-old boy was referred to police after nursery staff mistook him for a jihadist for saying the word "cucumber" instead of "cooker bomb", it has emerged.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter was found in the boot of a car with two other children in the back, police say.
Police have been called to the High Street in Old Aberdeen following reports of a "disturbance" involving a "transgender" man and "anarchist" group at the University of Aberdeen.
Algeria made a winning start to their Africa Cup of Nations campaign as they beat Qatar 1-0 in their opening Group D match in Gabon.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given new training to help them improve their skills as part of plans to improve standards.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are struggling to cope with the pressure of winning because they do not think the aim is to win.
The body of a man has been found at a waste management company's recycling plant in Somerset, police have said.
The final list of candidates in the race to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be revealed on Wednesday, the party has said.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI has announced the launch of 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) across Northern Ireland.
Troy Polamalu has announced that he is to retire from football at the age of 33.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a Swansea rugby player who died following an incident in the city centre.
England's Stuart Bingham will take on world number one Judd Trump in the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Work to demolish a Denbighshire primary school and build a new one in its place is set to begin.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte is to face trial on charges relating to the sale of the club, a court has heard.
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United beat League Two side Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is serving a 12-year prison sentence for tax fraud, has been invited to perform community service.
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as first-team coach until the end of the season.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the death penalty for careless drivers to be upgraded to manslaughter.
A man has been assaulted by a gang of armed men during a robbery at a house in Ballymena, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he had no idea he was on the verge of becoming the country's second-highest scorer in one-day international history.
Wales hooker Ken Owens says he will not let his long spell on the bench affect his desire to start for his country.
Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex and Worcestershire shared an unbroken century stand on the opening day of their Division Two match at Chelmsford.
As Abid Naseer is sentenced to life in prison in the United States for his role in an al-Qaeda terror attack in Manchester in 2009, BBC News looks at how police believe he would have carried out the attack had he not been arrested.
Russia says it is beginning a "withdrawal" of its forces from Syria, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, following an order from President Vladimir Putin.
Rafael Nadal fought back from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals for the second time in three years.
A 73-year-old Brazilian fisherman has told local media that he found a piece of debris from a UK satellite in a river in the north-eastern state of Para state.
A man who planned to carry out an attack on a British soldier has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 18 years.
A woman who lied about being terminally ill to a woman she was stalking has had her jail sentence reduced.
A building has collapsed on the Spanish island of Arona, killing at least one person and injuring several others, after a suspected gas explosion.
St Johnstone were knocked out of the Europa League by FK Trakai in the first leg of their second qualifying round tie in Lithuania.
Holidays from the UK to long-haul destinations are 40% more expensive in the "peak" summer weeks than they are during the rest of the year, research suggests.
Thousands of prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons.
Fulham have signed Oostende striker Adama Cyriac on a season-long loan deal.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has announced that he will be running for the White House.
German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who amassed a huge collection of paintings believed to have been looted by the Nazis, has died at the age of 90.
Scottish bus operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada have sacked manager Tony Adams after seven matches in charge of the club following their 2-1 defeat at home to Espanyol.
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in Powys.
A new £20m swimming pool is to be built at Derby's Moorways Leisure Centre, the city council has announced.
A school that was named after the Islamic State (IS) militant group has changed its name.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in technology and retail stocks.
It is a condition that, until recently, was considered to be an "invisible epidemic".
A woman has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a house in south-east London.
World number one Andy Murray will miss his final warm-up match before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's left-wing Social Democrats have lost power to a right-wing bloc in the country's general election.
A campaign has been launched to save the collection of fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen from closure at Newport's central library.
A Pembrokeshire man is thought to have broken the world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in west London.
Pregnant and recently pregnant women should not travel to areas with a high risk of malaria, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election, with the party promising to "stand up to the establishment parties on issues like climate change".
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the media, suggesting it will be the most left-wing in a generation.
Former Plaid Cymru AM Leanne Wood, who lost the party's leadership election to Elin Jones on Sunday, is a woman who was once banned from the assembly for referring to the Queen as "Mrs Windsor".
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May as companies took time to digest the election result, according to a report.
Bristol Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart from Alaska Aces on a two-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to meet a deadline to pay off their £220,000 debts.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) have arrested a man who was seen walking around with his wife's severed head in his hands.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials in Dhaka say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her seven-year-old son who died in a car fire.
UN investigators investigating war crimes in Syria say they are considering publishing lists of alleged war criminals, the BBC understands.
A Methodist minister abused four boys by hypnotising them before sexually abusing them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of travelling to Syria to join so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The Condor Liberation has returned to service after being grounded for more than a month following an electrical fault.
Up to 1,000 new homes could be built in Swansea over the next 10 years as part of plans to regenerate the city.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against rising water bills.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 22-year-old Scottish boxer has the potential to follow in the footsteps of his father Barry by becoming a world champion.
Archaeologists in South Africa say they have found 100,000-year-old "paint kits" in a cave that were used to make ochre paints in the Middle Stone Age.
Ireland's economy grew by 7.7% in the first three months of the year, faster than the eurozone as a whole, compared with a 0.5% rise in the previous quarter.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of a bid to become a European Capital of Culture in 2023.
Abertay University in Dundee has been ranked second in the world for its degree courses in computer games design by a leading US magazine for a third consecutive year.
"No" was the question on the ballot paper in the 2014 Scottish referendum.
The Foreign Office is "urgently working" with the authorities in Thailand to establish whether a British man has died in a shooting incident in the country.
Great Britain women beat Argentina 3-2 in their opening Pool B match at the Rio Olympics to move into the quarter-finals of the women's hockey tournament.
Championship leaders Leicester City have no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's game against Derby County.
A takeaway where a three-year-old girl died after suffering a suspected allergic reaction to curry has been banned from operating.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £20,000 from a children's fund meant for vulnerable children.
A Cardiff-based online insurance comparison firm has won a series of contracts from the Welsh government.
North Korea has said its military has carried out a "large-scale" artillery drill near its border with South Korea, warning of an attack on the South's presidential residence.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of the capital, Kabul, to protest against what they say is Iran's refusal to allow fuel exports to Afghanistan.
Scientists have created a database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs from around the world, to help people choose the right tree for their garden.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a serious knee injury.
French Justice Minister Segolene Goulard has resigned from the cabinet in a row over fake jobs.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on Preacher and Judge Dredd, has died at the age of 55.
Sergio Garcia and Thomas Pieters moved into a three-way tie for the lead at the Masters as Charley Hoffman and Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead after the second round at Augusta.
The mystery of the bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres has been deepened by new pictures taken by the US space agency's Dawn mission.
A van driver has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a man by careless driving in West Lothian.
Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has announced an alliance of Muslim nations to fight terrorism, but several countries have yet to confirm whether they will join it.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has been sacked following the team's failure to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for three matches by Cricket Australia for striking England's Joe Root in a pub brawl.
Plans for a safari park, a hotel and a water park have been given the go-ahead.
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai has been shot in the head by a gunman in the Swat Valley, where she was campaigning for girls' education.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland has been appointed to chair a review of health and social care targets.
A doctor who took a £10,000 loan from a patient with Alzheimer's disease has been struck off by the General Medical Council (GMC).
A senior Bangladeshi politician has been sentenced to death by a special war crimes tribunal for his role in atrocities committed during the 1971 war of independence from Pakistan.
James Wakely and Richard Keogh hit centuries as Northamptonshire put themselves in a strong position against Leicestershire on day four at Northampton.
A Flintshire man who stopped a machete attack in Mold and a man who shielded his partner from bullets during last summer's Tunisia terror attacks have been nominated for bravery awards.
A film shot in the Welsh valleys for just Â£4,000 has won an international award for a screenplay written by a group of friends from Blaenau Gwent.
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences following an investigation into traveller sites in Lincolnshire.
One of Australia's most famous Star Wars fans has spent the past two weeks dressing up as Darth Vader in a custom-made Darth Vader costume to celebrate the release of Rogue One.
Oscars 2017: All the best pictures from the red carpet.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Jonny Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A lifeboat crew from Portaferry has rescued a group of people who were stranded on the shores of Lough Neagh after their boat broke down.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared in a North Lanarkshire canal 60 years ago have identified what they believe to be human bones.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze university fee increases in 2016, after a week of protests by thousands of students in Pretoria.
Atlantis is back on BBC One, but it's not quite the same show it was last year.
Black Friday has been hailed as the busiest online shopping day of the year in the UK, with more than £760m spent online with Visa cards over the four-day period.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has carried out its first chemical test on Mars.
More than 90% of children in England have not been offered a place at their top choice of primary school for the first time this year, figures show.
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend and England's Tyrrell Hatton share the lead at the BMW PGA Championship after the final round of the event in the US.
A four-year-old girl was seriously injured when she was attacked by a dog that was allegedly "dangerously out of control", police have said.
Chinese artist and dissident Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to "defend freedom of speech and political art", following a row with the Danish toy company.
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1 and hopes one day he will be able to return to the sport after two years out with a hand injury.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan have been added to the line-up for the second series of The Great British Winter Olympics.
Hearts have completed the signings of Belgian midfielder Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was ousted by his own party on Monday.
More than half of young people who check their mobile phones after going to bed are on social media when they should be sleeping, research suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce car once owned by the late sex symbol Diana Dors has sold at auction in New York for $3m (£2.5m).
A man has been jailed for 10 years for trying to kill a takeaway worker with a meat cleaver in a "grossly disproportionate manner".
Plans to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK for the first time in more than 1,300 years have been unveiled by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has begun the final phase of a £40m revamp of its flagship store in the St James Centre in Edinburgh.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker George Samuel on loan until the end of the season and brought in Cardiff City midfielder Alex Huws on a season-long loan deal.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a train.
A Kenyan student who survived the al-Shabab militant attack on the Garissa University College in the capital Nairobi has described how she hid in a wardrobe for three days after the attack.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for five years and three months.
An alleged chemical weapons expert for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been captured in Iraq and is being questioned about the group's alleged use of mustard gas, US officials say.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named during a live awards show on Sunday, 14 December 2014 (BBC One & BBC One HD).
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child actress Lupita Nyong'o has been cast as Hermione in the new Harry Potter spin-off film.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star Christopher Biggins has been removed from this year's Celebrity Big Brother after making comments "capable of causing widespread offence".
A decade ago, the Danish health service was struggling to keep up with other European countries in terms of cancer survival rates.
A sea mine found on the River Gourock in Inverclyde has been moved to a safer location, the Royal Navy has said.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be rotated around the world so more countries can host the tournament.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager following their relegation from National League South.
The bells of St Mary's Church in Norwich have been rung out for the first time in more than 200 years.
Planning permission has been granted for the restoration of two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading which were once used as a college.
England number eight Billy Vunipola is set to return from injury in time for the Six Nations opener against Wales at Twickenham on 5 March.
Flooding has forced the closure of the Conwy Valley rail line for several days, while a tree has been removed from a line in Ceredigion.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a fight in a park.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
Four humpback whales have been found dead on a beach in the south-eastern French town of Saint-Etienne after they washed up on Sunday.
A hospital has said it is looking at plans to set up demountable parking decks above existing car parks in a bid to solve parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers at its terminals in Folkestone and Calais because of increased security at the Channel Tunnel.
A study by the World Bank has found that between 2004 and 2012, the number of women in the workforce in India dropped by more than 10%.
Leicester defender Danny Drinkwater could make his first start of the season after coming off the bench against Chelsea.
An MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Pupils at a primary school which was closed after a dispute over the conduct of its head teacher are set to return to school.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray is confident his side can secure a place in the Pro12 play-off semi-finals for the second year in a row.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving after a man was killed in a crash on the M1 in Surrey.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a six-month driving ban after being found guilty of drink-driving.
French actress Anne Lebeau, best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca, has died at the age of 93.
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a back injury and could miss the rest of the season.
Ecuador's presidential election will go to a second round after the top two candidates in the first round were forced to settle for a run-off.
England begin their one-day series against Bangladesh in Dhaka on Friday with a tour of a country where security has been stepped up in the wake of last month's terror attack in the capital.
More than 700,000 emails and passwords belonging to US government agencies have been found on the open web, according to a security firm.
Scotland's Brexit minister David Russell has said he is "disappointed" that the UK government has not yet made clear whether it wants to remain in the single market or customs union after Brexit.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his team can use their EIHL play-off experience to help them reach the Elite League finals next season.
Welsh weightlifter Gemma Smith says she is "confident" Team GB can qualify for the 2016 Olympics after being named in the GB squad for the European Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is set to leave the club in the January transfer window in order to join Spanish side Deportivo La Coruna.
The architect of the Dundee Museum of Art has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the £100m project.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the Italian city of Venice to protest against what they say is the city's decline as a tourist destination.
Two fly-tippers who dumped more than 40 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "significant opportunities" for Scottish businesses in China.
Patten Yau, the leader of Hong Kong's pro-independence Youngspiration party, says she has "no choice" but to push for independence for the territory.
Marcus Rashford scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht on penalties to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are tightening their laws to fight cyber crime and regulate social media in an effort to curb the spread of hate speech.
Voters lost faith in "established political figures as opinion-leaders" in the run-up to the EU referendum, according to a new report.
There is no doubt what this election is about for the Conservatives.
Johanna Konta says she still has "a lot of work to do" after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League champions Guangzhou Evergrande on a five-year deal for £32m.
Thousands of homes and businesses in Leeds have been left without water for several hours after a water main burst.
A Santa Claus attraction in the West Midlands has been forced to close in the final week of the Christmas season.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked to become a UKIP MEP.
Ghana's government has reversed its policy of keeping professional nurses in the country under a "bond".
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by a herd of cows has called for better safety measures on footpaths.
Bill Bailey has spoken of the "shame" his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the Royal Philharmonic Hall before his show in Liverpool on Monday.
Wayne Rooney's new five-and-a-half year contract with Manchester United has been described as "exorbitant" by the club's chief executive Ed Woodward.
Plymouth Argyle's Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off semi-final second leg was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday, with Japan's Nikkei falling despite the country's economy growing faster than expected in the first quarter of the year.
Australia's Woodside Petroleum has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by record production and higher realised prices for its liquefied natural gas (LNG).
If you run a small business, how do you keep your data safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters?
A new code of practice for the use of stop and search has been published by the Scottish government.
Rail passengers faced major disruption on the Borders to Edinburgh line on Friday after a number of trains were cancelled or delayed.
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs is "off the scale", the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has said.
Pope Francis has used the word "genocide" to describe the mass killing of Armenians by the Ottoman Empire during World War One.
Lance Armstrong's admission that he used performance-enhancing drugs during the Tour de France in the 1990s has led to questions about whether he has changed or not.
Are you going to pay £5 for a beaker of water at Glastonbury?
Two helicopters have been based at Inverness Mountain Rescue Station for the past five years, taking part in more than 500 search and rescue missions.
Manchester City Women have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office by his own party after the country's parliament voted to censure him.
Sky has confirmed that some of its broadband customers in some parts of the UK are experiencing slow internet speeds due to a lack of capacity.
Security at the Houses of Parliament may have been breached for the first time in more than a decade, according to a security expert.
A drug used to treat a type of leukaemia can be stopped completely after a year to reduce side-effects, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Australia have said they are "bitterly bereft" after he died in hospital.
Atletico Madrid defender Luis Suarez says it was "totally unfair" for his team-mates to be sent off against Barcelona in the Champions League.
Northern Ireland's film industry is growing at a faster rate than anywhere else in the world, but only a handful of people from the country have made it into the top tier of the industry.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after police seized ecstasy tablets and cocaine worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) in Paris.
Jeremy Corbyn's election as Labour leader was widely seen as a referendum on his record as an MP.
The town centre of County Longford in the Republic of Ireland's midlands has seen its fortunes turn from bad to worse in recent years.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed, following an invitation from Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a Royal Navy ship in the English Channel during World War II.
The government has rejected a call from Labour for new powers to curb the growth of high-speed betting machines on High Streets.
Ethiopia is mourning the retirement of one of the world's best-known and most famous long-distance runners.
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times by Japanese media giant Nikkei Group is one of Japan's richest men, Shigeru Kita.
Luis Suarez's appeal against a four-month ban for biting an opponent has been rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Ross County have completed the signing of Lithuania international midfielder Vykintas Sernas on a two-year deal.
The United States Soccer Federation has announced plans to introduce new rules to protect young players from head injuries, including a ban on heading footballs.
Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox has confirmed that it has made an unsolicited £11.25bn bid for the 61% of Sky it does not already own.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation offences, police have said.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a post office worker was threatened with a knife and robbed by two men at knifepoint in Glasgow.
More than 2,000 teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors event on Dartmoor.
A chronology of key events surrounding the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio to US investment firm PIMCO and a police investigation into the deal:.
Tributes have been paid to one of two men who died after getting into difficulty while swimming at a beauty spot in Gwynedd.
A primary school has suspended two staff members over allegations of historical sexual abuse of children.
Former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast striker Souleymane Cisse has paid tribute to former team-mate Cheick Tiote at his memorial service in China.
Shares in Asia were lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek general election next week, while the price of copper fell to its lowest level in four-and-a-half years.
Blackberry has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by strong sales of its new Z10 smartphone.
Oil and gas services company Proserv has won two new contracts in the North Sea, including one with the Taqa oil and gas company and one with an established operator.
Teachers' pay could rise "significantly higher than 1%" in the future to ensure an "adequate supply" of good teachers for schools in England and Wales, according to a report by the Schools Review Board (STRB).
Voting has ended in the European Parliament elections, in which the far-right National Front in France and Eurosceptics in the UK and the Republic of Ireland made gains.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddi cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe gael ei adeiladu ac yna asesu ei effaith ar gyfer cynlluniau
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not be proposing to hold a referendum on any further council tax rise after a public vote rejected the idea.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend its controversial biofuels quota, which it says is driving up food prices.
The shape of beer glasses used in pubs and clubs does not appear to affect the time it takes to finish a half pint of beer, according to a new study.
National League side Grimsby Town have re-signed midfielder David Dugdale on a one-year deal after he was released by Southend United.
The crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam after an attempt to raise money for a video game turned out to be a scam.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun in the US state of Massachusetts.
It was the biggest strike in the history of the NHS.
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home after they say they were denied use of their facilities following the death of their long-term partner.
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been launched to allow visitors to experience the hidden world beneath the city.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in Australia had a memory lapse that led to the tragedy, an inquest has heard.
Scientists say they have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for cancer to spread in the body.
Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League despite England all-rounder Heather Brunt's late wicket costing them victory over Adelaide Strikers.
The results of the Scottish council elections have been widely reported in Scotland's newspapers, with the SNP claiming victory in Dundee, Aberdeen and Dundee City Council.
An MP has called for help to save the former home of the explorer and photographer Queen of the Desert, Alice Bell, which has fallen into disrepair.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK because he is considered a "threat" to President Vladimir Putin.
Cladding samples sent to the fire service have failed to show that it is safe to use on high-rise buildings, the prime minister has said.
North Korea says it has developed a "hangover-free" alcohol that causes no hangover, according to the Pyongyang Times.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says he is "frustrated" by his side's poor start to the Premiership season.
A seven-year-old boy who was left on a school bus three times in the past year has been found safe and well, his father has said.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry-picking data in his announcement that the US will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement.
An inquest into the death of an Army reservist who collapsed and died on an SAS selection exercise has heard he did not think he would survive.
Google is developing a blood-testing kit that could help doctors detect cancer and other diseases much earlier in patients' lives.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players, saying they are giving everything they have to the national team.
League Two side Notts County have signed Morecambe defender Jordan Edwards on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
A care worker has been jailed for stealing more than £20,000 from a vulnerable man to fund a "lavish lifestyle".
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says world football associations are "overwhelming" in favour of the idea of a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her death that she felt police did not do enough to investigate the disappearance of her sister.
Older people in England are being left to fend for themselves in a "destructive vicious circle" where they struggle with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing and going to the toilet, a charity has warned.
A woman has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in an Edinburgh street after claiming he had raped her.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on the headquarters of Yemen's elite Special Security Forces in the capital, Sanaa, has killed at least 30 soldiers and officers, officials say.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Frazer is to consider a motion of no confidence in the Dáil (Irish parliament) over a planned republican rally in Dublin.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbikes title with victory in the final race of the season at Donington Park on Sunday.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's decision to release 37 prisoners it says are "dangerous insurgents who have Afghan blood on their hands".
Ben Affleck has won the top directing prize at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his Oscar-nominated film Argo.
Nigeria's military has begun an operation to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist bases and activities", the Ministry of Defence has said.
Tributes have been paid to sports journalist Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after two boys were stabbed.
Olympic champion Tom Latham won Great Britain's first medal of the Track Cycling World Championships as he claimed bronze in the men's scratch sprint in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named an unchanged squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 campaign.
Actresses Helen Chancellor and Helen Richardson are to star in a three-part BBC One comedy-drama series based on the 1930s novels Lucia and Elizabeth Mapp, it has been announced.
Joseph Clark, a father-of-three from Liverpool, travelled to the match by car with his son Stephen Clark, who was also killed in the attack.
Two teenagers have admitted attacking a taxi driver with a machete in a bid to steal his change.
Jodie Taylor scored a late winner as England began their preparations for Euro 2017 with a hard-fought win over the Netherlands.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal from next season.
Britain's Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe as he continues his bid to become the first Briton to win the round-the-world yacht race.
The New South Wales (NSW) state parliament has voted to refer to US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug".
Five-time Olympic gold medallist Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics, the corporation has announced.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has said it will pay £1m to the owner of a drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles last year.
How do you solve the problem of lorries queuing for hours to cross the Channel between the UK and France?
The death of a man who was shot in the head in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as murder, police have said.
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time in their history with a dramatic last-ball six-wicket win over England in a thrilling final in Abu Dhabi.
Dirk Coetzee, the former South African spy who exposed the existence of a secret apartheid-era paramilitary group known as the Vlakplaas, has died at the age of 83.
Former South Yorkshire Police chief David Duckenfield is one of six people to be charged over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, prosecutors have announced.
Archaeological finds made during the construction of the West Link road in Inverness have been displayed at a primary school.
The square in the centre of the Bavarian city of Munich is like any other in the summer.
The Workers Party has accused the BBC of putting a "price tag" on political airtime in the run-up to the general election.
Footage has been released of the moment a van used by boxer Floyd Mayweather was set on fire during an appearance at a hotel.
A seven-year-old girl suffered burns to her face and arm when a vapouriser exploded on a Harry Potter ride at a theme park in the US state of Florida, police say.
A man has died after being injured in an accident involving a chainsaw in south London.
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to more than double in the next decade, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan said his side's 1-0 win over Poland in a friendly on Wednesday was a "bonus" ahead of their next match against Nigeria.
A man has been jailed for eight weeks after he was caught with a fake gun and a knife in a Worthing park.
Polish expats living in the UK are marking All Saints' Day by cleaning up and lighting candles at the graves of their ancestors at a cemetery in London.
New rules on the way broadband providers advertise their prices have come into force.
A member of staff has suffered a serious head injury in a robbery at a Borders Post Office.
Northern Ireland's jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that the Stormont executive has not yet agreed the rate of corporation tax to be introduced in Northern Ireland.
A section of Bournemouth seafront has been cordoned off after part of a cliff collapsed following heavy rain.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Lee Tomlin has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender who was due to be released from a prison in Cambridgeshire has been deported from the UK.
The Conservatives have held on to all but one of their seats in Dorset in the general election.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has agreed a budget for the next financial year, which will see savings of £1.5m.
A review is to be carried out into the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee, who was found dead in his buggy outside his Fife home.
US President Donald Trump has banned people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US for 90 days.
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from dual nationals who fight for terrorism-related groups such as Islamic State.
Fifteen soldiers who refused to stand at attention during a military parade have been sentenced at a court martial for disobeying a lawful command.
A man has been left " scarred for life" after being punched in the face in an unprovoked attack in a Glasgow pub.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced that he is to release his first solo album.
Britain's Dan Evans and Andy Murray both made it through to the fourth round of the Australian Open with straight-set wins on day three in Melbourne.
Jared Allen has signed a one-year contract extension to stay with the Minnesota Vikings until the end of the 2018 season.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Liam Dunkley for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
Scientists say it’s time for an international agreement on how to protect biodiversity in the high seas.
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be announced on Monday.
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party for "telling the truth" over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme after he claimed DUP advisers tried to stop him reducing the tariff on the scheme because of their links to the poultry industry.
A new police control room service in Dumfries and Galloway has performed "to the satisfaction of the public" despite the closure of its predecessor, a report has found.
Transport Scotland is to explore the possibility of extending the new Borders Railway to the south of England.
An environmental group has launched a legal challenge against plans to install overhead cables in a Gwynedd forest.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's return to the starting line-up has left "massive holes" in Tottenham's and Leicester's squads after he replaced Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy.
Sculptures of herdwick sheep have been installed in the Lake District as part of a project to raise money for a charity.
Defender Gary Cahill says England's 1-0 defeat by Spain in their opening World Cup warm-up match "flattered" the hosts.
A gold pendant made from an early copy of a Byzantine gold coin has been found in Norfolk.
UKIP has denied a claim by one of its most prominent donors that his membership of the party has been suspended.
Plans to improve transport in north west Cardiff have been submitted to the city council.
A County Londonderry man and his daughter have made history by becoming the first father and daughter to officiate a senior cricket match in Ireland.
A woman who was sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale during the 1970s and 80s has led a protest against the council.
Police investigating the murder of a dissident republican in the Republic of Ireland are searching for a car used by the gunmen who killed him.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from the branches of trees in Lancashire after being infected with a virus, a wildlife trust has said.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile who raped and sexually assaulted young girls in the 1970s and 1980s has been jailed for 20 years.
Brentford moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over struggling Bolton Wanderers at Griffin Park.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police are looking again at a car seen in the area where he was last seen.
Lancashire's Alex Davies and James Jarvis shared an unbeaten century stand to give their side a slender lead of 260 on day two against Derbyshire.
Ghana came from behind to beat DR Congo and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history.
Eleven Aston Villa and Leicester City fans arrested after a fight broke out during the Premier League match between the sides have been released on bail.
On the eve of the 70th anniversary of the start of World War Two, the Luftwaffe bombed Manchester, killing more than 600 people.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and secure a Super League play-off place.
Sony Pictures has been the victim of a massive cyber-attack that has left the company in a state of chaos.
An 18-year-old man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel had a history of making death threats, an inquest has heard.
People with long-term health conditions are more likely to experience fear, hopelessness and despair if they do not learn to live with their symptoms, research has suggested.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has lifted provisional bans on six Russian cross-country skiers from the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Clydesdale Bank is to set aside an extra £1.7bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra has died after running into a lake during a police chase at a golf course in Japan after escaping from a paddock on Tuesday night.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former hospital in Edinburgh.
The French government has paid tribute to the victims of last week's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of a polygraph test for new police recruits in Nigeria.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's political manifesto Mein Kampf, signed by the Nazi leader, is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been found on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time in the UK.
The former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has named a number of politicians he claims were involved in a corruption scheme at the company.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed Slovakian goalkeeper Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal following his release by Bolton Wanderers.
The UK is to pay for the construction of a new prison in Jamaica to house hundreds of Jamaican prisoners who will be sent back to the UK to serve their sentences.
Hackers who stole more than $81m (£55m) from Bangladesh's central bank by hacking into its computer network did not take basic security precautions, investigators say.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
A few years ago, former Rangers and Aberdeen full-back Darren Foster was sitting in the stands at Ibrox when a fan walked up to him and made a comment.
More than 100 jobs are set to be created in Brechin after a major engineering firm announced plans to expand its operations in the area.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Broady in my opening match at Wimbledon on Tuesday, and I know he's nervous about it as well.
Universities in England are advertising a higher level of tuition fees than the £9,000 upper limit set by the government.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died following an incident at a Harrogate pub.
Mae datblygwyr Cwmni Datblygu Blaenau'r Cymoedd yn dweud y byddai'r llywodraeth am gefnogi'r cynllun ar gyfer Cylchffordd
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places for the first time this season with a comfortable victory over Norwich City.
Manchester City will have "amazing options" if Sergio Aguero is not available for Sunday's derby against Manchester United, says United boss Jose Mourinho.
West Bromwich Albion boss Tony Pulis says his 1,000th game in charge of a Premier League club will be "no reflection on real life" when he takes charge of Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced he will retire from Test cricket at the end of the season.
Celtic could be without two of their top forwards for their Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg in Norway on Wednesday.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has "generally met its objectives" in supporting major festivals and events in the region, according to a new report.
Violence at a prison in Staffordshire where two inmates died last year has been described as "very concerning" by the chief inspector of prisons.
Ireland captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as captain under new head coach Joe Schmidt.
Hundreds of carvers are expected to take part in this year's National Chainsaw Carving Championships in the Highlands.
The National Advisory Board for Mosque and Imams has said it is working to improve standards at madrassas after a teacher was found guilty of cruelty against children.
It has been like a scene out of Shakespeare's Hamlet, the battle between Boris Johnson and Michael Gove for the Tory leadership.
The UK's energy regulator has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling wholesale costs.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's T in the Park festival, organisers have announced.
Northampton Saints' Sam Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking with his shoulder during Saturday's defeat by Newcastle Falcons.
People affected by the Grenfell Tower fire must be re-housed locally if necessary, Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs.
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply in the wake of a statement made by one of its most prominent developers.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Lancashire.
A group of Iranian girls from Tehran have won a medal for their "can-do attitude" after taking part in a robotics competition in the US.
Ospreys made it three wins out of three in the Pro12 with a resounding victory over Benetton Treviso at Liberty Stadium.
A yellow "be aware" warning of black ice has been issued for parts of Scotland as the first minister paid tribute to those who have helped keep Scotland going during the "extraordinary" winter weather.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an appendix abscess and is to have surgery, his publicist has confirmed.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys has reignited a long-running dispute over who should control the technology.
When Deutsche Bank published its analysis of the likely outcomes of the UK general election earlier this week, it was very clear that it did not expect a hung parliament.
Activity in the US manufacturing sector shrank at its fastest pace in more than a year in June, according to a closely watched survey.
As the 50th anniversary of Muhammad Ali's death is marked, the BBC's Hugh Kinsella Cunningham meets some of the boxers hoping to follow in his footsteps in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
At the Chalcots Leisure Centre in Camden, south-east London, there is a sense of normality about the place.
Homelessness is one of the biggest issues facing young people in England, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Aer Lingus has announced it is to end its summer flights between Dublin and the Republic of Ireland because of a lack of demand.
At least one person has been killed in an explosion in the south-eastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir, the interior minister has said.
The Duchess of Cambridge has announced that she is expecting her first child, a girl.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Manchester on New Year's Eve.
Portadown will hope to maintain their slim hopes of avoiding Premiership relegation when they host Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
Hackers from pro-Ukrainian and pro-Russian activist groups have been carrying out a wave of cyber attacks on government and rebel websites during the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
A man who tried to board a flight from Edinburgh Airport with more than 20 knives, CS gas canisters and knuckledusters has been jailed for six months.
Tata Steel has agreed a deal to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm, the BBC understands.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever score in the Open Championship at Royal Troon as he opened with a seven-under-par 63 to lead by three shots.
The Olympic Stadium is set to open to the public on Friday, with thousands of people expected to use the transport system to get around.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith among the biggest fallers, but Royal Mail shares rose after it announced the appointment of a new chairman.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has risen and the number of women taking their own lives has risen, according to government figures.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
A Northern Ireland singer is visiting the US to launch a bone marrow donor drive in Washington DC.
As the Welsh Government prepares to unveil its budget for 2017/18, BBC Wales takes a look at what we know so far about what to expect.
A lorry has crashed into the side of a house, causing the roof to collapse and closing a level crossing.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured Cian Healy on their tour of Australia.
The scandal surrounding a Malaysian state investment fund, 1MDB, has become one of the world's biggest money-laundering investigations.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 200 new homes in the Govanhill area of the city as part of a £44m housing strategy.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
Opposition parties have criticised the Welsh government's decision to temporarily close a back-to-work scheme which has helped create more than 17,000 jobs for young people aged 16-24.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies across Northern Ireland in support of women's rights in the wake of the inauguration of US President Donald Trump.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the gender pay gap between men and women in Scotland.
The family of a 92-year-old woman who waited eight hours for an ambulance to take her to hospital have criticised staff at a Nottingham hospital for not offering her food or drink.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen's party, the National Front (FN), has been accused by the European Parliament of defrauding it out of €1.5m (£1.1m; $1.6m) in payments.
The UK is to impose a new £35,000 (£30,000) salary cap on the number of non-Europeans granted the right to settlement in the UK, the government has announced.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best tourist attraction for 10 years in a row.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over rosters for the Night Tube, the Aslef union has said.
One of the last remaining Victorian forts in Wales is to reopen to the public.
Residents in Wrexham are being rehoused after their homes were hit by flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption in a case involving the construction of a luxury residential complex in Jerusalem.
The European Union's foreign and interior ministers are holding talks in Brussels in an attempt to reach a deal with Turkey over the migrant crisis.
The UK has warned its citizens not to travel to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi over new laws that restrict protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says the club will not be able to sustain top-flight football in the future if they do not build a new stadium.
Police are continuing to investigate the death of a man whose body was found at a house in the Glenfinnan area of Glasgow.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory at Derby County.
Throwing a piece of paper into a bin is more accurate than throwing a dart, according to a new study.
Warwickshire seamer Joe Thornton has signed a new contract with Birmingham Bears, keeping him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
Vote Leave is offering a £50m prize to the first person to correctly predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for ice and snow across Scotland on Saturday night.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects the majority of his squad to stay at the Championship club next season after being offered new deals.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has ruled out the possibility of becoming the next president of world football's governing body after Sepp Blatter.
The number of women in the UK suffering from post-partum depression has risen sharply in recent years.
Newcastle United and Sky Sports have dropped darts commentator Eric Bristow as a pundit after he made "appalling" comments about child sex abuse victims.
A man and woman have been charged with murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to launch an Ideas Service to bring the "best from Britain's great cultural institutions and thinkers to everyone", the corporation's director general has said.
Home Depot has reported better-than-expected sales for the fourth quarter, helped by a surge in the US housing market.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Dale striker Nyal Bell on loan until the end of the season following his release by the League One club.
A court in Turkey has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight people accused of involvement in a coalmine disaster that killed more than 600 people.
The UK-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq says it has destroyed nearly $1bn (£770m) of cash held by the militant group in the past two years in air strikes.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the Monte Carlo Masters final for the second year in a row with a 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-2 win over Marcelo Dodig and Marcel Granollers.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with a hoax bomb alert at a London Underground station.
A court in India has sentenced seven policemen to life in prison for killing 11 Sikh men in a fake encounter in 1993, in the latest in a series of high-profile fake encounter cases.
One of the world's leading education experts has warned that England's schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are because too many teachers think cramming pupils' heads full of facts is education".
Employees at UK companies could be given a say in how their bosses are paid as part of a shake-up of corporate governance, the government has said.
The owner of a shipyard which was taken over by a private equity firm last year has said he hopes to create up to 1,300 jobs at the site.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was beaten to death in Manchester more than 40 years ago is to be shown on the BBC's Crimewatch programme.
The family of a teenager who was killed in a crash have described her as a "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister".
Five members of Guernsey's Housing Department board have resigned in protest at the department's handling of its finances.
Chelsea have appointed former Russia boss Guus Hiddink as Jose Mourinho's successor as interim manager for the rest of the season.
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson were beaten 6-3 6-2 by Chan Hyeon and Chan Shuai Chan in the mixed doubles final of the Hong Kong Open.
Australia retained their Four Nations title with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A popular surf lagoon in Snowdonia has been forced to close for the winter because of a "serious failure" in its machinery.
A campaign has been launched to save the Grade II-listed clock tower at a fire-damaged mill site.
The new vice chancellor of Oxford University has said there is a "crucial distinction" between "radical ideas and incitement to violence".
The Hurt Locker has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle awards for the second year in a row.
The deputy chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is among three senior staff who are leaving the authority.
World number one Lydia Ko is in contention for a second Women's PGA Championship title after carding a one-under-par 69 in the second round of the Safeway Open.
The chief executive of BT Openreach, Joe Garner, is to leave the telecoms firm to take up the same role at the Nationwide building society.
Kilmarnock have signed Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Governors of a Gwynedd secondary school have written to the council to express their opposition to plans for a new campus.
A gang member has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years after being found guilty of smuggling guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands.
Nasa's New Horizons spacecraft is about to fire its thruster for the final time before its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps from Sale Sharks for the 2016-17 season.
The government has delayed a final decision on whether to approve the construction of a new nuclear power station in the UK until the autumn.
Grimsby came from 2-0 down at half-time to beat Aldershot and keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
McDonald's is rationing French fries in its stores in Japan because of a food shortage.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his Cambridge debut in Saturday's Varsity match against Oxford at Twickenham.
Judges in England and Wales should consider the psychological impact of sexual offences more closely when sentencing offenders, under new proposals.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Manchester United winger Jordan Powell on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he is prepared to work with the country's far-right Freedom Party if the two parties can work together.
At the age of 14, Jordan Spieth was offered a deal by his father: if he won the US Junior Amateur Championship, he would give up the chance to play in the Masters and he would get his own golf club.
Millions of people who have not yet renewed their tax credits have been urged to do so by the tax authority before Sunday night's deadline.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder is set to become Bolton Wanderers' new manager, the Championship club have confirmed.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston was left frustrated after his side missed out on the chance to make it two wins from two in the Elite League on Sunday as they were thrashed by Fife Flyers in a double header.
The world's largest container ship has docked at the Port of Felixstowe for the first time.
Glamorgan bowled out Gloucestershire for 220 on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match at Cardiff.
It is "perverse and counterproductive" to use money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks to fund healthy-pupils schemes at the expense of children's health, councils have said.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to replace the Defender, its best-selling vehicle, with a new model due to be unveiled in 2017.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk will be available for the start of next season, says manager Claude Puel.
Akzo Nobel has rejected a second bid from US paint maker PPG Industries for the Dulux paint and Dulux nail polish maker.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the Scottish Women's Premier League League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that Yemen will run out of food imports "very soon" and that millions of people could die of hunger.
United Airlines has announced it is to stop flying from Belfast to Newark, the only direct air route between Northern Ireland and the United States.
South Africa assistant coach Mduduzi Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the team's failure to qualify for next year's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Russia has launched its own version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, the country's state news agency has announced.
In the summer of 2015, David Fearon was ready to give up on his sprinting career.
Scottish football could learn a lot from Major League Soccer and bring it back to Scotland, according to Kris Boyd.
Four men arrested in connection with the deaths of two schoolgirls who were hit by a car in Oldham have been released on bail.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jordan Gape on a two-year deal.
A five-year-old boy who ran a triathlon without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards.
The UN climate change conference in Copenhagen in 2009 was supposed to be the moment when world leaders came together and agreed a new legally binding agreement to address climate change.
Former England and Tottenham midfielder David Ginola has launched his bid to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa.
Defending champion Kerry Doherty has been drawn to face world number two Mark Evans in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl at Michael Vaughan or face Devon Malcolm.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations will be fit despite a number of injury concerns.
A man died after being shot with a Taser by a police officer who feared he was about to set himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer to the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Wildfires are continuing to burn out of control in northern California, forcing thousands of people to flee their homes and forcing the evacuation of thousands more.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Gary Watson following a run of three straight defeats.
A California woman who was kidnapped and chained up last week had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
A community group has been set up in a bid to reopen a Victorian swimming pool in Reading which has been closed for more than 100 years.
Emoji week is here again - and this time we're taking a look back at the week in emojis.
A woman who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road has been described as a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
Canada's Adam Hadwin held off the challenge of Canadian Adam Scott to win his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Canadian Open in Calgary.
More than 100 people have signed an advert urging a group planning a protest in north Belfast against sectarian parades to reconsider.
An oak planted by suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Olympic silver medallist Jonathan Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence he needs to return to the England squad.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the southern state of Tamil Nadu has started generating electricity for the first time.
A coroner has said he will write to the government after a woman died following a hernia operation at a hospital where weekend staffing levels were higher than on weekdays.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there were "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster on Saturday.
Nuclear safety concerns at the UK's largest naval dockyard have not been addressed in time for special measures to be lifted, regulators have said.
A man wanted in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries and Galloway has been arrested.
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls in a playground, police have said.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Adams in their defeat at Norwich City.
A mother and her two-year-old son who were found dead in their home have been named by police.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more hospitals in England to allow dogs and other animals on wards.
Eating disorder charity Beat is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives after a BBC Watchdog investigation found that children were buying large quantities of the medicine in large quantities.
The UK's top trade minister has told the BBC that he wants Britain to have as free a trading relationship with the European Union as possible after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two more men as part of an investigation into the London terror attacks.
Teachers' pay and conditions should be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
A 17-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after the car she was travelling in crashed into a tree in a Perthshire park.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has attended the opening of a new exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp, marking the 70th anniversary of the Holocaust.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has risen by more than 50% in the past year, with more than 200 arriving in the last three months.
Former Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of public events to encourage people to get active.
One person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car during a large-scale Nato military exercise in Norway, police say.
At the scene of Friday's attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, where at least 188 people were killed and hundreds more injured, the mood is one of shock and anger.
Police in Italy have seized more than 1.5bn euros ($1.7bn; Â£1.2bn) in assets from a notorious criminal who made millions by altering gambling machines.
Two Australian men have been sentenced to three years in jail and eight strokes of the cane for vandalising a train in Singapore.
A project to protect the heritage of Snowdonia's Carneddau mountains has been given initial funding of more than £200,000.
North Korea has "strongly condemned" the US missile attack on a Syrian airbase, state media say.
Belfast Giants will host an all-star match against an Elite League All Star team for the first time in the club's history.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to dig up a former burial ground for the HS2 high-speed rail line.
Kent batsman Chris Stevens hit an unbeaten century to give his side a chance of securing second place in the County Championship after a rain-hit opening day against Essex.
Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has offered "every possible and necessary aid" to help the Syrian army in its fight against rebels, its leader has said.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in the autumn of 2018.
A large fire has broken out at an industrial estate in Surrey, forcing the closure of a major road in the area.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire, prompting a controlled explosion.
Police officers in Powys are set to start wearing body cameras for the first time in the force's history.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa for Comic Relief.
Scott Allan would be a "class act" to join Celtic if he was offered a move to Ibrox, according to former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson.
A woman has died in police custody after being found "unresponsive" in her cell in Lancashire.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt was "incredibly proud" of his side's fightback as they fought back from 17-0 down at the start of their Six Nations defeat by Argentina.
The father of a four-year-old Japanese boy who was left for six days by his parents as a punishment for throwing stones at cars has said he has apologised to his son and that he has forgiven him.
A pensioner has been given a community payback order after he was caught driving home from a pub in Aberdeenshire while more than four times over the drink-drive limit.
The owners of a derelict former hospital will not have to pay the £940,000 bill for restoration work carried out on the site in 2011.
An Israeli police officer has been placed on leave after a video emerged showing him abusing a Palestinian lorry driver in Jerusalem.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, according to former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
An employment agency has been accused of "sexism" after an advert for a personal assistant with a "b-c cup" was described as "appalling" by the Equality and Human Rights Commission.
More than half of English Christians do not believe in Jesus, according to a Church of England survey of more than 4,000 people.
The graves of four little girls killed when an unexploded German shell exploded at a Wrexham cottage 100 years ago are to be marked.
The daughter of Lord Janner, the former Labour peer accused of historical child sex abuse, has said it is an "outrage" that the inquiry into the allegations against him will not be cross-examined.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for the violence at his rallies after a series of clashes between his supporters and protesters.
People who read tabloids make less progress in vocabulary than those who read highbrow fiction, a study has found.
Grimsby Town have signed Scunthorpe United defender Chris Davis on a two-year deal following his departure from fellow National League side Scrubs.
Here are some of the #DogsAtPollingStations you may have seen on social media on the day of the general election.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Aid has arrived in Vanuatu to help those affected by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a woman who was dragged by the neck through the streets of a town in the northern city of Hannover.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places for the first time this season as goals from Liam Roberts and Darren Fletcher saw off Coventry at Oakwell.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor run of form should not be down to a lack of confidence.
In the summer of 1940, Mahatma Gandhi was in a very different place.
A man has been charged after two women were sexually assaulted at a block of flats in Edinburgh city centre.
A company set up by the Welsh government in Torfaen has gone into liquidation with the loss of hundreds of jobs.
A councillor who resigned as mayor after advocating for a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape should consider his future, a council leader has said.
American Jason Dufner will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational after holing an 18-foot eagle putt on the final hole to take a two-stroke lead.
Cyclists have been banned from riding in a Mansfield market place ahead of the Tour of Britain, a council has said.
Three Syrian refugees who overpowered a suspected terror suspect in the German city of Leipzig and tied him up are being hailed as heroes by the country's media and politicians.
The average wealth of working-age households in the UK rose by Â£7,000 between 2006 and 2012, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing anti-austerity party Podemos (We Can) and the Socialists (PSOE) are neck-and-neck in opinion polls ahead of June's general election.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee of £35m.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station in the early hours of Saturday.
Oil giant BP has announced that its profits for the three months to the end of September have fallen by more than a third, to $800m (£520m).
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from an academy in Manchester after failing to meet uniform standards, the BBC has learned.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is planning to make a film on the life of Indian boxer Mary Kom, who is from the north-eastern state of Manipur.
The new £1.35bn Queensferry Crossing could open by May 2017, six months earlier than previously planned, the project's boss has said.
Plans to end a legal defence for parents who smack their children have been branded "scaremongering" by a group of parents.
Wukan is a village in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong which has been at the centre of a long-running dispute with the government over the ownership of its land.
There's a saying in Hollywood that 'the greatest thing that can happen in a long time is that it doesn't happen.'
A Kent company has opened a £1.5m washing machine factory, the first of its kind in the UK.
US President Barack Obama has said David Cameron "could have done more" to help the Libyan people after the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi, in an interview.
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal that it will not be making any submissions to uphold a weapons conviction of an IRA man who was shot by police 32 years ago.
North Korea has sentenced an American man to life in prison with hard labour for "hostile acts" after he was found guilty of crimes against the state.
Motherwell midfielder Dom Thomas has joined League One side Dunfermline Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions secured their place in the Super 8s with a comfortable victory over Salford Red Devils, who missed out on third place in Super League.
Dame Barbara Windsor is to be played by Jaime Winstone in a BBC One biopic of her life, while Sam Spiro is to reprise her role as Babs Windsor in a one-off TV drama.
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken over several military bases in the capital, Abidjan, in the latest escalation of a week-long mutiny over pay.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have eliminated the so-called "tampon tax" on tampons and other feminine hygiene products.
The UK economy is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry.
You can spend several hours being jostled by French camera crews, squashed by Italian snappers, or shoved unceremoniously out of the way by any one of 27 other countries' journalists as the leaders of the European Union arrive at the EU summit in Brussels.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election.
Plans for a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
Scottish pig farmers are facing a "cash negative situation" because of a sharp fall in the price of the meat, according to a farming union.
At the other end of the spectrum, there are plenty of people making goods a little better, and more expensively.
Four men have been jailed after being found guilty of stealing £1m worth of signalling cable from Network Rail projects.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been found guilty of a misdemeanour charge of criminal mischief for throwing eggs at a neighbour's home.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist John Swinney looks at how the education system for children with disabilities is working.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens head of rugby Keiron Cunningham as their new director of rugby.
Tributes have been paid to Rod Temperton, the British songwriter best known for writing Michael Jackson's Thriller, who has died.
England one-day international Sarah Taylor has retired from international cricket to concentrate on her career in Australia.
Cardiff City striker Kenneth Zohore scored the only goal of the game as the Bluebirds made a winning start to the Championship season with victory at Burton Albion.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman died when she was hit by a bus.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack on a plane, her brother has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on a stretch of the M74 as part of a £1.2bn motorway upgrade project.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten half-century to put England in a strong position on day three of the fourth Test against South Africa at Old Trafford.
The sport of amputee football has been going for many years south of the border and now a charity is trying to spread the sport across Scotland.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan last year were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it will be "nice" to have a new contract with the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) over the summer.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says he is worried about the decline in the number of independent nurseries supplying supermarkets.
A 19-year-old diver has been rescued from the sea off the west coast of Scotland after getting into difficulty while underwater.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he knew there was nothing he could do for his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot dead in his home.
Israeli police have launched an investigation into alleged price-fixing involving trips for high school students to Auschwitz-Birkenau and other Holocaust sites.
Stuart McCall's first game in charge of Bradford ended in a draw as his side were held to a draw by Oldham at Valley Parade.
Former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has joined French Ligue 1 side Nice.
Dover moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a convincing victory over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against plans to build new student accommodation in the town.
Traffic management measures are set to come into force as part of a £1.2bn upgrade of Scotland's motorway network.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than as a criminal matter, a senior police and crime commissioner has said.
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that he would not do a post-election deal with the SNP if the price of power was doing so.
A record number of weddings were held in Gretna last year, according to official figures.
A mother who has been on the run with her five-year-old son for more than a month has been urged by police to contact them.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second public consultation on the future of two schools in Haverfordwest.
There's been a big rise in the number of people needing hospital treatment in the UK over the last few years.
The family of a boy scarred for life after he was mauled by a dog in Cardiff has been awarded £50,000 in compensation.
An 18-year-old man has died after falling from a statue in Devon.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest rise since 2006, according to the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
The flag of Admiral Lord Nelson's flagship HMS Victory at the Battle of Trafalgar has been discovered in a cupboard at a Pembrokeshire castle, its owner has said.
A British student has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates after being found with drugs in a car in Dubai.
The police have handed over to a US university transcripts of a former loyalist prisoner's account of the Troubles to detectives investigating the murder of Jean McConville.
Russia's Evgeny Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal at Rio 2016 after failing a drugs test.
Benik Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to draw with Watford at Vicarage Road.
It is "more important than ever" for Welsh communities to spread the message of "togetherness and unity" over Christmas, the first minister has said.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with new anti-doping rules for next year's Games in Rio.
"I don't want to be too sinister because social media is supposed to be fun."
CCTV footage of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe siege in Sydney has been released as part of an inquest into the death of a hostage.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being sold to two Turkish firms.
Salford Red Devils have signed Ireland international Tyrone McCarthy from Wigan Warriors for the start of next season.
A 23-year-old man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire factory.
Syria has submitted its final declaration of its chemical weapons stockpile to the international watchdog overseeing the destruction of the country's arsenal.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could be a "fundamental" treatment for the disease, doctors say.
A bookshop described as one of the best in the world has launched an appeal to raise £5,000 to pay for structural work to keep it standing.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
The government's plans to give English MPs an effective veto on laws exclusively affecting England have been defeated in the House of Lords.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for six months.
The Cypriot parliament is due to vote on Sunday on a bailout deal agreed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Two climbers have climbed to the summits of St Kilda's two highest sea stacks - Stac Lee and Stac an Armin.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught by a Cardiff speed camera since it was installed more than three years ago.
The inquests into the deaths of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened and adjourned at Manchester Crown Court.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has been ordered to pay damages to a construction firm after it failed to secure a multi-million pound contract.
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwblhau yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas ar gyfer
A Derbyshire GP who carried out a series of "brutal and sustained" knife attacks on patients has had his jail term increased from five to 10 years.
Two disabled people have won the right to a judicial review into the government's handling of their welfare payments.
David Cameron has defended the government's record on tax in his first Prime Minister's Questions since the Mossack Fonseca leak.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart in what police are treating as a case of attempted murder.
Teachers' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and their employers in a long-running dispute over pay.
Fewer than half of nurseries and childminders say they will be able to provide free childcare for three and four-year-olds under the government's new scheme, a survey suggests.
It may be their signature pose, but how and why flamingos are able to stand unsupported on one leg has been explained by scientists.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a woman in Londonderry.
The RMT union has said it will accept a pay offer from London Underground in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions for the new Night Tube service.
The mother of Madeleine McCann, who went missing in Portugal in 2007, has begun a cycle ride across the UK in a bid to raise money for charity.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the president of the country, her lawyer says.
A search has been carried out for a man reported missing off the coast of East Lothian.
Plans to increase the number of restaurants at a £1bn shopping and leisure complex have been approved by councillors.
Venezuela's Supreme Court has been condemned by Latin American countries after it ordered the suspension of the country's controversial National Assembly.
Councils in Wales should not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a park in Birmingham.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported their busiest January on record following a strong start to the year.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
It's been a day when Europe's finance ministers and the Cypriot government have been at loggerheads over how to deal with the crisis in Cyprus.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe in connection with the killing of a lion in the country's Hwange National Park.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the military after they were filmed carrying British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Labour has gained Tatton from the Conservatives in Cheshire, with the party holding all but one of its Cheshire seats.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency, Sana, has said.
A double-decker bus has crashed into a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water in North Lanarkshire.
A man who bludgeoned a Romanian woman to death in a "brutal and senseless" attack has been jailed for life for her murder.
Scotland has missed its annual greenhouse gas emissions target for the fourth year in a row, according to official figures.
How did King Arthur come to be, and who is he now?
The HS2 high speed rail project is planning to close more than 200 weekends over the next five years, a campaign group has claimed.
A lorry driver who killed a three-year-old girl and seriously injured her mother in a crash has been jailed for six years and four months.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his refusal to attend a Commons hearing.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was burnt to death in a suspected petrol bomb attack at a house in Stockport.
Workers in east London are to be able to work in a tree for free as part of a scheme to raise money for parks and open spaces.
Australia is scrapping knighthoods and damehoods, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 26-24 in a dramatic Super Bowl 50 half-time show at the Super Bowl in Houston, Texas.
A Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has been given a sneak preview of the film at London's Royal Albert Hall.
Leeds United have signed midfielder Milan Benedicic on a two-year deal following his release by AC Milan.
A construction worker working on an arts centre in Gwynedd has told BBC Wales the building is a "mess" and will not open until June.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon, where armed militia men have been occupying a government building for more than a week.
A charity set up in memory of a teenage girl who was murdered 16 years ago is to end after its 16th anniversary.
A man in his 20s has died after being hit by a car in Ballymena, County Antrim.
A group of protesters have confronted Orange Order priest Fr Michael Donegan during a parade in Londonderry.
Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev has raised its takeover offer for rival SABMiller, but the brewer has rejected the offer as "very substantially undervalues" the company.
An all-white humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted making its way up Australia's east coast.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has said the Scottish government will not be "sacrificed" to the chancellor's "austerity obsession".
A court in Denmark has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for selling details of public events to a popular magazine.
Huddersfield Town defender Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for headbutting Manchester United's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain cut to six games after being found guilty of violent conduct.
Former England batsman James Taylor and former Northants batsman David Sales have joined Northamptonshire as part of their coaching staff.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia can recover from their poor start to the season.
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart's future is a "big concern" for England manager Sam Allardyce, who wants more English players to play for their club before playing for the national team.
Chesterfield moved out of the League One relegation zone as Conor O'Shea's second-half strike saw off Port Vale at Chesterfield.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second largest economy.
A peer has been found guilty of making racially aggravated comments about Gina Miller on Facebook after he offered a reward of Â£5,000 for the first person to "accidentally" run over her.
The number of people killed on Britain's roads rose by almost 40% in the year to September 2015, with the number of deaths in England and Wales rising by 3%, according to official figures.
More than half of Scottish firms believe leaving the European Union could lead to a decrease in investment and expansion plans, according to a survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game against Chelsea.
France's two centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over social and economic reforms in their final TV debate before Sunday's primary vote.
A father's involvement with his baby can improve the child's cognitive development, a study suggests.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "proud" of the government's record on free school meals and will honour its general election manifesto pledge to fund all infant children's meals.
Residents in Pembrokeshire could have their black bin bags collected three times a week in a bid to save money.
A man in the US state of California has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A football club has become the second in the UK to go vegan in the past year.
Dundee have signed former Motherwell and St Mirren midfielder Paul van Zanten on a one-year contract.
World number one Novak Djokovic will play Dominic Thiem in the French Open semi-finals on Friday after defending champion Serena Williams was knocked out in the quarter-finals.
MSPs on the Holyrood finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plans to change the top two council tax bands.
Burnley defender Michael Keane is available to face Hull after missing the FA Cup win over Lincoln because of a hamstring injury.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans, BBC Radio 5 live understands.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of an RAF veteran who served in World War Two after an advert in a local newspaper was shared on social media.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson missed out on her first major international high jump title as she finished third at the IAAF World Indoor Championships in London.
A British man who was on board the train that was attacked by a gunman in Arras, France, on Friday has spoken of the horror of being locked away by train staff who did nothing to help passengers.
A Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 83 after a long battle with arthritis.
The United States women's World Cup football team is to be paraded through New York City on Wednesday to celebrate their historic victory in the tournament.
A funeral has been held in the Republic of Ireland for two brothers who were found dead in a car driven by their father.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child under the age of 13.
Plans for a new £10m post-16 centre for young people in Torfaen have been approved by councillors.
Photographs showing the aftermath of the Dambusters raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Germany have been sold at auction.
A Dumfries and Galloway butcher has come up with an unusual way to celebrate Easter.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future at the club is "over" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in the 1-0 win over Stoke.
A Russian conductor has given a concert in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra in protest against Islamic State (IS) militants who destroyed the city last year.
The Metropolitan Opera in New York has cancelled a performance of an opera about the 1985 hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants, citing "genuine concern" from the Jewish community.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says he wants to be part of a Rangers-Hibernian "wow factor" in the Scottish Premiership next season.
The UK is sending a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world by cutting subsidies for renewable energy, the UN's climate change chief has said.
Prof Shigeru Arai, a Japanese researcher, has developed a robot that can read and write.
Militants in Syria say they have captured the pilot of a Syrian military jet that crashed in the north of the country on Sunday, killing himself and at least one other pilot.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the Toulon head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
The man who has provided the voice of Muppet Kermit the Frog for more than 30 years is to step down from his role, according to reports.
Police investigating the death of a 23-year-old man in Wishaw have said they are "confident" the answer to his death lies within the local community of Larkhall.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis after its tow line snapped.
A drink-driver who caused the death of a teenager in a car crash in Cambridgeshire has been jailed for six years.
Widnes Vikings can turn their poor start to the Super League season around, according to assistant coach Chris Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black has dropped midfielder Martin Olsson after the player refused to play for the club following their relegation from the Premier League.
A house in Londonderry has been set alight in the early hours of Sunday morning in what police are treating as a hate crime.
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru are set to highlight their opposition to Labour's manifesto pledges in the run-up to the general election.
A female swan shot in the head with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the Scottish SPCA.
A new body has been set up to oversee the registration and regulation of non-formal teachers and learning support staff in Wales.
Amnesty International has said it is "deeply concerned" by reports that Saudi Arabia is planning to execute dozens of people in the coming days.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a ranch in the US state of New Mexico after apparently getting "mad" at the sale of some of their stable-mates.
Four men have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty on a cliff on the Isle of Skye.
An MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in a pro-independence campaign will not face any further action because of "insufficient evidence".
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in May's assembly election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure can improve mental and physical health, according to a new report.
Formula 1 team boss Christian Horner says he is "amazed" Silverstone has triggered a break clause in its contract to host the British Grand Prix.
A lifeboat station in south Wales has installed a high-definition camera to monitor sea conditions.
United Airlines is offering millions of dollars in rewards to hackers who report security holes in its websites.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A new study has found that horses' heart rates rise when they see angry or happy faces.
More than 1,000 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past year, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being stabbed in a street attack in East Lothian.
Charles scored a late winner as Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as they were held to a draw by 10-man Levante.
Ben Davies scored the only goal of the game as Tottenham came from behind to beat Aston Villa and reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his players have created a club record of 25 wins out of 30 Premier League matches.
A drug which could cut the risk of HIV infection by up to 86% is to be trialled on the NHS in Wales.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban from the Games.
Social housing contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
Transport for London (TfL) has said it has hired more than 1,000 extra staff for the Night Tube.
A wood fire which has been burning for more than a month has been brought under control after it burst into a fresh blaze in Cardiff.
The public inquiry into historical child abuse in Westminster should be scrapped and replaced with a "stronger" body, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are BBC Parliament's daily and Sunday political programme, with guests from across the political spectrum.
White teenagers at English schools now have the lowest application rate of any ethnic group for university places, according to figures from the admissions service Ucas.
Hull KR fought back from 22-14 down at half-time to deny Halifax a first Super League win of the season.
A baby who died of sepsis after being born at home could have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her twin brother at a new play park in South Lanarkshire.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended the paramilitary theme at her grandmother's funeral, saying it was what she wanted.
JogScotland has said it is "devastated" and "shocked" after the Scottish government announced it is to withdraw £100,000 of funding.
When I caught up with Gavin Robinson in the leafy streets just outside the Stormont estate where he is standing in the East Belfast by-election he was accompanied by a dog.
A fourth Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End musical version of the film Made in Dagenham, the producers have confirmed.
England's collapse on the final day of the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was not down to the pitch.
Two brothers have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 sheep from neighbouring farms.
The Greek prime minister has said that the "vicious circle of Cold War rhetoric and sanctions" against Russia is "not productive".
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy surrounding the use of banned substances by some of his riders.
One of Russia's best-known journalists, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his flat in St Petersburg.
The surviving crew of Pan Am Flight 73 have spoken for the first time about the last few hours of the hijacking of the plane in 1986.
The "potentially perilous state" of British policing is being put at risk by an "unconscious form of rationing", the police watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham goalkeeper Marek Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): Shares in advertising giant WPP and energy giant National Grid were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday, after the companies announced they were cutting their dividends.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a teenage girl who was bullied online before she took her own life.
Olympic bronze medallist Aneurin Bevan says he still has a "small chance" of competing at the 2016 Games despite breaking his leg in training.
Two people have been killed in a two-vehicle crash in Caithness.
The search for a man who went missing while out for a run in Powys has been called off for the night.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce was "outwitted" and "outplayed" by Chelsea in their goalless draw at Stamford Bridge, according to Blues boss Jose Mourinho.
The UN's special envoy to Syria has warned that the peace process in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae arweinydd Plaid Cymru yn dilyn cyhoeddiad ar ôl Brexit wedi dweud bod "angen i Gymru benderfynu ar ei dyfodol" ar annibyniaeth i'r
Northampton's George North says the British and Irish Lions need to "kick on" from their opening two matches of their New Zealand tour to build momentum ahead of the three-Test series against New Zealand.
A bomb disposal team has carried out a controlled explosion after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found in Sheffield.
A song written for the England football team that won the 1982 World Cup has been re-released 30 years after it was shelved by the record label.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school for allegedly insulting Islam after a video of him being humiliated went viral on social media.
Environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have said they are "shocked and surprised" at the scale of cuts to their funding.
When it comes to food, Indian restaurants are no different from any other in the world.
Equiniti has become the first Scottish company to win a contract from Her Majesty's Passport Office to provide a cloud-based time and attendance system.
The US Coast Guard has expanded its search for two teenage boys who went missing after their boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office as the second storm to hit the UK this week.
The Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to the Crumlin Road parade ruling, the organisation's chief executive has said.
Plans to redevelop Bristol City's Ashton Gate will go ahead in May, the club's majority shareholder has confirmed.
There was a time when by-elections were a speciality of the Liberal Democrats, but not any more.
Roberto Martinez says he will "treasure this period" as Everton manager "forever" as he thanked the club and chairman Bill Kenwright for his time at Goodison Park.
Newport County have signed midfielder Luke Compton and defender Lee Rigg as they continue to strengthen their squad ahead of the new League Two season.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, we take a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the history of Welsh football.
Rome's city council has ordered the removal of padlocks attached to a bridge in the Italian capital in a bid to protect it from vandalism.
Friends of a British man who was murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" after his wife was arrested on suspicion of his murder.
When Garry Ringrose makes his Six Nations debut for Ireland against Italy in Dublin on Saturday, it will be the latest chapter in the story of the man who has been dubbed the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has returned to the UK stage for the first time since her Las Vegas residency ended last year, but her performance in London was a mixed bag.
Skye missed out on the chance to go top of the Premiership for the first time this season as they drew 1-1 at home to Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
G Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) in damages to former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan after a video of him having sex with a woman was posted online.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has given his backing to Colum Eastwood in the race to be the party's next leader.
The AirAsia plane crash in Malaysia was the latest in a series of tragedies that have hit the aviation industry in recent years.
A Pablo Picasso portrait of a young woman and a Van Gogh landscape by Vincent van Gogh have been among the most expensive paintings at auction in New York.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence to speed up the discovery of new drugs and speed up clinical trials.
Wales' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 quarter-finals ended with a 2-0 defeat by Portugal in their last-16 tie.
A six-year-old girl who drowned in a Blackpool hotel swimming pool was rescued by a hotel guest and an off-duty paramedic, an inquest has heard.
A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and beating him to death in a village near the eastern city of Abbottabad, police say.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says the Elite League play-off semi-finals are "the hardest thing to win".
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after a number of cases of flu were confirmed.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid for information on 51 players under the age of 18 in order to find out if they have broken transfer rules.
John Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Hibernian beyond the end of the season after making his debut for the club on Saturday.
More than half a million motorists have been caught speeding in a Leicestershire village in the past year, according to a campaign group.
French energy group EDF has reported a 7% fall in first-quarter profits to €1.6bn (£1.3bn) as sales fell 7% to €21.4bn.
Five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the world's top snooker player any more.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship from March 2012 to March 2017.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech to Liverpool's fans on Monday night was as much about his departure from Anfield as it was about his time at the club.
Northern Ireland's justice minister has said he has been assured the government will honour its promise to provide extra funding for institutions that deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Spain's Catalonia region is at the centre of a political crisis over its bid to break away from the rest of the country.
A decision on a £100m development on a former airfield site in Guildford is "unlikely" to be made before the end of the year, a councillor has said.
Two Londonderry-based water rescue charities have been awarded grants totalling more than £40,000 to help fund their work.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at the Waverley cafe in which two women were killed by a gunman.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been found guilty of misconduct but has been cleared of gross misconduct.
The Football Association of England and Scotland have said they will allow their players to wear poppies on armbands during their game against Northern Ireland on Saturday.
The search for survivors of a Venezuelan military helicopter that crashed on Thursday has resumed, the country's defence minister has said.
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been confirmed as that of missing woman Stephanie Stevenson, police have said.
Keaton Jennings hit his first Championship century of the season as Durham were bowled out for 256 before James Onions and James Rushworth took three wickets for Somerset on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United have been banned from keeping any material seized in the recent tax fraud raids at their stadium and grounds.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs in a bid to help a group of school principals fight proposed cuts to education.
Blackpool have signed former York City and York City left-back Ben Davies on a one-year contract.
A petition calling for a referendum on directly elected mayors to be introduced to Bath and North East Somerset Council has been given the go-ahead.
A body found in an oil drum in a river in Malaysia has been confirmed as that of a Brazilian medical officer who went missing after being abducted last month, police say.
A murder inquiry has been launched into the deaths of a mother and son who were shot dead at a flat in south-west London.
England head coach Leonie Powell says her side's 2-0 win over Japan in their final group game at the Women's World Cup has put them in the quarter-finals.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Apprentice Boys parade in Londonderry.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Westwood on loan until the end of the season.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has said.
Welsh scientists are hoping to develop a mead which could help protect people from food poisoning.
The Northern Ireland Executive is being investigated by the European Commission over whether it is breaking EU rules on water charges.
Two memorials have been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier.
A psychiatrist who investigated the effects of Gulf War Syndrome on military personnel has been appointed a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth left-back Chris Hollands on a one-month loan deal.
Voters in Colombia are going to the polls to elect a new president in the second round of the country's presidential election.
The director of the Marie Stopes abortion clinic in Belfast, Dawn Purvis, is to step down next month.
England's Jamie Simpson lost 4-3 to Egypt's Ahmed El-Khalifa in the second round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in Abu Dhabi.
Ross Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone beat Hamilton Academical to move level on points with second-placed Hearts at the top of the Premiership.
A man has been charged with murder after the body of a student was found in a burning car.
Richie Ramsay said he had no regrets about missing out on the chance to win his first European Tour title at Castle Stuart last night.
Leinster moved back to the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused the UK government of being "nonsensical" and "ridiculous" over its plans for Brexit.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will "get on with" introducing the Night Tube, despite union leaders saying the service will not be launched this year.
NHS Grampian has been asked to improve staffing levels in some wards at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary.
Sri Lanka has said it will not co-operate with a UN-led inquiry into alleged war crimes committed during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels.
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Butterfield won Great Britain's first gold medal of the World Para-athletics Championships with victory in the women's F51 shot put.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there will be "no veto" for Wales in the negotiations over the UK's departure from the European Union.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs are increasing the risk of malaria in parts of the world where the disease is prevalent, a study suggests.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi, a type of rice cake.
Teachers at an under-performing academy in East Yorkshire are taking part in a second strike in less than a month.
Two US states, the District of Columbia and Maryland, have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump, accusing him of violating the constitution by accepting payments from foreign governments.
A police training centre has been paid for by a £30,000 donation from the proceeds of crime fund.
Two Telford schools run by the same trust have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her four-month-old son from his home in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed Lithuanian midfielder Tomas Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has revealed her Christmas plans for this year, including watching Doctor Who and Agatha Christie on Christmas Eve.
Australia is set to become the first country to export live cattle to China, the country's agriculture minister has said.
Police searching for a missing airman have released CCTV images of three teenagers they want to speak to in connection with his disappearance.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games by the Football Association after being sent off for elbowing.
Dinamo Bucharest will send the Romanian Cup trophy to Cameroon if they win the final in memory of Patrick Ekeng, who died after collapsing on the pitch.
Mainland media are largely ignoring Bo Xilai, the disgraced former Chinese politician accused of bribery and corruption, as he denies the charges against him.
An 86-year-old man who has Parkinson's disease has said he will not be able to walk without help after his mobility scooter broke down.
The States of Guernsey spent more than £1.1m on advertising and public relations in the past year, according to new figures.
Great Britain's Bryony Dickson has won a silver medal in the women's trampolining.
Welsh Labour leadership contender Owen Smith has said he would have voted for the Iraq war had he been in parliament in 2003.
A former Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of abusing boys at Inverness Catholic School in the 1970s and 80s.
A schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open a library in Birmingham dedicated to her campaign for girls' education.
A senior Russian prison official has been arrested on suspicion of stealing millions of dollars by dismantling and selling off a state-funded road in a corruption scandal, officials say.
The United Nations Security Council has agreed to send more than 200 police officers to Burundi to help tackle violence in the country.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Blaenau Gwent.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Luton Town beat Leyton Orient to secure their first League Two win of the season.
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be praised for its "good work" after she won her third medal at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Toyota is to help fund the development of the world's smallest flying car, according to reports.
A 92-year-old woman who has been living with her daughter in the UK for more than two years has been told she can appeal against her expulsion from the country.
The prime minister has said the police in Northern Ireland will be "properly resourced" in the face of a terrorist threat.
Super League player Paul Tickle is in a stable condition in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire company has been fined £50,000 after a worker was crushed to death when a telehandler he was driving crashed into a shipping container.
Algeria midfielder Abdelhamid Mbolhi has joined Turkish Super Lig side Galatasaray from Turkish side Fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee.
A bid to buy a former Ceredigion primary school site and turn it into a community car park has been launched.
Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by struggling Colchester United.
Tranmere Rovers boss Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after being relegated from the National League.
A car dealer has been fined for placing a vintage Ferrari on the Mews in west London.
A doctor in Tanzania is training boda boda drivers to be first-responders in emergencies, in a bid to cut the number of road accidents on Tanzania's roads.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, boosted by housebuilders and a possible takeover bid for ITV.
Men are more likely to get a pay rise than women when they ask for one, a study of workplace relations in Australia has found.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train in Moray.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by the PSNI as part of its investigation into the Bloody Sunday killings.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn, Heddlu Dyfed Powys a'r Gweithgor Iechyd a Diogelwch yn cynnal ymchwiliad yng Nghastell Martin yn Sir Ben
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former MP to life in prison for his role in the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Fulham and Luton Town defender David Lawless on a one-year deal.
A science and technology centre which has attracted millions of visitors over the past 30 years has been given more time to prepare for a funding cut by the Welsh Government.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco International Airport and scaling the wing of the aircraft before running away.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose remains were found in the grounds of a golf club in Edinburgh have said they still do not know why she travelled to the city.
A group of nine people, including six children, have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross the border into Syria, Turkish officials say.
Italian rider Franck Petricola has died after crashing during practice at the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday night.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at a campaign in India against sexist remarks made by a Hindu priest about menstruating women.
A holidaymaker who died after eating a strawberry sorbet on holiday in Greece died of an anaphylactic shock, an inquest has heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for five years for indecently assaulting a 14-year old girl after meeting her on a social networking site.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen for the first time in three months, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 is home to some of the most famous names in motorsport, but how many of them do you know?
Police are appealing for information after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali's Vuelta a Espana title hopes were dealt a blow as he was disqualified from stage two after being involved in a crash while holding a water bottle.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title of the season at the Aegon International in Birmingham.
A 12-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past decade, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Piers Piper are to return for the show's 50th anniversary special, it has been announced.
Two rockets have been fired at the southern Israeli city of Eilat from across the border in Egypt, Israeli police say.
It was the book that first made Australia known as The Lucky Country.
It is 20 years since the start of the first Gulf War - a conflict that, in many ways, marks the beginning of the end of the Cold War.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in the Irish capital, Dublin, to protest against the government's handling of the EU referendum.
Wales hooker James Hook will return to Ospreys from Gloucester at the end of the season after signing a new deal with the Premiership club.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken for the first time about the time she was fat-shamed on set.
Concerns have been raised over plans for a biomass power plant and student accommodation in Norwich.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married and is already looking forward to starting a family.
ITV's award-winning drama Broadchurch is to return for its final series later this year, the network has announced.
Dumfries and Galloway was celebrating a momentous occasion in its history last week.
The chief executive of an NHS trust criticised for poor patient care at a Sussex hospital has resigned.
A new set of traffic lights are to be installed at a busy junction after a rise in the number of injuries caused by roadworks.
When Russian opposition activist Boris Nemtsov was shot dead last year, his colleagues said they were working on a report on the cost of the conflict in Ukraine.
Prisoners at HMP Dumfries and Galloway in South Lanarkshire have their own rooms.
John Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry for more than 40 years.
Cigarette and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£100,000 has been seized in Skegness.
Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations have ended with a spectacular New Year's Eve street party on Calton Hill.
Up to 32,000 people will be evacuated from their homes in the German city of Augsburg on Sunday after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found, officials say.
One of the largest groups of land-based vertebrates, which includes crocodiles and turtles, may not have been able to give birth to live babies, a study suggests.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen to its highest level for more than a decade, according to the latest figures.
What should government do when things go badly for one group of people?
The crew of a speedboat which crashed in Portsmouth Harbour were not wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died in a plane crash in France has heard the pilot may have made a sharp turn while trying to right the aircraft.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said the UK's policy in Syria has been hampered by "wishful thinking".
Stephen Hawking is to give the first of the annual BBC Reith Lectures, in which he will examine the nature of black holes.
More than 1,000 schools and academy trusts in England are in debt, according to the government's response to a question from the Liberal Democrats.
A 24-hour strike by airport ground workers in Chile has ended after the government and union agreed to resume talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pensions.
Copenhagen police say they believe a submarine owned by a Danish inventor may have deliberately sunk after a Swedish journalist went missing while on a trip with him.
Citizens Advice is calling for a mandatory three-month limit on back bills for energy customers who have not paid their bills for more than 12 months.
A fatal accident inquiry into the death of a boy who was crushed to death by a gravestone in a Glasgow cemetery has heard that up to 900 headstones were deemed unsafe.
For the first time, MI6 is taking on the James Bond image on the silver screen, as part of a drive to recruit more women and ethnic minorities.
Dixons Carphone, the owner of Carphone Warehouse, Currys and PC World, has reported a rise in annual profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has signed a one-year contract extension with Middlesex until the end of the 2017 season.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with another state-owned firm in a move that would create the country's biggest steelmaker.
Arsenal's performance in the FA Cup final was the best I have seen from Arsene Wenger's team since he took charge of the Gunners.
In 1947, India and Pakistan were split into two new countries called Pakistan and India.
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said it would be "unwise" for a new body to be set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland.
Zesco United of Zambia came from behind to draw 2-2 away to Cairo's Al Ahly of Egypt and keep alive their hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media to focus on his music.
A boy who suffered severe brain injuries when he was left brain-damaged after being treated by two GPs and a paramedic has been awarded £2.3m in compensation.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he accepts responsibility for his side's 3-1 defeat by Sevilla in the Europa League final in Basel.
Hundreds of students in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school examinations, local media reports say.
James Pattinson took a career-best five-wicket haul as Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 95 runs in the first Test in Perth to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the United States have been working together for more than 30 years to find new ways to fight malaria, onchocerciasis and lymphatic filariasis.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for the French rail and energy firm Alstom.
Hampshire's former England Test batsman Michael Carberry has made his first appearance of the new season after recovering from cancer treatment.
A council chief executive who won a defamation case against a blogger has not been told if he will keep any damages he won, BBC Wales has learned.
Rising Star won the Grand National at Aintree for the first time in his career.
Bolton Wanderers and Birmingham City played out a goalless draw in their opening Championship game of the season at St Andrew's.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as they were beaten by a Netherlands side that will not even be in France this summer.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has urged fans to "do not panic" and give his players a chance to rediscover their form.
There are few sporting rivalries as passionate as the one between Northern Ireland and Italy, and there are few rivalries that can rival those between the two countries' supporters.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a two-vehicle crash in Powys.
Libya will not be able to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the country.
The Great Yorkshire Run is one of the biggest sporting events in the UK, taking place in Yorkshire every year.
Lily James says she was "slightly cynical" about the idea of putting zombies into Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice and Zombies - but now she wants to be an action hero forever more.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for next month's European Team Championships in Finland as she has already committed to a race in Sligo next week.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his side's second-half defending after they were held to a goalless draw by Dundee.
A fire on the set of EastEnders has not affected the 30th anniversary episode of the soap opera, the BBC has said.
In the wake of India's Paralympic silver medal at the London Games, the world's media has been congratulating the country for its achievements and calling for a change in attitude towards disabled people.
A social worker who viewed pornography while working for Essex County Council has been sacked for gross misconduct.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager for the second time after just one season in charge of the Premier League club.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has been sacked by the club following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
A man from North Lanarkshire has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of defrauding the taxman out of more than £500,000.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters were turned away from polling stations on election day because their names were not on the electoral register.
A woman from West Midlands has become the first person in the world to bake a giant Land Rover cake for a Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) event.
The Liberal Democrats have changed the name of their general election campaign website after it was mistaken for an estate agency run by the Conservatives.
Barcelona has agreed to pay a €5.5m (£4.9m) fine over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators with long-standing pro-gun views have called for a ban on assault weapons after the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, which left 20 people dead.
Shale gas extraction can be safely done in the UK, according to a report by leading scientists.
The Statue of Liberty in New York City has been evacuated after reports of a "suspicious package" near its base.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for the " hoarseness" of his voice in a television interview on Monday.
Dundee United have signed striker Frank Nouble and defender Chris Herd on one-year deals, with the option of a further 12 months.
Tottenham Hotspur are "a long way" from agreeing a deal with the Football Association to play home games at Wembley, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the world's most recognisable symbols of tropical beauty.
UK industrial production fell into recession in the first quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for an investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre after they came under fire from security forces.
It's that time of year when many of us start thinking about how we are going to spend our festive money.
Families of the Birmingham Six who were killed on Bloody Sunday will not be able to claim legal aid until their lawyers are based in England and Wales, the government has said.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has turned down the offer of a state funeral for legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud, who has died.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq to help in the fight against Islamist militants, the White House has said in a statement.
The body of a man has been found off the coast of St Fergus in the Moray Firth in the search for missing Inverness teenager James Mitchell.
Growth in UK house prices picked up in the three months to the end of December, according to the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Australia's Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a new rule to be introduced in Scottish football.
A man has been found dead after a fire broke out at a house in south-east London.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody in the southern Indian city of Bangalore after being charged with the murder of a student and the attempted murder of another.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a mass bandstand marathon to mark the 10th anniversary of the Olympic Games.
I have been out and about, travelling, and watching other travellers recently.
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused a health board of having a "culture of complacency" about its financial management.
A woman has died after the car she was travelling in was hit by a train in north-eastern France.
A Nigerian woman who was one of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped more than two years ago has been reunited with her family, the military says.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has confirmed that 900 Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016 will have access to a new online portal for the tournament.
Scotland will have 50 athletes at this summer's Olympic Games in Rio, the highest number since London 2012.
BBC Persian staff have been subjected to "increased levels of intimidation" from the Iranian authorities in recent months, the BBC's director in Iran has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has urged the UK government to take "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the Calais camp.
Mali's government has asked MPs to provide military support to protect an endangered species of elephant from poachers in the north of the country.
Welsh Prime Minister Carwyn Jones is to become the first female commanding officer of The Royal Welsh to attend a parade at Cardiff Arms Park.
Anastasia Deyeva has become the latest young woman to find herself in the spotlight in Ukraine, but not everyone is happy about it.
Prisoners with mental health problems were put on a waiting list because there was "no service" to meet their needs, a former mental health nurse has claimed.
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to "work as hard as they can" to get back to winning ways as they look to end a poor run of form in the Championship.
More and more allegations have emerged over the past few years about undercover police officers who infiltrated protest groups and gathered information on MPs, trade union activists and the families of murdered children.
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa have said they will take legal action against Ofcom over the regulator's decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win a third term in office in Sunday's elections, according to preliminary results from the country's electoral institute.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could be Manchester United's "holy grail" signing if he joins the club from Paris St-Germain, according to a football expert.
The first Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) hybrid ferry to be built at the Ferguson Marine shipyard in Inverness has been launched.
A-level results day can be a stressful time for many students, as they wait to find out if they have got the grades they need to secure a university place.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices ended the year with losses of more than 30%.
David Cameron will have to stand down as prime minister at some point in the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Komla Dumor reflects on the year that was.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Obeikan, has been removed from his post.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to Yucaipa in a deal worth about Â£150m.
An Australian health official has been appointed as the new chief executive of one of Wales' largest health boards.
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has signed for Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Kanye West and Sir Paul McCartney for a new song called Four Five Seconds.
The top police officer in the US city of Baltimore has been removed from his post amid criticism of the force's handling of recent riots.
The number of prescriptions for Roaccutane, a drug used to treat acne, has more than doubled in the past three years, figures show.
The Peruvian army has arrested two suspected members of the left-wing Shining Path rebel group and freed more than 30 captives, the defence ministry says.
Tributes have been paid to a pilot who died when his Folland Gnat aircraft crashed during an aerial display at the CarFest festival.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan, Afghan officials say.
US President Donald Trump is expected to announce plans to pull out all 8,400 US troops from the war in Afghanistan on Tuesday, in his first major national security speech since taking office.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, with Ryanair and Barratt Developments leading the way after the airline reported better-than-expected profits.
Ricky Burns' victory over Michele Di Rocco was the culmination of a remarkable turnaround in fortunes.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence to support a United Nations report that accused it of committing crimes against humanity against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Victims' rights are being ignored in the criminal justice system, the victims' commissioner for England and Wales has said.
An Australian author has said she was taken by surprise when she received an email telling her she had won a prestigious US literary award.
A 102-year-old German doctor has won back the doctorate she was denied by the Nazis in 1938 because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee.
A 25-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash in Fife.
The number of homes repossessed by lenders in England and Wales fell by 5% in the second quarter of the year, according to new figures.
The Labour Party has held the Bridgend and Conwy West seat in the 2016 general election.
Byron Rhodes is taking me around the modern council headquarters in Derbyshire's Melton Mowbray.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
One of the UK's largest tour operators is to stop offering trips to traditional zoos, saying they are "no longer relevant".
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of shows in Las Vegas next year as part of his residency at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.
A wildlife charity has called for anglers to be banned from fishing at a country park in East Sussex after a rise in the number of injured birds at the site.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand will go down in history as one of the greatest tours in the history of rugby union.
Vigilante paedophile hunters should be banned from the UK, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says his side must "respond quickly" to their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth as they look to climb out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Firefighters are continuing to tackle a blaze at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council has said it is seeking quotes for repairs to public toilets in Uig and Skye after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae dyn wedi dweud ei bod o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind yn Aberystwyth, yn ôl crwner Ceredigion.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a one-year contract extension with the Elite League champions until the end of the 2018-19 season.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten half-century to help his side take control of the third Test against West Indies.
Rupert Murdoch has been branded "not fit" to run a media company by MPs after an inquiry into phone hacking at the News of the World.
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of the "horrifying" way their deaths were recorded on social media.
A fresh strike by Southern rail workers has begun for a third time in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld yn debyg bod y ddau yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara aur, gyda'r rhif VRN.
A jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has been dismissed and the case adjourned until tomorrow.
Sweden has become the latest country to experiment with the shortening of the work day, with a series of pilot projects targeting nurses and other employees with high levels of burnout.
Petrochemical giant Ineos has said it is "one step closer" to restarting the KG ethylene cracker at its Grangemouth plant.
League One strugglers Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby girl from Bristol who has a rare form of meningitis are raising money for her treatment.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a two-year deal.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant says it will need up to nine months to bring the plant to ''cold shutdown''.
Liberty House, the owner of the UK scrap metal business, is set to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's UK operations, the BBC has learned.
The Vatican has not responded to the French government's nomination of a gay man as its new ambassador to the Vatican, in a move seen as a test for Pope Francis.
Rangers beat Celtic 3-2 on penalties to set up a Scottish Cup final against Celtic after a 2-2 draw at Ibrox on Saturday.
A man and woman have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler who was found with more than 100 injuries.
The daughter of actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year, is suing Porsche, claiming the carmaker took safety shortcuts that could have prevented his death.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help artisans whose stalls were destroyed by explosions at a fireworks market on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a leap forward in the search for a universal flu vaccine that could protect against all types of the virus.
The state of readiness of inquests into some of Northern Ireland's most controversial killings has been assessed as part of a review into the handling of legacy inquests.
More than 3,000 people were killed and thousands more were injured when a tsunami hit the Indian Ocean off the coast of Sri Lanka, killing more than 2,500 people.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has said the prime minister remains "resolved" on his plan to ban EU migrants from claiming benefits for four years.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has received rave reviews from fans and critics following its world premiere.
The "inhumane" conditions at a prison where two inmates escaped through a cell window are putting the safety of staff and prisoners at risk, a watchdog has said.
US President Donald Trump has appointed his daughter Ivanka Trump to a White House position, the first adult child of a US president to work in the administration.
A pub in a Derbyshire village has been bought by a group of villagers who raised more than £300,000 to turn it into a free house.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to improve the way it deals with reports of racism on the site.
The M4 Black Route has been the subject of much debate in the last few weeks, but how much do we really know about it?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain team for this summer's UEC European Road Championships in Denmark.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill said he was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin on Saturday after their 1-1 draw in their second warm-up game for Euro 2016.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies at Anfield.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve new powers for the police and gendarmes, which critics say could be used to crack down on dissent.
A campaign has been launched to save the home of Dylan Thomas in the Chelsea Hotel where he lived before he died.
In the shadow of New York's federal courthouse, on a hill overlooking the Hudson River, a group of young men and women dressed in bright orange and white joggers and women in shorts and T-shirts wait for the bus to take them to court.
Lego has come under fire for its stance on Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who has made a number of works using the company's bricks.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 50 people in an investigation into suspected match-fixing in the country's lower divisions of football.
Dementia patients in care homes in Wales are being "chemically coshed" with the inappropriate use of drugs, the health commissioner for Wales has said.
The year 2013 was a year of intense political activity in Northern Ireland.
Swindon Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jake Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing "appropriate access to technology for learning purposes" in schools.
Police searching for a Denbighshire woman who has been missing for more than a week have carried out house to house searches.
A "fundamental failing" at a prison has been described as "fundamentally failing" in a report by the chief inspector of prisons.
Russia says its forces have retaken key areas around the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS) in recent days.
A man accused of killing eight people in the US city of Phoenix, Arizona, has been charged with 26 additional felonies, police say.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has defended his country's participation in the Syrian peace talks in Vienna, saying it is not trying to "sell out" the country's interests.
Peanut allergy could be treated with a simple diet of peanut protein, according to the first large study of its kind in the world.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have clashed in the Commons over the government's efforts to tackle extremism.
The mead of the past was often sweet, and didn't appeal to many drinkers who were just looking for something good to pair with food.
The Winchburgh Tunnel is to close for six weeks for major upgrade work which will cause major disruption for rail passengers.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring about "peace" and "better understanding".
The body of a man has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
Labour and the Conservatives will create a "shambles" if they try to form a minority government after the election, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has warned.
A nature reserve in Cambridgeshire which is home to the UK's largest seabird colony has reopened after a £2.5m revamp.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games for an elbow to the face of Stoke's Harry Arter.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has been the subject of much criticism over the past few years.
A World War One museum in Dorset has been awarded £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help people learn more about the conflict.
Celtic's Moussa Dembele says he is happy to remain at the club despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" comeback to beat Rangers at Ibrox and maintain their 100% start to the season.
A police investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin, who is serving three life sentences for three murders, is to be scaled back.
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 to help his side beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
A teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been barred from boarding a US flight with a group of pupils on a school trip, the Muslim Council of Wales has said.
Two brothers have appeared in court accused of funding their brother's fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Plans to provide a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim and move to within three points of Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a mountain in Snowdonia.
Matt Halkett's last-gasp header gave Livingston victory over Scottish Premiership leaders Rangers at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan are among the football stars who have donated signed shirts to a Cambridge United football club in memory of a player who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after he was attacked and robbed at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire.
Josh Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham and move level on points with National League leaders Tranmere Rovers.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for the summer tour of Italy after recovering from a hamstring injury.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Flooding has hit parts of Southend after heavy rain caused the roof of a restaurant to collapse and a seafront amusement arcade to be flooded.
Sian Elizabeth Maynard Seifert, now 26, says she has always wanted to compete in a beauty pageant.
Ebbsfleet fought back from 2-0 down at half-time to claim a dramatic 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said the US could provide the Philippines with an " umbrella" for its defence if it needs it, in a speech in the capital Manila.
There is "every likelihood" there will be a vote in the assembly on the triggering of Article 50, Wales' top law officer has told AMs.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of seven straight Premier League defeats.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the name of the UK's new polar research ship.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Premier League rivals Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
A strategic review of the security arrangements in London has been announced by the mayor of London.
A hand-written note signed by a British general ordering the end of World War Two has been put up for auction in Nottingham.
Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed as the UK's new culture secretary, the BBC has announced.
A County Antrim man has gone missing while on holiday in Bulgaria, his family has said.
Actress Jane Fonda has been honoured by the American Film Institute (AFI) with its lifetime achievement award, becoming the first woman to receive the honour.
The NSPCC has said there is a "significant gap" between the number of people who need help and therapy as a result of child sexual abuse and the availability of services.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked by the League One club following an investigation into allegations of match-fixing.
The results of a study into the health of cloned sheep have been published in the journal Science.
Nigel Farage has said the momentum is "on our side" for the UK to leave the European Union and that a referendum on membership could be held in 2016.
The United States used to be the world's dominant power.
Parma, one of Italy's most successful football clubs in the 1990s, have been put up for sale for the final time.
Three cabinet ministers in Haiti have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of insulting a woman at a campaign rally last week.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have been announced as the new co-hosts of The X Factor.
A woman whose son died after being hit by a car that crashed through a central reservation on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for improvements to the road where he was killed.
Part of the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster has reopened after being closed following a fire at a factory in Doncaster.
A 24-year-old British backpacker has been found dead after falling from a moving train in Thailand, a police officer has said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side's recent late goalscoring problems are a "concern" as they bid to avoid relegation from the Championship.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri will miss the first two weeks of the season because he is "a little bit overweight".
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has won Ghana's presidential election.
Zimbabwean security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the capital, Harare, that turned violent.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the fourth time in a row, and they have done it in style.
At least six people have been killed and more than 20 injured in an explosion in southern Spain, including a celebrity chef, according to local media.
A man has gone on trial at the Old Bailey accused of being part of a plot to pass horsemeat off as beef.
For the first time in the world, the Indian government is building a biometric database of more than 12 billion people, one of the world's largest and the first of its kind.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches on Google can be swept up by the UK's spy agency GCHQ, the Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism says.
Welshman Elfyn Evans narrowly missed out on victory in the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden, finishing second behind team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
Rebel forces in Syria have rejected a Russian plan to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas in a bid to end the country's six-year conflict.
A bubble tea chain at the centre of a row over its refusal to pay staff for free training has said it will now pay them at least the minimum wage.
Exeter Chiefs returned to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Wasps, who lost their unbeaten start to the season to Saracens.
A jury in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the trial of a man who was shot and killed in court on Monday after he tried to grab a witness' pen while he was giving evidence.
Three Welsh Labour ministers have said they will vote for Yvette Cooper to be the party's next leader.
The "polarisation" of the Brexit debate has polarised many parts of the country and is exacerbating tensions in society, a human rights watchdog has warned.
Mudlarking is a form of treasure-hunting that dates back to the 16th Century, but is now being taken up by a new generation of treasure hunters.
The number of young people in England with mental health problems going to accident and emergency units has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted to call on all newsagents and vendors in the city to stop selling The Sun.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a three-year old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions on bus services run by First Bristol are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog to see if they should be scrapped.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels bombings and other recent terror attacks have made it "difficult to see hope in the midst of darkness".
The US military says it has intercepted two missiles fired from Yemen at a US warship off the coast of Yemen, which it believes were fired from Houthi-controlled territory.
The government's plans to change the way disabled people get benefits have been set out in law for the first time.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad despite making six signings in the January transfer window.
Mark Molesley scored a late winner as League Two Aldershot came from behind to beat League Two Portsmouth in the FA Cup third round replay at Fratton Park.
An album containing the signatures of RAF airmen who took part in the World War Two Dambusters raid on the Möhne Dam in Germany has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The head of the Welsh Government's bovine tuberculosis (TB) eradication programme has said she has never been more focused on the issue.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World, Scotland Yard has said.
The Church in Wales has accused Cyngor Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising the partnership" over plans for a new community school campus in Wrexham.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algerian side Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the 2017 African Confederation Cup.
A rights group has accused Malian soldiers of summary executions of ethnic Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs in the central town of Sevare and other towns in the west of the country.
Women's Super League One side Liverpool Ladies have signed England Under-21 midfielder Bethany Greenwood from Notts County Ladies.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match of the Champions Trophy in London on Friday.
Cardiff Blues survived a late fightback to beat Newport Gwent Dragons and reach the semi-finals of the Pro12.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to continue the country's reform process, pledging to end decades of military rule.
Jewellery worth more than £50,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who falsified clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register after he failed to appeal against a decision to strike him off.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second one-day international to set up a decider in the series decider.
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working condition as part of a £100,000 project.
Tata Steel is to mothball parts of its Llanwern plant in Newport with the loss of hundreds of jobs, the company has confirmed.
Britain's Sarah Cave has won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii for the second time in three years.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has spoken for the first time about his involvement in the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie following their promotion to the Championship last season.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as Stoffel Vandoorne made his Formula 1 debut for McLaren.
Michael Evans has set the fastest time of the week in the first practice session at the Manx Grand Prix on the Isle of Man.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked by MPs to explain why plans to shore up the BHS pension scheme were not approved by the regulator.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was killed by paratroopers during the Troubles in 1971 has been exhumed and will not be reburied until next year.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points after a 1-1 draw at Arsenal, while Arsenal dropped out of the top four with a 4-1 defeat at Chelsea.
Richard Hammond says he will be "back in action soon" after undergoing knee surgery following a crash while filming for The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union (EU) by a narrow margin of 48.1% to 45.9% in a referendum.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning amid a dispute over the running of common grazings on Lewis.
A man has been jailed for six years for the manslaughter of a worker who died after falling from the roof of a warehouse while carrying out repairs.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has said he did not realise he had Alzheimer's disease until he was told he was no longer able to drive.
As many as 100,000 relatives of parents who give up work to care for their children could be eligible for extra National Insurance (NI) credits, a pensions expert has said.
Work has started on a multi-million pound marine park on Dorset's Jurassic Coast.
Airlines in Nigeria are set to stop flying to the country for the second time this year because of a shortage of foreign currency.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakian striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee from Legia Warsaw.
A new law banning the display of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops and restaurants in Wales has come into force.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche is one of the best managers in the Premier League and has named him in his top three.
North Korea has test-fired an intermediate-range ballistic missile (ICBM) with a range of about 10,000km (6,000 miles), the US military says.
Scotland captain Chris Martin believes Saturday's Euro 2016 warm-up match against France in Metz will be a "step-up" for his side.
A judge in Australia has ruled that a US anti-abortion activist, Troy Newman, should not have been allowed to enter the country without a visa.
Jon Stewart, the host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show, has died at the age of 61 after a long battle with cancer.
David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Denbighshire council.
England wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire.
Star Wars composer John Williams is to be honoured with a special concert at the BBC Proms in Hull as part of this year's programme.
The SNP has won 56 out of Scotland's 59 council seats in last week's local elections on 25% of the vote, according to official results.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul must do "everything they can" to ensure civilians are not killed when they retake the western part of the city, the UN says.
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could hit parts of north Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Flexible rubber skins that can detect pressure have been developed by scientists in the US.
Scottish Borders Council has announced plans to carry out a major review of its school estate in the region.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Ayr United to move into the Scottish Championship play-off places.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car on a country road.
Paul St Aubyn's satirical satire of the Booker Prize has won this year's £10,000 P.G. Wodehouse Prize.
The BBC will show live TV coverage of England's opening World Cup group game against New Zealand at Twickenham on Saturday, 15 November.
Californians saved more water in July than they did in the same period last year, despite the worst drought in the state's history, official figures show.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park for the second time in less than a year has been moved to a new home.
Officials in the US state of Florida have removed a mosque from serving as a polling station for next month's elections after complaints from residents who said they did not want to vote in a mosque.
University staff in the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute over pay.
China has arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the recent stock market slump and the deadly Tianjin explosions, state news agency Xinhua says.
The world's oceans are on the verge of becoming more acidic than at any time in the geological record, according to a new report.
Nick Cave's son fell to his death from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The possibility of the UK voting to leave the European Union could have "consequences for economic and financial conditions in global financial markets", the head of the US central bank has said.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France with victory in the 13th stage, which was held in the wake of the Nice attack.
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard there was a "major discrepancy" in the accounts of two separate incidents in which a bus driver fainted.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of having "no relation with democracy" and compared it to Nazi Germany, in a row that has strained relations between the two countries.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Fife is one of seven players to be released by Edinburgh, who have also announced the departure of five other players.
At least 30 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a new five-year deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings from 2017 to 2020.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's new parliament, the president has said.
An 11-year-old American boy has become the youngest winner of the Scripps National Spelling Bee, one of the world's biggest spelling competitions.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
The number of teachers who have been subjected to "vile" online abuse from pupils in England has risen by a third in the past year, a teachers' union has warned.
A 10-year-old Canadian boy has been praised for saving the lives of his mother and her daughter after they were caught up in a house fire.
Swindon Town have made an approach for Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald, BBC Scotland has learned.
Racing driver David Carswell has died after his motorbike crashed during practice at the Andreas Grand Prix in Derbyshire.
Russia has "categorically denied" allegations that it was involved in hacking during the US election campaign, a Kremlin spokesman has said.
American Apparel's former chief executive Dov Charney "repeatedly engaged in conduct that violated the company's sexual harassment and anti-discrimination policy", the firm's board of directors has said in court papers.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who was killed while doing parkour on a rooftop in Paris.
At least 11 people have been killed and more than 1,000 injured in an earthquake in China's Gansu province, state media report, as tremors were felt across the country.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with victory at Burton Albion.
A rising proportion of homeless people in Scotland are coming from the private rented sector, according to a report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn over a world title shot, reports BBC Radio Ulster.
The Dutch city of Amsterdam is set to become the first in the world to adopt an innovative way of tackling alcohol-related violence.
It's been a long time coming, but artificial intelligence (AI) is finally starting to take off.
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Germany's Thomas Jung became the first rider to win the Grand Slam of eventing at Badminton with victory on La Biosthetique in the individual eventing.
As the island of Taiwan marks the one-year anniversary of the start of a pro-independence movement, the BBC's John Sudworth in Taipei questions whether the island is on the verge of becoming an independent state.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration in support of the family of a man who died after being stopped by officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency, and scientists are working to develop a vaccine to protect against the virus.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for a global crackdown on corruption at a summit in London later this week.
St Johnstone eased to victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle at McDiarmid Park.
The number of new mothers in England breastfeeding their babies has risen by more than 20% in the past 20 years, according to new figures.
The BBC's adaptation of War and Peace has beaten ITV's Endeavour and Channel 4's Deutschland 83 in the ratings for its first episode, which was watched by an average of 6.3 million viewers.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia will not hamper their chances of qualifying for the finals, says captain Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand for more than a month after her partner died on a hike has told of her ordeal.
The disputed territory of Western Sahara is a vast, sparsely-populated strip of land on the west coast of Africa that lies between Morocco and Algeria.
Northern Ireland's Liam Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the men's flyweight boxing at the Olympic Games after a second-round win in Rio on Thursday.
A three-year-old boy has died after becoming trapped between a revolving floor and a wall in a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta, police say.
Italy's prime minister has urged the European Union to do more to help tackle the migrant crisis, after three northern regions said they would not take in any more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Andrei Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two.
Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Charb, who was killed in the Paris attacks, has written a book defending the satirical magazine's editorial stance.
The Environment Agency has carried out its biggest ever flood training exercise in the Calderdale area in a bid to prepare for future flooding.
A huge piece of concrete has been lifted into place on a bridge in Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a Bradford school.
Photographs of some of the UK's most famous council tower blocks are to be digitised as part of a project to document the country's post-war Modernist housing heritage.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Doherty has opened her eyes and spoken for the first time since being seriously injured in Thailand, her parents have said.
The UK's Brexit secretary has told BBC Scotland it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" for Scotland after the UK leaves the EU.
Computer security experts say Wikileaks has released "significant" information about the CIA's hacking tools that could help spot the agency's work in malware.
A collection of rare pages from the Koran, thought to be more than 1,000 years old, are to go on display at Leeds City Museum.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's stoppage-time equaliser earned Cheltenham a draw at Mansfield in League Two.
Britain's Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open, a week after losing to the Spaniard in the quarter-finals at the Monte Carlo Masters.
An Isle of Lewis councillor has called for "serious consideration" to be given to the use of local facilities and engineering expertise to repair the stricken drilling rig Deepwater Horizon.
Craig Gordon insists his confidence has not been dented despite being dropped to the bench in Liverpool's dramatic Champions League draw with Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton eased to a 5-1 win over North Ferriby in the National League.
Rescue teams in Colombia are searching for survivors after a landslide in the western province of Antioquia killed at least 50 people.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on loan until the end of the season.
All pictures are copyrighted and the content on this page is copyrighted.
The final section of the Crossrail high-speed rail line from Liverpool Street to Farringdon has been bored.
A man has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the so-called Disappeared.
Ulster's Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland's Six Nations game against England on Saturday because of injury.
A British man believed to be a former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been killed in an attack in Iraq, the Foreign Office has said.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said she believes there are "huge opportunities" for Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Sports Direct founder Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive of the company, the BBC has learned.
Las Vegas may be known for its glitz, glamour and glitzy hotels, but it is also home to one of the largest communities of Muslims in the US.
England missed out on a dramatic victory over Pakistan on the final day of the first Test in the United Arab Emirates as the teams played out a thrilling draw in Abu Dhabi.
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics by beating Japan in the men's team table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to visit Australia and New Zealand in November, Kensington Palace has announced.
More than half of England's beaches do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Veteran US journalist Gwen Ifill, who moderated two vice-presidential debates, has died at the age of 61.
Chris Riddell is stepping down as the UK's children's laureate after two years in the role.
Former Birmingham City and Hull City boss Steve Bruce would be a good fit for Aston Villa, says ex-Aston Villa defender Robbie Savage.
Police will make "significant arrests" in the coming days in connection with the recent rioting in Northern Ireland, a senior officer has said.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a London Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital, his wife has said.
National League side Chester have re-signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with a hard-fought victory over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has confirmed that its French subsidiary is going into administration with the loss of hundreds of jobs.
Formula 1 teams have begun the first day of the first pre-season test of the 2015 season with the unveiling of their new cars in Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
The ceramic poppies at the centre of the World War One centenary installation, Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red, are to go on display for the first time at two museums.
Sir Jeffery Amherst, the British general who led the British army in pre-independence north America, is one of the world's most famous colonial figures.
Kenya's four-time Boston Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been given a two-year doping ban by Athletics Kenya.
Plans to expand a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Apple has been ordered to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages to a US university after it was found to have infringed a microchip patent.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine at the Stade de France in Lyon.
Award-winning poet David Harsent has won the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in London.
A wine bar has been fined £50,000 after a woman suffered life-changing injuries after drinking a shot of liquid nitrogen, which turned her stomach into a cloud of smoke.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the discovery of a woman's body in the Republic of Ireland.
The care of older people in the Western Isles needs "significant improvement", according to health and social care watchdogs who carried out an inspection last year.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer in what police have described as a "horrendous attack".
Defending champions Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) in a shock as Congo Brazzaville beat them 1-1 to qualify for next year's finals in Kenya.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Ollie Ntcham has the potential to be a "big player" for the club after he made his debut in Saturday's friendly defeat by Lyon.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Ness on the A90 in the Highlands have been unveiled.
Cern, the Cern particle physics laboratory, has claimed to have discovered the power of The Force, a Star Wars-themed April Fools' joke.
UKIP has a "very good chance" of winning more seats at next year's assembly election, the party's Welsh leader has said.
The Polish deli owner, Elena Hrabovenska, is working in her shop in Peterborough when she receives a letter in the post.
A 51-year-old man from Carmarthenshire has been jailed for more than 30 years for child sex abuse.
A 15-year-old girl in Mexico has been invited to a lavish party in a field outside her village after a video of her father inviting people to the event went viral.
An appeal to raise money for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift at her Dorset home has raised more than £10,000 in less than 24 hours.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve in a bid to boost their numbers.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK so long as its wind-down is properly implemented, a public inquiry has been told.
Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at Philadelphia's Temple University, where he was a trustee for more than 30 years.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in Gwynedd.
Carbon emissions from human-produced carbon dioxide (CO2) are much lower than previously thought, according to new research.
A group of young gymnasts are doing cartwheels and somersaults as Gordon Aikman, who has motor neurone disease, watches on.
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and boost their hopes of a top-four finish in Super League.
A Denbighshire man whose home was badly damaged when a sea wall collapsed during flooding three years ago has said he feels safer living in the area.
BT is to roll out a new broadband service using low-frequency radio waves that can penetrate deep into forested areas.
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax someone has avoided could be imposed on aggressive tax avoiders if Labour wins the general election, the party has said.
Rugby should be banned from schools in England because of the high number of serious injuries suffered by young players, a leading doctor has said.
Isle of Wight's historic Hurst Castle is to be restored as part of a major project by English Heritage.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has confirmed an independent expert will examine the independent review of mesh implant surgery.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from nests in a seaside town, prompting an investigation by Natural England.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the past five years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition to the local government calling for an end to the country's annual dog meat festival.
China's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men's -75kg weightlifting with a record-breaking lift in Rio.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
As many readers of this blog like to point out, a virtual reality environment will never be a substitute for actually experiencing something.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey retained her bouldering world title with victory at the second event of the season in China.
A man who punched and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months.
Four people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a mill.
A takeaway delivery driver has been hit with a golf club and robbed by a gang of men who tried to steal his money and food.
Devolution in Wales has not gone "as far as it should" and needs to go further and faster, according to the outgoing leader of the Church in Wales.
More than 40,000 acres of commercial forests in Wales need to be re-planted to meet growing demand for timber, according to the industry.
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in five years, which could be a sign of a recovery in numbers, the Environment Agency has said.
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan, who is accused of killing a policeman in a hit-and-run crash in which five people were killed.
In the early hours of New Year's Day in 2007, a man was shot dead in a Londonderry hotel.
The organisers of the first Robert Millar sportive have set up a cycling event in his name to mark the 30th anniversary of the Scot's record-breaking Tour de France finish.
Wales should be able to set its own immigration rules, MPs have said, in a bid to improve social integration.
Patent applications for technology that can measure mental states such as mood and control video games have more than doubled in the past five years, according to research.
A hospital has apologised after a "never event" in which a surgical bung fell out of a patient's ear during an operation.
Hungary's prime minister has accused EU leaders of "egoism" and "common European sense" after riot police clashed with hundreds of migrants trying to get off a train near Budapest.
Melania Trump's decision not to move into the White House with her 10-year-old son Barron has been met with criticism on social media.
A Labour AM has accused his Labour colleague of "smears and personal attacks" after he called for a "forensic investigation" into the Welsh Government's financial mismanagement.
A firefighter who delayed responding to a house fire in which an elderly woman died has been sacked.
A Hampshire boarding school has announced it is to close its doors for the final time.
Pamela Williams, one of Wales' best-known artists, has unveiled a new collection of paintings and drawings that she has been working on for the past year.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, says it has been hacked by hackers.
British amateur Andrew Gregory has spent the past four years studying the Augusta National golf course in preparation for his Masters debut.
The death of a 19-year-old French woman who streamed her own suicide on Periscope has sparked a debate about how social media can be used to encourage people to take their own lives.
A woman has been jailed for life for the murder of her mother after pleading guilty to her murder.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as the dollar rose against the yen and the euro, but shares in Time Warner Cable rose after it agreed to buy Charter Communications.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time in more than a year, according to official figures.
Manchester United thrashed 10-man Arsenal to inflict Arsene Wenger's worst defeat as Arsenal manager as the Gunners were thrashed at Old Trafford.
A BBC team filming on Mount Etna in Italy has escaped injury after a huge explosion caused by a lava flow on the mountain, a reporter has said.
David Cameron needs to produce a White Paper setting out how his plans for more devolution for Scotland would work in practice, a senior Conservative peer has said.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has the "capability" to lead the national side into the future, according to chief executive Martyn Brooke.
Benfica won the Portuguese league title for a record third time in a row as they thrashed second-placed Vitória Guimarães.
Paralympic gold medallist Adam Smith is about to embark on a new chapter in his sporting career.
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 at Pairc Esler and secure their first Football League win of the season.
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died after a battle with cancer.
QPR midfielder Andros Townsend has been banned from football for six months by the Football Association after being found guilty of breaching betting rules.
At Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, in the early hours of the morning, a cacophony of sound is coming from the club's training ground.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to have a steady stream of income from month-to-month, the Federal Reserve has said.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin, after being asked for the first time whether he believes it was a sin.
Housebuilder Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes across Scotland over the next five years.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they will not agree to the Scottish government's draft budget as it stands unless it makes "substantial changes".
A US tourist has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming, officials say.
Pop star Gary Barlow has surprised shoppers in Manchester by turning up at a shopping centre dressed as a magician.
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial bill that would have banned abortions in all cases of rape and incest.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle the Hatton Garden safe deposit box raid in January.
Wales bounced back from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Two-time world champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Indoor Athletics Championships with a personal best time of 9.97 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at the controversy over two former Guantanamo Bay detainees being allowed to live in Ghana.
Senegal missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup after being denied a late equaliser against Ecuador in South Korea.
A man in his 20s has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been criticised by France for taking up a job with Goldman Sachs.
Former world champion Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last in Formula 1.
Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in the League One defeat by Peterborough United.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 39,000 in August to 1.65 million, according to official figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England and Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year, according to official figures.
Nicolas Dauman, the chief executive of Viacom, has been removed from the board of National Amusements, the company run by Sumner Redstone and his daughter Shari.
The Scottish FA is in talks with Scotland's women's national team players over terms and conditions after they refused to speak to the media.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso in the waters off the island of Amager, near where a submarine inventor has been arrested on suspicion of killing a Swedish journalist.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat National League rivals Forest Green 4-3 at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
A woman has been jailed for life for the murder of a mother-of-four who was stabbed to death in a row over £10,000.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been accused of trying to meddle in the affairs of several African countries over the past 50 years.
Wales fly-half Sam Davies has replaced Dan Biggar in Ospreys' starting line-up for their European Champions Cup game against Grenoble.
An independent boarding school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform in response to a rise in the number of pupils questioning their gender identity.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the opening round of the Australian Open at Phillip Island.
A giant red 'A' sign has appeared at a roundabout in Berkshire, just days after a similar sign appeared on a bridge in the county.
Africa's artists - in film, literature and music - have been at the centre of a debate on social media about whether they are free to tell their own stories.
For decades, a small patch of land in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered up by potted plants.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A90 near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of flights have been cancelled due to bad weather in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the Badminton World Tour Finals in Kuala Lumpur with victory in the mixed doubles.
Castleford Tigers have signed Castleford Tigers half-back Sosaia Feki on a two-year deal following his release by NRL side Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has told MPs that a missile was fired into Wales by mistake in the past.
A British collector of Star Wars memorabilia has doubled the amount of money he's made selling his collection of memorabilia.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says it will be "very difficult to stop Gareth Bale and the rest of the team" in Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Wales.
The US justice department is changing its policy on recording criminal suspect interviews, allowing agents to take audio or video recordings, the BBC has learned.
A former High Court judge has been appointed by the Scottish government to review the country's hate crime laws, following a row over the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
One of the world's oldest bibles has been saved after a £1.5m fundraising campaign to buy it was successful.
Ukraine's interim government has vowed to step up security in the capital, Kiev, as the result of the Crimea referendum was announced.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won an appeal against his disqualification from next month's presidential election, his lawyer says.
Derby County assistant manager Nigel Powell says he is "fine" after being suspended by the Championship club following the sacking of Nigel Pearson.
Scunthorpe United have signed striker Jordan Preston on a two-year contract after he turned down a new deal with National League rivals Leyton Orient.
A man accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend's unborn baby has told a court he was "shocked and surprised" when he found out she was pregnant.
Tributes have been paid to Graham Taylor, the former Watford, Aston Villa and England manager, who has died after a short illness.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and China on Friday.
Police officers in England and Wales are to be trained in how to deal with cases of "coercive and controlling behaviour" within relationships.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has unveiled the Liberal Democrats' new carer's package in a speech in Cardiff.
Fidel Castro, who has died at the age of 90, is one of the most famous men in the history of the world.
Jordan Rhodes scored an injury-time winner as promotion-chasing Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
It's not every day you get a call from a friend and ask what they're wearing, only to be told it's a fragrance.
Three youths aged 16, 17 and 18 have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Sunday.
The UK and France are holding talks in Calais to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the migrant crisis in the port city.
Welsh boxer Katie Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
A collection of Dylan Thomas's handwritten manuscripts has been bought by a Swansea university.
The musical adaptation of Sue Townsend's best-selling children's book Adrian Mole has opened to a sold-out opening night.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a Cardiff tunnel.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent after less than two years in charge.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party for making anti-Semitic comments on Twitter.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has been given more time to prepare for high-level talks with European Union (EU) creditors on a new €86bn (£65bn; $100bn) bailout, officials say.
Ten men have been arrested in Chad in connection with the rape of an 18-year-old woman in the capital, Chadian police say.
Plans have been submitted for a new social housing development on the site of a derelict bus station which was the subject of a council housing scandal.
Members of the National Association of Teachers and Lecturers (NASUWT) in Northern Ireland are to stage a second one-day strike next week in a dispute over pay.
Netflix has cancelled plans to show a special celebrating the life of US comedian Bill Cosby after he was accused of sexual assault for a second time.
Jeremy Fernandez has come a long way since he first set foot in Australia.
A couple who had a cycling medal and jewellery stolen from their home 10 years ago have been reunited with them after they were found by a Met Police dive team.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The Scottish government has set out its plans for a shake-up of land ownership as part of plans to boost community ownership of land.
Nour, a 15-year-old girl, was caught up in the fighting between so-called Islamic State (IS) and government forces in the Syrian city of Raqqa in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
Hamburg has become the first German city to pass a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to hand over their properties to the city's authorities if they cannot accommodate asylum seekers.
Warwickshire seam bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have both signed new contracts with the Bears.
A chatbot designed to help people fight parking tickets has become one of the most popular services on the internet.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 83, the Conservative Party has announced.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at one of Wales' busiest hospitals in a bid to cut down on traffic gridlock.
The BBC has "strongly refutes" claims that a Bafta-winning scene of a hatchling iguana being chased by snakes on Planet Earth II was faked.
A path in Cumbria's Far Eastern Fells is to be repaired to mark the 60th anniversary of one of the most famous fells in the Lake District, according to the group that promotes the work of landscape artist John Wainwright.
Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Millwall.
GoPro, the maker of action cameras, has said it will cut up to 1,000 jobs and shut its drone business.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady will remain in hospital for the foreseeable future, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to the death of a 72-year-old man who was found dead at a sheltered housing complex.
Scientists at the University of Reading say the current Arctic sea-ice extent is likely to be too low to be a record-breaking year.
Liberia thrashed Algerian champions JS Kabylie 5-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Monrovia on Saturday to reach the last 16.
The Norbrook Group, the County Down-based engineering and construction firm, has appointed John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced one of the best performances of the season to thrash Premier League leaders Chelsea in an emphatic victory at Emirates Stadium.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of Jack Kirby, Ben Gumbs, Joe Duggan, Joe Buxton, Chris Ridehalgh and James Duggan.
Two Northumbria Police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in the city centre.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in two separate attacks in Londonderry.
Abercrombie & Fitch has come under fire for a tweet it sent out to celebrate Pride Month, in which it referred to the gay community as "everybody".
A couple who paid for their own funerals have been left "completely penniless" after their company went out of business.
Yemeni Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, a week after he was kidnapped by the group.
Wrexham-based scientists have developed a device that could reduce the risk of brain injuries in American Football.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Two men involved in the 1998 Omagh bomb attack have been found liable for their roles in the atrocity after a retrial at the High Court in Belfast.
The president of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU citizens working in the UK that their freedom of movement will continue after Brexit.
More than half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled in Scotland if the smoking ban had not been introduced, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich began their Champions League campaign with a thumping win over FC Rostov as they moved top of Group D.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was "happy" with his side's second-half fightback as they came from 16-9 down at half-time to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League season.
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis to help tackle anti-social behaviour.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not stand for "hate crime or these kinds of attacks" after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all".
Kent County Football Club have reported a pre-tax loss of £1.2m for the financial year to the end of June 2015, compared to a loss of just under £1m in the previous year.
Syrian government forces say they have retaken the strategic town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) after repelling an offensive by the jihadist group.
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the "special relationship" between the two countries after a group of British state school students were selected to go to US universities this autumn.
A girl called Emily has been named the winner of a competition run by one of the world's most famous children's authors.
A Russian diplomat has been accused of attacking a Mongolian rapper who wore a traditional swastika-emblazoned robe at a concert, leaving him in a coma.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a road in Greater Manchester has said they want the authorities to "learn lessons" following an inquest into his death.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing in the Cairngorms for more than a week.
Spain have qualified for the 2016 Olympic men's rugby sevens for the first time after beating Fiji in the final of the World Rugby Sevens Series in Fiji.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 70 years ago have been unearthed by archaeologists.
All pictures are copyrighted and are subject to copyright.
Doctor Who and Guardians of the Galaxy star Karen Gillan is back on the big screen with a new film set in her home city of Inverness.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Substitutes Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored late goals as Juventus beat 10-man FC Porto to take a huge advantage into the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
Wales second row Jake Ball says he is "excited" to be back in the national side after an injury-hit autumn.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a David Bowie memorial in London has failed to meet its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead in his Leicestershire home.
Frankie Raymond scored a late winner as Dagenham and Redbridge beat York 1-0 to move into the National League play-off places.
ITV has agreed a new three-year deal with Simon Cowell to keep The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent on air.
Russia says it will face a fine from Uefa after an explosion at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille triggered clashes between England and Russia fans.
Iraqi forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli by Islamic State militants, Iraqi military sources have told the BBC.
US regulators have said that digital coins, or crypto-currencies, should not be exempt from securities laws.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said the party will not be going back on a promise to scrap tuition fee subsidies if it wins the assembly election.
Olympic silver medallist Kirsty Bankier became the first player to win nine Scottish National titles with victory in the women's doubles at the Glasgow Badminton Championships.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast came from behind to beat Algeria and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Call of Duty fans have criticised a video game maker for staging a fictional terrorist attack in Singapore ahead of the release of its latest expansion.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed salmon that are more resistant to sea lice.
Voters in North Korea go to the polls on Sunday for local elections, the first since the re-election of leader Kim Jong-un.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech.
Britain's Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title on the opening day of the British National Track Championships in Manchester.
Colin Martin has said he will not race on the Fireblade Hondas for the rest of the season after announcing his retirement from road racing.
Venezuela's security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal, ending the latest wave of unrest in the country.
More than two-thirds of people in Scotland believe the right to buy their homes should be scrapped, according to new research.
Liverpool's new architecture centre has opened its doors to the public.
The official depth of Loch Ness has been found to be much deeper than previously thought, according to an amateur fisherman.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named in honour of the late Scottish novelist William McIlvanney.
The parents of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan have travelled to the country where she was abducted and held hostage to review the charity she set up in her name.
Four Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to six months in jail for assaulting a protester during last year's pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his parents have said.
Gerry Rafferty, the Scottish singer-songwriter whose hits included Baker Street and Stuck in the Middle with You, has died aged 69.
The last Concorde to take to the skies has arrived in Bristol ahead of the opening of a new museum in the city.
Plastic bag charges introduced in England have been blamed for the closure of a packaging firm's factory in Lancashire.
Two women in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to return home after being told they must be beheaded for being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of a multi-million pound fraud after the case against them was thrown out.
Michael McKinstry's career in football has been an extraordinary ride.
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says playing in front of a home crowd at the European Hockey Championship will help boost the national team's chances of promotion.
Creditors of the Taggart brothers are due to vote on a proposal that would allow them to avoid bankruptcy.
Growth in the UK's manufacturing sector picked up slightly in May from a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey.
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Republic of Ireland striker Georgios Makris on a four-year deal from Turkish side Galatasaray.
Veteran US actor Steven Wallach, best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died at the age of 93.
British number one Kyle Edmund and Olympic champion Johanna Konta will be among eight British players in action on day one of the US Open on Monday.
Israel has issued a warning to its citizens living in India to stay away from crowded places on New Year's Eve in the wake of recent terror attacks in Europe.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since 1994 in the wake of the Brexit vote, according to a survey.
An explosion has caused the collapse of part of the wall of Aleppo's citadel, one of the most important landmarks in the Syrian city, a monitoring group says.
Tropical forests in the Amazon rainforest are more vulnerable to climate change than previously thought, according to a new study.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a Cambridgeshire pub owner have been released on bail.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of two people were found at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Howard from New York City FC.
Nigerian politician James Ibori has been awarded £1.5m in damages after a High Court judge ruled the Home Secretary was wrong to keep him in immigration detention after he was released from prison.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after fans received a scam email claiming to be from the governing body.
Welsh race walker Elinor Davies says it is "unbelievable" to be set to compete at next month's World Championships after setting a new British record at the British Championships.
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler John Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life by sending him text messages telling him to "just do it babe", a court has heard.
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton says his decision to give up the Wales captaincy to Alun Wyn Jones was the "best for myself and the team".
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 19-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) over the case of a former Indian navy officer on death row after Islamabad said he had asked for mercy.
The BBC Rewind team has been looking at the issue of equal pay for women in the construction industry.
A pilot scheme to use parents as traffic wardens to crack down on illegal parking outside schools was halted after just three months, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce after a run of five straight defeats left them in the League One relegation zone.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice over the death of an 18-year-old who was killed in a hit-and-run 12 years ago.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat two-time champion Francesca Schiavone 6-3 6-4 to reach the second round of the French Open in Paris.
A left-wing group backing Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest has said it is "ludicrous" to describe its supporters as "entryists" after it was reported 18 of its members had registered to vote in the contest.
Tsunami waves have hit parts of central Chile, a day after a powerful earthquake struck off the coast of the country's south-eastern coast.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena has not brought the success many fans hoped for.
National League side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bury striker Jake Bidwell until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at this year's Irish National Film and TV Awards.
Banking on the internet can be good for you, but it can also be bad for the bank.
A bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers, a senior police officer has said.
Papers in India are worried about rising tensions between India and China over the disputed border in the Himalayan region of Ladakh.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed former Sunderland Ladies midfielder Jess Staniforth and former Manchester City Ladies midfielder Stephanie Sjoman.
Qatar's decision to cut off diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries has put pressure on the Palestinian militant group Hamas, which is backed by the emirate, in the Gaza Strip.
A number of CrossCountry train services north of Edinburgh to and from north east Scotland will not be axed, it has been announced.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions in the South China Sea after a stand-off between Chinese and Vietnamese ships over a drilling rig in disputed waters.
The process to elect the next Pope has begun in the Vatican, with the first meeting of the cardinals involved in the election taking place.
At the start of each month Elena and her husband go to their kitchen table and start sorting through their money.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to allow the value of its currency, the yuan, to rise further.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized on the River Forth in Aberdeenshire.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" it will recommend that BT's Openreach division is split off from the company.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal case against the French nuclear giant Areva, accusing it of fraud and embezzlement in a uranium mining scandal.
At least 14 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province after a winter storm battered the city of Cape Town with winds of up to 90km/h (55mph), officials say.
A freight train carrying a toxic chemical has derailed and caught fire in the US state of Tennessee, forcing the evacuation of thousands of people from their homes.
Paralympic archery gold medallist Bethany Brown says she will not change her bow to recurve in order to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games.
A rugby player died after his car was involved in a high-speed race with a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a stolen bulldozer was used to demolish a house in Australia's New South Wales state, killing one person and injuring two others.
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as two other drivers suffered problems in a chaotic first session.
Cardiff Blues moved five points clear at the top of the European Challenge Cup with a bonus-point win over Pau in France.
Families whose babies' ashes were not given to them by a Shropshire crematorium are to take legal action against the council.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to formally notify him of the UK's intention to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland is the world's biggest producer of poultry.
French customs officials have seized a painting by Leonardo da Vinci from a boat in the English Channel after it was found to be in breach of a Spanish court order not to be exported.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team-mate to give evidence to an inquiry into a package delivered to him by a British Cycling doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a shopkeeper in a "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified" attack in Glasgow.
The last two weeks of polling in the Scottish independence referendum have shown that the gap between the "Yes" and "No" campaigns has narrowed.
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says his players' desire to "tip in" in the Grand Final gave them the edge over their rivals.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the T20 Blast with a hamstring injury.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new junior doctors' contract in England have been extended for a second time.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed to establish a hotline to deal with the growing threat from militant groups, Pakistan's military says.
The Sydney Sixers will face Perth Scorchers in the Big Bash League final after beating Brisbane Heat by one run in a super over in the semi-final.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with a comfortable win over Atletico Madrid.
The driver of a train that derailed in southern Spain, killing at least 13 people, did not report any problem with the vehicle before the crash, the head of the rail operator Renfe has said.
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Katherine Beaumont hit a half-century as Lancashire Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by 11 runs to win the Women's Super League for the first time.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Apostolos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares fell on Thursday as investors continued to worry about the health of the global economy following comments from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues to reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup for the second year in a row, despite being reduced to 10 men in the second half.
A sinkhole that opened up in the middle of a road and left a lorry stranded on its side is believed to have been caused by a tunnel collapse, a council has said.
Formula 1 in the 1970s was all about Lewis Hunt and Niki Lauda.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car that was seen being driven "dangerously" in west Belfast, police have said.
Alex Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time in their history.
An RSPCA inspector is investigating whether anything was deliberately left in a field near a cricket club after a number of dogs fell ill.
Wales coach Huw Jenkins says it is "baffling" that his side have been criticised for their style of play in the Six Nations.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi dweud ei gyhuddo fod eu hymchwiliad o lofruddio yn parhau ar garchar Altcourse yn Lerpwl.
UK researchers have developed "fingerprints" that can be used to identify electronic devices at the nano-scale.
Police have warned the public about the dangers of buying prescription drugs from an "unregulated source" following the break-in of a Glasgow pharmacy.
They began the third day of the final Test against South Africa in Cape Town in a position where they had the chance to win the match and the series.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction to her shock victory at the London Anniversary Games.
At first glance, it is hard to believe that a retreat in Pennsylvania in the US state of Pennsylvania could be home to one of the most powerful men in the world.
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two men accused of the rape and murder of an Australian teenager on a beach in 2008, a lawyer for her family has said.
If you wanted to know what was what in the on-going shambles at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate and you'll find yourself right next to Blind Derek.
A woman in the US state of Ohio has been charged with raping and robbing a taxi driver while another man held him at knifepoint, police say.
The family of a County Londonderry man who died in China last week have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A new collection of oil paintings and etchings has been created by an artist who worked from the deck of a boat for more than a year.
France secured their first Six Nations win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Stade de France.
Bus drivers in Dorset are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Workers at the Michelin factory in County Antrim are due to return to work for the first time since the company announced it was to close the plant.
Oxfam has accused some countries of failing to give their "fair share" of money to the humanitarian appeal for Syria, saying they have given less than half of what they should.
The Revenant and Steve Jobs were the big winners at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles, with both films picking up two prizes each.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has often been criticised for his lack of experience as a manager.
A guide dog has become one of EasyJet's "most travelled dogs in the country", the airline has said.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new executive order on immigration.
The government has triggered Article 50, the formal process for the UK to leave the European Union, to begin the process of leaving the EU.
Two professors at Swansea University's School of Management have been accused of bullying and harassment by staff.
Wasps flanker Nathan Hughes has been included in the England squad for a pre-season training camp ahead of the autumn internationals.
Derbyshire fast bowlers Jack Cotton and James Taylor have signed new one-year contracts with the county until the end of the 2017 season.
Hundreds of people have attended candlelit vigils in memory of Shrien Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa last year.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising's Proclamation of Independence has been sold at auction in Dublin for an undisclosed sum.
One of the UK's biggest payday lenders has agreed to pay £700,000 in compensation to more than 100,000 customers who may have suffered from its lending practices.
Singer Shirley Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering a brain aneurysm, according to her former partner Phil Collins.
A new 20mph speed limit is to be introduced on most of Edinburgh's roads as part of a scheme to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle.
The number of patients in Scotland who missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in the last year has risen by more than 20% to more than 5,000, according to figures obtained by the Scottish Conservatives.
Six women have been named as the new chief executives of the UK's biggest companies - but who are they and what do they do?
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months' time if there is no road link-up between the event and the M1 motorway, the man in charge of its development has said.
More than 1,000 asylum seekers held on an Australian-run detention centre in Papua New Guinea (PNG) have accepted a A$70m (Â£45m; $55m) settlement from the government.
A former council worker who was sexually abused by a colleague has been ordered to pay his victim £10,000 in compensation.
Plans have been unveiled for a Â£1bn glass skyscraper on the banks of Southampton Water.
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he learned a lot from his win over Frenchman Charles Joubert following his successful defence of his title in Glasgow on Saturday.
The future of a Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley is to be put up for sale, it has been announced.
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Catholic Church will be allowed to forgive abortion without the need for permission from a bishop.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest last year have been arrested by police in the western state of Maharashtra on suspicion of faking their ascent.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Turf Moor.
A 67-year-old woman has been killed in a fire at a house in Inverness.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the year to the end of October.
Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team-mates are in such a strong position at the top of the World Endurance Championship as they bid to close the gap on title rivals Audi.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis, following the death of a three-year-old Syrian boy washed up on a beach in Turkey.
Plans for a new £10m palliative care centre for cancer patients at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton boosted their Championship play-off hopes with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
Northern Ireland's largest health board has said it has had to cancel some "non-urgent" operations because of "seasonal pressures" on A&E departments in Belfast and Londonderry.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.6bn (£1.3bn) to settle US legal action over the rigging of the Libor lending rate.
Two young Irish rugby players who were denied the chance to play the sport they love because of their poor eyesight are celebrating after the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU) changed its mind.
Edinburgh has been chosen to host the 2017 European Champions Cup final as the host city for the final of the competition.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future of the club's under-21s is "very healthy" after announcing the signing of seven players for the 2017-18 season.
Exeter Chiefs will face Wasps in next week's Premiership final at Twickenham after coming from behind to beat European champions Saracens.
NHS staff using Google are being asked to complete a security check to make sure they are not a robot, the NHS has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup in Yokohama.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said it is "heartbreaking" to see how much rubbish has been found at the site where he was last seen.
A free childcare scheme for working parents in Wales could cost more than £200m a year, the Welsh Government has been warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show for the first time, in a clip that will air later this week.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened with a selection of original copies of the novel.
Wigan Warriors full-back Matty Smith says his side's dramatic victory over Warrington Wolves will give them confidence ahead of next week's Grand Final at Old Trafford.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and James Roland-Jones have been named as Wisden Cricketers' Almanack's cricketers of the year, along with England all-rounder Ben Woakes.
Five children have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested by police investigating the death of a 70-year-old woman in a car crash in Bangor.
Stuart Draper scored a hat-trick as Welsh champions The New Saints beat Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic to reach the second round of the Scottish Cup.
The Welsh Government will have to make "tough decisions" in its first year in power after Brexit, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences against children.
Scotland's leading figures in the world of music and charity are among those to be recognised in the New Year Honours list.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen for the second year in a row, partly due to a shortage of nurses, the care regulator has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol after her lawyer said she has a condition that causes her to ferment food.
Scientists say they have identified a gene that may have been responsible for the expansion of the human brain.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee thought to be in the region of £25m.
A pizza shop has been banned from supplying a mental health hospital after staff at Gateshead Royal Infirmary were told the word "mental health" was on the box.
An extra £4.2m has been pledged by the Welsh government to help repair flood defences damaged by winter storms.
Five women's footballers have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2015 award.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top-eight finish in Super League for the first time this season with victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions at the John Smith's Stadium.
Rock band U2 have played their first concert in the Republic of Ireland for 30 years, with Bono saying it was "one of those epic nights of rock 'n' roll".
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued an amber weather warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested a number of people over a video of them lip-syncing to Robbie Williams' hit song Happy, state media report.
A woman whose body was found under rubble in the garden of her ex-husband's house was murdered and her remains "chopped up", a court has heard.
The government has lost a legal challenge against its plan to tackle air pollution in England and Wales.
For the first time in the history of the BBC Proms, a female conductor has led the orchestra at the finale of the event - and the pink balloons tied around the hall were for her benefit.
A court in Afghanistan has sentenced a man to life in prison for the rape and murder of his daughter.
An RAF pilot who caused an aircraft to nosedive into the Black Sea while using his camera to take photographs has been found guilty of gross negligence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda, rather than Twitter, which has been its preferred platform for the past two years.
Iraq's parliament has passed a controversial reform plan aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday to secure a place in the quarter-finals of the Women's Africa Cup of Nations.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain's second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they defended their women's double sculls title.
Plans for a new footbridge across the River Thames in London have been approved by two councils.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan did not have time to consider all his options during the summer transfer window, according to director of football Steve Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A majority of members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted in favour of a change in the country's abortion law.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Rugby Concussion Management Review Group (EPCR) for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a tackle against Glasgow Warriors in January.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between Iraqi security forces and protesters who tried to enter the Green Zone in the capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children, two of whom died, is to be sterilised, a judge has ruled.
Plans to restore a Grade I-listed stately home destroyed by fire have been shortlisted by the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome finished second on stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine as he missed out on a chance to win the race for the first time.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a seaside market in Norfolk.
Four men from the North East Counter Terrorism Unit have been arrested as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network" in Italy, police have said.
Jordan is the largest country in the Middle East and one of the most powerful in the region.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered the UN and other international agencies to leave the rebel-held region of Luhansk, the UN humanitarian chief has said.
India will take part in this summer's Champions Trophy despite a dispute with the sport's world governing body over a new revenue-sharing deal.
Former environment secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce flood forests into flood-prone areas of the UK.
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned down a marijuana farm it had planned to open in January.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in a runoff, becoming the first Conservative to be elected in the North East of England.
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no sign of myrrh on a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II, despite a claim by the country's chief prosecutor that she saw it weeping.
US President Donald Trump has announced the nomination of Neil Gorsuch as his Supreme Court nominee.
Karen Howe is one of the world's most successful female venture capitalists, but she started out as an immigrant from Iran and went on to work as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg.
An exhibition marking the 50th anniversary of a railway station's closure has opened in Nottingham.
Asian markets fell on Monday after a survey showed that China's manufacturing activity shrank for the third month in a row in October.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after he and three other men were shot at by police as they tried to rob a jewellers in central London.
Bayer Leverkusen head coach Joe Schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of misconduct by the German Football Association's disciplinary committee.
A wave of far-right and anti-immigrant sentiment has swept across Europe in recent months, fuelled by the migrant crisis.
The Green Party of Scotland has gained its first councillor in Orkney in the local elections.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car and a motorcycle in Edinburgh.
The world has been turned upside down in the space of 24 hours.
A postcard sent more than 30 years ago has been found after being delivered to the wrong address in the Isle of Wight.
The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to those who died in World War One during a service to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company that makes a cream for eczema in a deal worth $2.4bn (£1.9bn).
A Canadian kidnapped by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been found beheaded, hours before a deadline for a ransom paid by his captors.
Madonna has revealed the video for the first single from her new album, Liberation.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned as "unacceptable and shocking" a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma with his genitals exposed.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union, leaving it without the support of EU funding for the first time in its history.
An elderly man has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at his home in Glasgow.
It's been a night to remember for the Scottish Conservatives.
China's Ding Junhui came from behind to beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised by inspectors for not doing enough to help victims of crime in England and Wales.
World number one Angelique Kerber was knocked out of the Australian Open in the second round by Zheng Saisai in straight sets with a 6-4 6-3 6-2 defeat by Zheng Jie in Melbourne.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel in World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has just returned the most exciting news yet from its mission to Saturn.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties across Belfast as part of the Queen's official 90th birthday celebrations.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in Poldark, has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with sending a hoax bomb threat to a school where a 16-year-old girl was a pupil.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh on a one-year deal following his release by National League rivals Dover Athletic.
It has been a season to remember in the Premier League.
Six people have been killed in a balcony collapse at an apartment in the United States on Monday night.
A US college entrance exam that was due to be held in South Korea and Hong Kong on Saturday has been cancelled because of a cheating scandal.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins next month's election.
Midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are returning to the "old Swansea City" after a poor start to the season.
Three police forces in Wales have been told they need to do more to tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation.
Britain's Paul Smith lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's Juergen Zeuge by a unanimous points decision in his third world title defence.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery in a new BBC One drama.
The US State Department has said it will not "walk back" from charges against Indian consul Anupam Khobragade after she was strip-searched at the US embassy last week.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in their history.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award at the UN Human Rights Council (UNHCR) in Geneva.
Five MPs from the north of England have called on Chancellor George Osborne to spend more money on transport in the region ahead of the Autumn Statement.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open for the first time with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey in Melbourne.
Voting is under way in local elections across Merseyside.
The body of a seven-year-old boy has been recovered from a river in North Lanarkshire after a major search operation.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals, in a row over the use of pork in the country's schools.
Dublin won their second All-Ireland title in three years as they beat Mayo 0-17 to 0-13 in a thrilling All- Ireland Football final at Croke Park.
The latest group of Syrian refugees to arrive in Londonderry have said they are adjusting well to life in Northern Ireland.
A Russian official has been expelled from the Rio Paralympics for carrying a Russian flag in protest at the country's ban from the Games.
A drunk driver has been jailed for more than two years for causing the death of a 21-year-old man by driving a tractor into him on a farm.
Former Tour de France winner David Millar has returned to British Cycling as an anti-doping coach after serving a three-year ban for doping.
Residents have said they are "very angry" that a large fire which has been burning for more than a week is still burning on land they were told to remove rubbish.
Nine men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including Anjem Choudary, the leader of banned Islamist group Islam4UK.
An attempt to use light waves to send data across the electromagnetic spectrum has sparked a fierce debate in the scientific community, with critics arguing that the idea is flawed.
In the wake of the Charlotte Bevan inquest into the death of a woman who took her own life after suffering from mental health problems during and after the birth of her daughter, the Maternal Mental Health Alliance has called for better support for pregnant and postnatal women.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales are being hit by a huge increase in business rates, the BBC has learned.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Dale Stephens will miss the Championship play-off semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday after the Football Association rejected his appeal against his red card.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to launch his campaign for re-election with a speech on Monday, amid a corruption scandal engulfing his campaign.
More than two-thirds of UK workers have attended work when they were ill, according to a survey of more than 2,000 private sector workers.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding added to the building failed fire safety tests.
An Australian man has been found guilty of working as a doctor under a false identity for more than a decade.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after the Israeli leader said he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state while he was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl after giving her a can of Foster's beer.
The government's new national strategy to tackle extremism has been unveiled in the House of Commons.
Prime Minister Theresa May should not approach the issue of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland as if she is still home secretary, Lord Alderdice has said.
University vice-chancellors should not be paid more than the prime minister, Mayor of London Boris Johnson is to say.
A skeleton of one of the world's largest carnivorous dinosaurs has been sold at auction in the US, despite protests from Mongolia's president.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved a late penalty as the League Two side were held to a goalless draw at home by Blackpool.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment on the NHS in Wales has risen for the sixth year in a row, latest figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall in the latest in a series of thefts in Bristol.
More than a third of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
A review is to be carried out into the effectiveness of Manchester's 20mph speed limit after a report found it was not as effective as expected in reducing road accidents.
St Johnstone midfielder Steven Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has dismissed claims that the party has "no chance" of winning a majority at the next general election as a "complete red herring".
A greyhound has been found dead with its ear cut off in Lancashire, sparking a murder investigation.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right neo-Nazi cell that carried out a string of murders has begun in Munich.
US TV network Univision has said it will continue to air the Miss Universe beauty pageant owned by Donald Trump.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his "nervousness" during his Golden Globe acceptance speech, in which he appeared to criticise aid workers in war-torn South Sudan.
A multi-million pound shopping and entertainment complex in Newport city centre has opened its doors to the public.
One of the world's most influential central bankers has told the BBC he is concerned about the "immense burden" central banks are taking on.
It is one of the key ways they say they are going to pay for their spending promises.
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in central Italy, with hundreds of people still missing and hundreds more feared dead.
A memorial service is to be held in memory of the 11 people killed in the Shoreham air disaster.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall has been warned by the chief constable over plans to move his office to the force's Middlemoor headquarters, the BBC has learned.
The Australian government has announced a $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn; $1bn) drought assistance package for farmers in drought-hit areas of Queensland and New South Wales.
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to charge anyone over the death of Sandra Bland, who hanged herself in jail in July.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
China's Ding Junhui has reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time in his career.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tim Berg could be out for up to six weeks with a hamstring injury, according to director of cricket Steve Benkenstein.
A woman accused of causing the death of her partner in a crash has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" when she was involved in the crash.
Mae Archesgob Cymru wedi dweud ei hethol gan aelodau yn Esgob Tyddewi yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans.
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Kevin Cox as their new manager following their relegation from the Football League.
Cadbury's decision to drop Fairtrade certification from all of its chocolate products in the UK has been welcomed by the Fairtrade Foundation.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for her novel Americanah for the third time.
A Dundee United fan has admitted striking a Rangers fan in the head with a metal pole at the end of a match.
The US has stepped up security ahead of next week's Super Bowl in California, amid fears of a terrorist attack.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane on Saturday, according to the doctor who gave him life-saving treatment.
A 23-year-old man has died after being found with serious head injuries at a flat in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time on the second day of pre-season testing for Mercedes as he suggested his team are in a "really strong position" ahead of the 2016 season.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential art critic for the second year in a row.
Oil giant Shell has apologised in Malaysia after a cardboard cutout of a female employee appeared in a series of adverts for its gas and oil products.
Mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddi eu hadroddi
When he was growing up in the 1960s, vegetable oil was a relatively rare commodity and used sparingly in home cooking, according to Prof David Benton.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow as they lost six wickets on day three against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea has said it has successfully launched a ballistic missile from a submarine, in what could be the country's first test of a nuclear weapon.
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned of a rise in the number of people being targeted by fraudsters trying to steal their pension savings.
A High Court hearing has been adjourned over a legal challenge to a decision not to refer two brothers convicted of lying in court to the judge who reduced their sentences.
Young people are being warned about the dangers of buying cosmetic contact lenses without an optician's supervision.
A Byron restaurant worker who was deported from the UK after being arrested as part of a Home Office crackdown on illegal immigrants has said he is "sad" he has been "thrown away".
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole from National League rivals Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones and Star Wars actress Gwendoline Christie is to join the cast of Top of the Lake for the second series, it has been announced.
First Derivatives, the Newry-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £9.5m for the six months to the end of September.
A burglar who used the same technique to carry out a series of break-ins in Manchester has been given a lifetime ban from the city's streets.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in London later to discuss the UK's membership of the European Union.
The Scottish government has ordered a review of undercover policing after the UK government refused to extend an inquiry into the issue north of the border.
Lazio have been ordered to play their next two European matches behind closed doors and fined 40,000 euros (£34,475) after being found guilty of racist chanting.
Apple has welcomed a US judge's decision to throw out a court case that would have forced the tech giant to unlock an iPhone.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes broke out between his supporters and protesters.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year contract with Ospreys.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A Pullman carriage which was used to carry Winston Churchill's coffin at his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored.
An exhibition of the nude bodies of more than 3,000 people who took to the streets of Hull for an art installation is to go on display for the first time.
Relatives of some of the great-great grandchildren of one of the first families to record Christmas carols have heard them for the first time after they were restored by the Museum of London.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after the BBC's Have I Got News for You programme aired a joke about UKIP leader Nigel Farage on air.
Engineers have built an octopus-inspired robotic arm that could be used in surgery.
The world's most famous steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway for the first time since 1963.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a Lord of the Dance performance by choreographer Katie Flatley.
Three radio stations in west Wales are to move to a new studios in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales has learned.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies involved in drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands, an archipelago claimed by Britain.
The B-52 bomber has flown over Greater Manchester for the last time as part of its final journey before being grounded.
The Department for Energy and Climate Change has published a report on the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system, which it says could cost up to £500m a year.
An app that can identify public figures using photos and video has been launched in the UK.
World number one Rory McIlroy finished in a tie for third as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title of the year in Shanghai.
The search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of Northern Ireland on Saturday has been called off after it was declared a hoax by the coastguard.
Facebook has announced a raft of new add-on apps for its Messenger messaging app, which will allow users to post to other social networks and services.
It's that time of year again when the world's two biggest economies meet for the first time.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to help local forces fight so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, US Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several US-based pro-democracy and human rights groups as part of an investigation into foreign funding, officials say.
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London's Trafalgar Square is hidden away from view from the public.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a Pembrokeshire beach.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell.
Work has begun on a memorial to the Battle of the Somme which will be shaped like the Spitfire.
Kallum Owens scored two tries as Widnes came from behind to beat Warrington and move to within three points of the Super League play-offs.
South Africa is one of the world's most popular tourist destinations, and the country's tourism industry is thriving thanks to a growing number of tech-led travel companies.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant on a free transfer.
(Close): The Nasdaq suffered its biggest one-day fall in more than a year as the technology-heavy Nasdaq index fell sharply.
A BBC investigation has found that Sri Lankan maids who fled abusive employers in Saudi Arabia have not been allowed to return home for more than a decade.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, overturning a key ruling by opponents.
A man who escaped from custody more than 40 years ago has been jailed for six years for possessing a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life.
Tens of thousands of mourners have gathered in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, for the funeral of Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda, who died on Saturday.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a car park in Nottinghamshire.
It's not that surprising that Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" on the eve of the Labour Party conference is going to go down in history.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is "not surprised" by England striker Marcus Rashford's call-up to the Euro 2016 squad.
MPs have failed in a bid to amend the same-sex marriage bill to allow heterosexual couples to enter into civil partnerships.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant at Dundee University have been closed following a fire.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient and move into the League Two play-off places.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has risen sharply in the last decade, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Zanzibar's electoral commission chairman has announced the cancellation of elections for president and parliament on the Indian Ocean archipelago because of "gross irregularities".
More than 5,000 new jobs were created or safeguarded by overseas investment in Wales last year, according to new figures.
A chemical weapons watchdog has concluded that a chemical attack on a rebel-held town in Syria in April that killed dozens of people could only have been caused by the use of the nerve agent Sarin.
A Yemeni Islamist militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has called for the release of more than 100 soldiers it says have been kidnapped by the government.
A Gallipoli war veteran has been reunited with his suitbag after it was found in the wardrobe of a woman who had picked up the wrong one.
Paralympic gold medallist David Weir says he has not retired from British Athletics, despite announcing his retirement from road racing.
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut 76 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating an allegation of malpractice in a business studies exam.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
Sierra Leone's first doctor to treat Ebola patients in the country since the outbreak of the disease in 2014 has been working with the World Health Organization (WHO) in Freetown.
The Conservative MP for Brentwood and Ongar, Sir Eric Pickles, has announced he is to stand down in June's general election.
Paris St-Germain suffered their first Ligue 1 defeat in more than a year as they were beaten 2-0 by Lyon at the Parc des Princes.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has signed a new five-year contract with the Italian champions, keeping him at the club until 2021.
The world of wearable, health-focused gadgets is about to get a whole lot bigger.
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to the late Indian nun Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be declared a saint.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Second hand Volkswagens made by the Volkswagen group have not seen their value fall as much as expected following the emissions scandal, research suggests.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple in its fight with the FBI over a court order to unlock an iPhone.
A body recovered from the Java Sea on Thursday has been identified as that of an AirAsia passenger who died in the plane crash, Indonesian officials say.
Oban Camanachd beat Kilmallie 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Camanacherie Cup despite being held to a 3-3 draw at home by Oban MacCuish.
Belgian police have shot dead two suspected Islamists who were trying to attack a train station in a town in the north-east of the country, a prosecutor says.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council staff to catch dog fouling in a bid to tackle "disgusting crime" in Staffordshire.
A "sozzled" squirrel had to be rescued by a member of a railway club after running across a bar's pumps and turning on the tap.
Scottish Labour is calling on Police Scotland and the Scottish government to reveal what they knew about allegations the force spied on MSPs.
A US man who was wrongly convicted of murder 22 years ago and sentenced to life in prison has been freed after his case was cleared by a judge.
Five businesses in Edinburgh have been fined after it was found they were using communal bins meant for residents to dispose of their waste.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a human rights claim against the authorities.
The Red Arrows will be replaced in the next two years, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A campaigner for people with learning disabilities who is terminally ill has written to the House of Lords calling for an assisted dying law to be introduced.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused Bastia fans of making "monkey noises" to him during Friday's 1-0 Ligue 1 defeat by the French club.
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains on the East Coast Main Line have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over jobs.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could miss the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury and could be out for up to 10 weeks.
The resignation of Top Gear presenter Chris Evans has sparked a debate on social media about who should replace him.
Bees in 17 European countries died by an average of 13.6% in the winter of 2012-13, according to a survey of bee colonies.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un, has been returned to the country from Malaysia, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended its project with Wonder Woman after a campaign to promote gender equality was criticised for its use of the comic book character.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after an explosion ripped through the vessel off the west coast of Scotland.
A pro-refugee campaigner has been found guilty of racially aggravated behaviour at an anti-immigration rally.
A seven-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool to help fund the city's parks and open spaces have been unveiled.
Nigeria's government says it has shut down a radio station that supports the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra.
A homeless man who has raised more than £100,000 for homeless people in London has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Boeing has tested a new high powered laser device that it says could be used to shoot down drones.
Five people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in a north London park.
Crusaders will hope to maintain their 100% start to the Irish Premiership season when they host Glenavon in their final game of the season.
Former Liverpool striker John St John has called for more to be done to help former players who suffer from dementia as a result of playing the game.
Football Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Tennis Basketball Athletics Speedway Ice Hockey Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra.
A portrait of Mozart has been painted and projected on to buildings across the north-east of England in a bid to highlight the composer's "dark side".
Boris bikes are to be installed at a number of locations in London as part of plans to expand the 'Boris bike' hire scheme.
India won the second Test against Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "sad" that a major golf tournament will be moved from Florida to Mexico next year.
The Scottish government's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol have been at the centre of a long-running legal battle.
Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt has been described as "the ultimate rock and roller" by Queen's Brian May after his death at the age of 69.
Car insurance premiums are set to rise by an average of £13 a year as the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate rises, the AA has warned.
It was another busy day in the English Football League on Saturday, with Luton's Danny Hylton sent off in stoppage time and Cheltenham Town coming from behind to beat Yeovil Town.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side's pre-season preparations as they prepare for the Betfred Cup group stage.
The rector of the University of Aberdeen has called on the Scottish government to drop plans to change the way universities are governed.
Cardiff City captain Peter Whittingham will not be rushed into signing a new contract with the club.
A drilling rig is to be sent to the Beatrice oil field as part of the decommissioning of the site.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he does not feel he has reached his peak as he prepares for the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police as part of an inquiry into allegations that she received millions of euros in public money.
Plymouth Argyle's Chris Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly pushing a ball boy during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Barnsley.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Wrexham midfielder Joel Smith on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture honouring the late musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
A woman has been arrested after police found two stolen iPhones at a house in Northumberland following an investigation into the theft of a One Direction smartphone.
A woman has died after being hit by a train on a level crossing in Suffolk.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin O'Donnell has said he is "relieved" to have been voted off the show after a "disastrous" dance off.
The search is on for the next 'psychic' octopus to predict the outcome of the Women's World Cup, following the success of Germany's Paul.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager David Lynch after just six months in charge of the National League strugglers.
An 11-year-old boy has won the men's title in the World Conker Championships for the first time.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his car after it was found tied to the back of the vehicle by a strap.
At the Paris Air Show, one of the world's biggest aerospace shows, a spooky-looking aircraft is being unveiled.
How much do you know about the Greek community in London?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and of not doing enough to criticise Iran and Venezuela.
The Church of England is to start divesting from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" for the club's position in the Premier League table, but insists he has the full support of his players.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Europa League in the third qualifying round for the first time in 30 years as they were outclassed by Greek champions Olympiakos at the Allianz Stadium.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to "treat" the attack on an Indian air force base in Punjab as an act of terrorism, after gunmen stormed the facility on Saturday.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan at "gunpoint" has returned to India.
The Liberal Democrats have lost all four of their seats in Scotland's Highlands and Islands in the general election.
Madagascar's parliament has voted in favour of impeaching President Hery Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook's record-breaking innings of 263 helped his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan on day three.
Lecturers at a number of Glasgow colleges have dropped plans to join a one-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Didn't we already know that the UK was considering military action in Syria?
A giant bouncy castle, thought to be the largest in the world, has been erected for a music festival in Hampshire.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in west Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 14-year-old girl who was beaten to death in April.
Mexico's Interior Minister Luis Felipe Galindo has been sacked after a report accused him of covering up the deaths of more than 50 people during a drug raid.
Computer systems used by airlines and travel agents to book flights are vulnerable to hacking and could be used to steal personal information, say security researchers.
About 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service because of low morale, according to a survey by the Police Federation.
Leeds Rhinos held off a second-half fightback from Salford Red Devils to secure their first Super League win of the season.
Oxford's High Street will be opened to pedestrians for the first time in more than 20 years when a shopping centre reopens next year.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will consult with the Foreign Office over security concerns ahead of England's tour of Bangladesh in October.
A council boss arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud at Lancashire council has been released on bail.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" there will be further treaty changes to the European Union as he begins a two-day visit to Europe.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has criticised his side's attitude ahead of Thursday's National League game against Tranmere Rovers.
A giant flower which has been growing in a glass house at the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh is expected to bloom later.
Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October despite the British boxer being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted the murder of three men whose bodies were found dumped in ditches in Cambridgeshire.
People could soon be able to control unmanned drones using only their brains, thanks to new technology.
A new contractor has been appointed to carry out the demolition of the former Reading Power Station, where four men died when a building collapsed last year.
Indonesia's main opposition PDI-P party appears to have performed better than expected in Wednesday's parliamentary election, but it is not clear if it will be able to enter next month's presidential election.
Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's biggest brewer, has said it has reached a deal to buy rival SABMiller in a deal that would create one of the biggest brewers in the world.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving access to tennis courts across Britain.
The South West of England is to get the most money from a new fund to tackle the shortage of affordable homes for second-home owners, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence program developed by US scientists is taking on the world's best poker players in a contest that will be streamed live online.
Two men have been jailed for the "catastrophic" murder of a Ballymena, County Antrim, Chinese takeaway restaurant owner.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has said it has captured a hospital in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour after fierce fighting with pro-government forces.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-Vietnamese writer to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year for the first time in four years, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) to settle a series of lawsuits brought by customers who claimed the firm was not doing enough to ensure the safety of its drivers.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where a tourist was mauled to death last week.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, it has been announced.
A former soldier has been jailed for life after being found guilty of raping and killing a 15-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has sacked his entire cabinet in a major reshuffle, amid reports of a power struggle between him and his deputy.
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station (ISS) has broken up in orbit after losing contact with flight controllers.
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon, the children are playing with crayons.
A Scottish man and a woman from the Republic of Ireland have died after a yacht ran aground off the coast of South Africa.
Flooding caused by heavy rain caused by Storm Desmond in Norfolk has eased, the fire service has said.
The Scottish SPCA has said a cat that died after being found trapped under a car in Glasgow had been poisoned with antifreeze.
A minor league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised after its promotional calendar included the phrase "Caucasian Heritage Night".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman from Milton Keynes who has been missing for more than a week.
What do you do when you have the flu?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
When Leicester City won the Premier League title last season, it was hailed as one of the greatest sporting stories of the 20th Century.
Nick Gubbins hit his first Championship century of the season to put Middlesex in a strong position against Somerset at Taunton.
Labour leadership candidate Ed Miliband has said it was "wrong" for the UK to go to war in Iraq but has not made any formal apologies for the conflict.
A hen party for a bride-to-be had a "best laid plans" when their boat got stuck in mud, the RNLI has said.
Harry Potter actor David Bradley is to play William Hartnell in a new BBC One drama about the creation of Doctor Who.
The European Commission has recommended in principle that the UK government should go ahead with the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
Police have released a new image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the attempted murder of a couple who were tortured by a gang during a break-in at their Kent home.
Work has started on a Â£2.3m project to transform Anglesey's former market hall into a community centre.
Theresa May is expected to announce changes to police stop and search powers later this month, BBC Newsnight has learned.
New Glentoran manager Stephen Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the best way to turn around his side's fortunes in the Premiership.
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Gwynedd hospital, saying the health board's communication with staff is "as bad as ever".
Dundee manager Grant McCann has given his players a day off after his side's poor display in their Scottish League Cup win over Stirling Albion.
Slovakia is one of the newest countries in Europe, having gained independence from Czechoslovakia in 1993 and joining the European Union in 2009.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it would be a "no-brainer" for the club to re-sign former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker.
A derelict bowling pavilion is to be restored and turned into a museum as part of a project to celebrate the history of the sport in Cumbria.
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Belgium in Leuven to secure top spot in Group 7.
Google has confirmed that it shut down its internet-providing drones, Titan Aerospace, in late 2015.
Police are searching for a man who escaped from a hospital after jumping out of a window while he was being treated for a leg injury.
Prof Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, was known as a "big personality" with a mischievous streak and a low opinion of authority.
Great Britain's Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the final of the World Superbantamweight Series (WSB) at London's O2 Arena.
Championship side Oldham booked their place in the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a six-try win over Challenge Cup holders Hull KR.
Tehran's mayor has announced plans to turn the notorious Evin prison in the Iranian capital into a park.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
A senior prosecutor has defended his decision to prosecute two men convicted of grooming a 15-year-old girl for sex after the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped the case.
The death of a young footballer from a cardiac arrest is always a cause for concern.
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has continued to fall, according to new figures from Nielsen Media Research.
A new festival is being held to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most important philosophers.
Italian Francesco Tedesco has been named as the new coach of Schalke after Hoffenheim parted company with Julian Nagelsmann at the end of the season.
Celtic have been fined £100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group match against Besiktas.
A towpath on the River Taff in Carmarthenshire will be closed to the public for three weeks for repair work.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has updated its rules on tackling crowd trouble in stadiums in the wake of disorder at the Scottish Cup final.
In the early 1970s, India's Maoist rebels were little more than a handful of armed fighters fighting for the rights of indigenous tribespeople and the poor in rural areas of central and eastern India.
Scientists have used a molecular tape recorder to trace the origins of hundreds of thousands of cells in living organisms.
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey won a record-equalling 16th world title with victory in the women's individual time trial at the Para-cycling Track World Championships.
A court in Israel has sentenced former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to seven years in prison for bribery and breach of trust.
Plans to reform prisons and tackle extremism in England and Wales have been announced in the government's Queen's Speech.
A boy who was mauled to death by a crocodile in an Australian national park has been found safe and well, and two other crocodiles have been shot by police.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their World Cup disappointment and win the war against Switzerland when they begin their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign on Monday.
A suicide prevention app has been launched in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire to help people who are at risk of taking their own life to find help.
Two County Antrim men have been given suspended prison sentences after thousands of tyres were found buried in and resting beside the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by seven wickets in the first Test in Colombo to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall in the Philippines, bringing heavy rain and strong winds to the capital, Manila, before weakening into a tropical storm.
Ireland all-rounder James Rankin will return to international cricket for the first time since his last Test appearance for England in 2014, the International Cricket Council has announced.
Zinedine Zidane's first game in charge of Real Madrid on 27 February 2016 was a difficult one.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a new schedule for the 2017 season.
A "five-figure sum" is expected to be spent to repair a 19th Century market cross damaged in a suspected drink-driving crash, a town trustee has said.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion, off the coast of south-eastern France, is the largest of the archipelago of Rodrigues, Mauritius and Rodrigues in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism but will stand up for the interests of America and her allies where the two sides do not see eye to eye.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under-par 66 to move two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new head coach, less than a week after the Easter Road club parted company with him.
As a young boy, Othman al-Hussein was forced to flee his home in northern Iraq when the Mosul Dam was captured by Islamic State militants in 2014.
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned the hard way that it is not always a good idea to retweet a joke.
Turkeys, ducks, chickens and pigs have been stolen during a break-in at a Powys butcher's shop.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to her son in December.
Leeds Rhinos say it could take up to six months for the club to return to their Kirkstall training ground after flood water contaminated the site.
Six teenagers found dead in a remote hut in northern Germany died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a party on Saturday night, police say.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group used corruption as a " rallying cry" to recruit people to its cause, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says the new Formula 1 season will be "exciting" because of the close racing between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists say they have found the first direct evidence of a mysterious "hotspot" of heat in the upper atmosphere of Jupiter's polar regions.
Bradford Bulls have been granted membership of the Rugby Football League by their new owners Shahid Khan and John Sutcliffe.
Leicestershire Riders are aiming to add the British Basketball League title to their Premier League and Women's Big League titles as they bid to become the first team to win all three major trophies in the same season.
Kilmarnock moved back into second place in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead in the French capital, Paris, after the car they were travelling in crashed and burst into flames, police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, official figures have shown.
A horse that was declared winner of a race at Great Yarmouth has been identified as the wrong horse by a microchipping system, the British Horseracing Authority has said.
The chances of the UK leaving the European Union are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary who served under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown has said.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has warned that "the worst can always happen" as he visited the site of a former Nazi concentration camp where more than 50,000 people died.
Google has offered a reward to a student who discovered a weakness in its website-buying system that left him in charge of Google.com for about a minute.
An inquiry into the policing of the so-called Battle of Orgreave during the 1984 miners' strike will not be launched until after the Hillsborough disaster, the Home Office has said.
Kenny Johnson scored a stoppage-time winner as Motherwell beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to move into the Premiership's top four.
Chuck Feeney is one of the world's richest men, but he is not a billionaire by any means.
The Conservative MP for Stoke-on-Trent Central has said he has been the victim of a "vicious smear campaign" following his split from his wife.
Workers in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) are being urged to stay away from work on Friday for the release of superstar Rajinikanth's latest film.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel.
It's been a big week for the EU in Brussels.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has said he "stands by" his claim that he has never had an "illegal" performance-enhancing injection.
More than 1,000 baby spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a project to establish a new population.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has named its candidates for the presidency and vice-presidents of Myanmar's parliament.
A 17-year-old US student is using artificial intelligence to teach computers how to diagnose cancer.
South Sudan's state-run TV has been broadcasting a propaganda campaign urging "jihad" against Sudan, following Sudan's occupation of the border town of Heglig.
More than a third of the residents of a village in the Cotswolds have objected to plans to build more than 1,000 new homes.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by more than 200,000 in the past year, according to official figures.
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for a painting of a leper squint for the fourth time.
One of Nigeria's most wanted kidnappers, who was arrested in Lagos last month, is suing the police for damages.
Huddersfield striker Steven Paterson says Northern Ireland are still searching for answers after their 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan in Baku.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said it is "disappointing" that the head of Nama has not responded to a request to appear before the committee.
Flooding caused by a burst water main outside a London Underground station has caused disruption for commuters.
Japan's Emperor Akihito, the world's longest-reigning monarch, is considering his abdication, according to Japanese media reports.
A company that planned to drill a deep borehole into a quarry in County Fermanagh to check if there was enough gas below ground to warrant seeking a licence to set up a fracking operation has been denied planning permission.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly if the number of AMs is increased, according to the Chartered Institute of Accountants.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European countries in the event of the country leaving the European Union, the BBC has learned.
Napping for more than 60 minutes during the day may increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics after losing in a play-off at the European Championships in Japan.
The remains of a man shot dead by the army in 1972 are to be exhumed by police to see if a bullet from his killing came from a military weapon.
Scottish author Irvine Kelman and Trainspotting star Irvine Welsh are among the contenders for this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards.
When it comes to derby matches, it is often said that the best players are the ones who score the most goals.
House prices in the South East of England have continued to rise faster than in the rest of the UK, official figures show, although the pace of growth has slowed.
NHS staff in London are being tempted to move outside the capital because of a shortage of nurses, according to the Royal College of Nursing (RCN).
Chris Brown has been accused of cheating on Karrueche Tristan in a new report.
The family of a Texas woman who was found dead in her jail cell three days after she was arrested have denied she tried to kill herself in the past.
It's a campaign that could end up with the election of the world's first female secretary-general.
N-Dubz have revealed they were surprised to be nominated for four Mobo awards at this year's ceremony in Glasgow.
Six teenagers have been arrested as part of a police crackdown on drug dealing in Gloucestershire.
England batsman Stephen Cook has been named in South Africa's squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town on Saturday.
Some of the anti-fascists who took part in a counter-protest in Brighton were "some of the most intolerant people you could come across", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for their first official visit to the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan.
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has shrunk by more than a quarter in the last 40 years, according to a new survey.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating claims that a millionaire property tycoon banned Asian tenants from renting his homes because of the smell of curry.
A train has derailed and burst into flames in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say.
A man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a woman who fell to her death from a motorway bridge after he stole her handbag.
Lewis Hamilton has become the first Briton to win the Formula 1 world title with a dramatic victory in the final race of the season.
The mother of a nine-year-old boy who was killed by a motorcyclist in Greece has said her family are "mortified" after the rider's sentence was upheld.
A life-size puppet of Thunderbirds star Lady Penelope is to be auctioned to raise money for charity in memory of the show's creator Ken Anderson.
Pupils in England will have to study new GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths from next year as part of the biggest shake-up in a generation of exams, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles.
New curbs are being considered on the rights of EU migrants to live and work in the UK when temporary restrictions on their movement end at the end of next year, the BBC understands.
A former vicar whose father was a vicar has been jailed for 10 years for a string of child sex offences including encouraging a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog.
The number of patients being seen within four hours at accident and emergency (A&E) units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year.
The decision to remove three children from the care of a couple in Rotherham because they were UKIP members is "arbitrary, ideological and indefensible", Education Secretary Michael Gove has said.
A fan in Aberdeen has placed a £100,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men's singles title, according to bookmaker Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Rutherglen in South Lanarkshire.
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of the northern state of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, on corruption charges, officials say.
Stuart Bonne scored the only goal of the game as 10-man Chesterfield and Colchester shared the spoils in a draw at the Proact Stadium.
Tower Bridge is to be closed to all traffic for six months for "essential maintenance works".
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on ITV's The Voice UK, it has been announced.
Enid Blyton's famous Famous Five children's books are to be followed up with a new series of adult adventures set in the "baffling adult world".
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times in a street attack.
An Essex town could be left with "stereotypes" if a reality TV show ends, a tourism body has warned.
A second woman has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in north London in 2001.
Microsoft has agreed to sell hundreds of patents to Facebook in a deal that could help the social networking site defend itself against lawsuits from Yahoo and AOL.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Stuart Bowe made his return from injury in Ulster A's Pro12 match against Munster A on Thursday night.
US President Donald Trump has said he does not have any recordings of a conversation he had with former FBI director James Comey.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said the party has a "clear agenda" for Wales, including an independent review of the NHS.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has been "rushed" into taking charge at Tynecastle, according to director of football Craig Levein.
A community group has been set up to try to prevent mountain fires being started by arsonists after a spate of blazes in south Wales.
US President Barack Obama is leaning towards choosing his hometown of Chicago as the site of his presidential library, according to reports.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the current financial year and said it is in talks with Suzuki over a possible partnership.
A woman who added Skywalker to her middle name for "a laugh" has been told her passport has been cancelled by the Home Office.
Two brothers have appeared in court charged with terror offences.
Ciara Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith won their respective titles on the opening day of the Santry meeting on Saturday as Ciara Mageean and Phil Healy both qualified for Sunday's 1500m final.
Dundee United and Hibernian will meet in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals on the weekend of 16 and 17 April.
The story of Bisma Baloch, the toddler who died in a hospital in Pakistan's southern city of Karachi on Wednesday, is a tragic tale of a toddler who was denied entry to a hospital because of a traffic jam caused by the motorcade of one of the country's most powerful politicians.
The families of five men who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant have said they want answers about why they were killed.
Celtic moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable victory over Queen of the South.
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in the West Midlands.
A US judge has sentenced a Nigerian man to life in prison in the US for trying to blow up a Nigerian airliner in December 2009.
Tui has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terror attack in Tunisia in June that left dozens of its holidaymakers dead and injured.
Police have said there is no danger to the public after an unexploded World War Two bomblet was found on the Aberdeenshire coast.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case that could decide whether non-profit religious groups can object to the Obama administration's requirement that employers cover contraception.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the world using the power of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in the Pacific Ocean.
Celtic's 13-year-old Karamoko Dembele has become the club's youngest player to make his first-team debut.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman David Brown has backed head coach Colin Gordon to remain in charge of the club.
Radio stations across the US were forced to switch off their transmitters on Tuesday after a "sexually explicit" podcast was broadcast via a Barix streaming box.
Manchester City secured a top-four Premier League finish and a Champions League place for next season as Manuel Pellegrini's final game as Manchester City manager ended in a draw at Swansea City.
American Bubba Watson will take a one-shot lead into the second round of the Shenzhen International after the first round was suspended because of darkness on Thursday.
Liam Doughty scored a dramatic late winner as Millwall beat Swindon in their first game under interim boss Lee Williams.
Theresa May should "take responsibility" for cuts to police numbers in England and Wales, Labour has said, following the London terror attack.
Former taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the German city of Dresden during World War Two.
Singer-songwriter Clive Sarstedt, best known for his 1969 hit Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 74.
Former Children's Laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama based on her best-selling novel Noughts and Crosses, the corporation has announced.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences including rape.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
The oil giant BP has withdrawn its non-essential staff from Libya in response to "ongoing political uncertainty" in the country.
It was supposed to be a chance for the education secretary to make her case to head teachers.
A fire has broken out in a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after a "bed pan washer" caught fire.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-ITV bodyguard David Hayden, who was stabbed to death in east London.
Pupils at a school where a teenager was killed by a train have been given advice on how to help fellow pupils who have been bullied online.
One of the stars of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he has quit the show because it is "filling his head with filth".
The UK is to become the first country in the world to import hydro-power from Norway and use it to power its homes and businesses.
A man who drove to Manchester to help people affected by the terror attack in the city has said it has been "heartening" to see people "pull together" in the wake of the attack.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep-killing spree has escaped again, officials say.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign was a bit like the EU referendum campaign in the Republic of Ireland.
Ipswich Town ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with a comfortable victory over QPR at Portman Road.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has now killed more than 2,000 people and infected more than 3,000 others, according to the World Health Organization.
A number of petrol bombs have been found in Londonderry following a petrol bomb attack on police in the city.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the second of its Sentinel-1 series of Earth-observation satellites.
The head of Scotland's biggest fishing industry body has said the Scottish government's position on Brexit is "incompatible" with its own.
A man has been killed in a crash between a bus and a private ambulance in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has agreed a five-year contract extension with the Spanish champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County will be the "biggest game" of his career.
A car owner has said he is "devastated" after a section of wall collapsed on to his cars during flash flooding in Fife.
A watchdog has said East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "urgent improvements" if it is to continue to deliver good quality services.
A man who raped a woman in a "horrific attack" 30 years ago has been jailed for 10 years.
A 106-year-old Chinese linguist is one of the world's oldest living experts on the Chinese language.
Stevenage have signed striker Jordan Hyde on a one-year deal after he was released by York City.
The Crucible and Chichester Festival Theatre's production of Half a Sixpence are among the nominees for this year's Theatre World Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of playing under new Norwich City manager Daniel Farke after being dropped by former boss Alex Neil.
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in gerbils, in what could be a major step towards treating people with hearing loss.
Work has begun on a £100m development of shops and flats on the site of a former car park in Oxford.
Tunisia is holding its first parliamentary election since the overthrow of long-serving President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011.
John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny Cash, has announced the release of an album of previously unheard recordings by the late singer.
Children in Wales who have experienced domestic abuse are more likely to develop poor health later in life, according to new research.
A former kit man for Scottish Premiership football club Celtic has appeared in court charged with child sex offences.
Three Scottish athletes have been named in Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
Port Vale head coach Bruno Ribeiro has been sacked by the club after just six months in charge of the club.
A third of secondary schools in England have had cuts of 40% or more to their libraries in the past five years, according to a teachers' union.
Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl wedi marw oherwydd "maint a chymhlethdod" yr adeilad Grenfell yn dymchwel a dyw
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association after admitting a breach of rules on player testing.
The funeral of a Tudor princess, who was cast aside by Henry VIII after her divorce from Henry VIII, is celebrated every year at Gloucester Cathedral.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to British code-breaker Alan Turing, 60 years after his death.
US President Barack Obama has listened to a Bob Marley album on his first day in Jamaica as he visited the home of the late singer at a museum dedicated to his life.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Southend United has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is hoping to benefit from the experience of fellow Scot Sandy Lyle when he competes at the Masters for the first time this week.
Middlesex batsman Matt Simpson has signed a new one-year contract extension to keep him at Lord's until the end of the 2018 season.
US President Donald Trump's plan to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities that refuse to co-operate with immigration officials has been blocked by a federal judge.
There will be "few, if any, Christians" coming to the UK from Syrian refugee camps, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say they have found the remains of 11 female foetuses in a plastic bag in a drain in a village in the state.
Wales women ran in seven tries as they thrashed the UK Armed Forces in their autumn internationals in Cardiff.
A man has been jailed after being found guilty of making a hoax bomb threat that led to the evacuation of 22 patients from a hospital.
The Smiths have revealed they discussed re-forming the band 10 years ago, but the idea never came to pass.
Motherwell have appointed Mark McGhee as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year contract.
The world's food supply is at risk because of the vulnerability of key trade chokepoints to natural disasters and climate change, a new report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted for more than 24 hours after a train hit overhead wires in Northumberland.
Early detection of ovarian cancer using a blood test could cut the number of women dying from the disease, a study in the US suggests.
What is it about England that is making them so hard to ignore?
The bodies of two more people have been found in the rubble of a building hit by a gas explosion in New York City on Saturday, bringing the death toll from the blast to 11, officials say.
Blackberry has launched its first Android-powered smartphone in the UK.
Large gatherings of people, such as the annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in India, could hold the key to understanding the spread of antibiotic resistance, research in the journal Science suggests.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Manchester.
Police have said they are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school after a mother claimed it was racist.
British number two Kyle Edmund suffered a shock quarter-final defeat by third seed Stan Wawrinka at the Rogers Cup in Toronto on Friday.
St Johnstone striker Scott MacLean has signed a new one-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
It is 20 years since the birth of Dolly the sheep - the world's first cloned animal.
A man who was caught by a paedophile-hunting vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl at a shopping centre has been jailed for 12 years.
Clashes between Islamic State (IS) militants and Kurdish fighters in the Syrian town of Kobane have intensified, as the battle for the town enters its third day.
The cost of a new footbridge in West Sussex has been reduced by more than £2m after a review of the project by Chancellor George Osborne.
One of the oldest poppy collectors in Wales is celebrating his 100th birthday as he reflects on his experiences at the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Police are investigating the discovery of a human skull in the ground in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his old club Manchester United in the first game of his first pre-season tour as Manchester City boss.
Aberdeen-based Aggreko has announced plans to cut £25m of annual costs as it reported a sharp fall in profits.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was knocked off his bike in a hit-and-run crash in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of being involved in the Kingsmills atrocity.
A man who posed as a clown to scare schoolchildren in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by the prank.
At the memorial service for the Russian ambassador to Turkey, a small group of mourners gathered in the grounds of the Russian embassy to pay their respects.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, the 17th Century mansion destroyed in a fire in 2012.
It has been more than a year since the people of Wales voted to leave the European Union.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar RSPB Cymru eisiau eich help chi dreulio awr bore Sadwrn neu fore Sul i weld pa adar sydd yn eich gerddi.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston North End beat Norwich City to move into the Championship play-off places.
A fly-tipper is being sought by police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called "Trojan Horse" scandal have been told they could lose their government funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the head after being called to a 999 call has been suspended from the profession.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in the chest in Leeds.
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support after winning The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to be remade for TV, according to reports.
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a hat-trick in one-day internationals as he helped Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series.
The government has banned five Syrian jihadist groups, including the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS), from entering the UK.
Estonia is the largest of the three Baltic states - Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania - and the only one of them not to be part of the Soviet Union.
Residents in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on what they think should be done to improve access to schools in the town.
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City head coach at the end of the season, the Championship club have confirmed.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been jailed for three years for filming people in public places with a hidden camera.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's Public Accounts Committee has received a letter from the president of the Law Society claiming to have information about the Nama Northern Ireland loan sale.
Spain has awarded the country's highest honour to Ignacio Echeverría, the Spanish man who was killed in the London terror attack on Saturday.
England's Darren Clarke is out of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after a disastrous second round of 75 left him nine over par.
Former Newsround presenter Zoe Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a glass gondola ride under the Humber Bridge in Hull have been unveiled as part of a £10m plan to turn it into a visitor attraction.
Have you got what you need to know about the news in Wales?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places for the first time this season with a 1-0 victory over Torquay.
Labour has announced plans to allow grandparents to share in unpaid parental leave if it wins the general election.
Australian rower Sarah Tait, who won a silver medal at London 2012, has died at the age of 35.
Shakespeare's Richard III will be performed at Leicester Cathedral in July, despite criticism from a group opposed to the play being staged next to the king's grave.
The new head of the Public Complaints Commission for Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based rocket company that was set up with the support of Northern Ireland ministers has gone out of business.
New Zealand thrashed France to reach the World Cup semi-finals for the third time in four years and set up a quarter-final against South Africa.
A Peruvian satellite has sent back its first images of the world's largest copper mine.
Turkey's prime minister has said his country's military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" for the region.
The landlord of the Olympic Stadium has been ordered to reveal the commercial terms of its lease with West Ham United.
Jockey Michelle Payne, who became the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup in 2015, has been suspended after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Europa League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that the country's mangrove forests are worth more than US $2.9bn (Â£1.8bn; $3.4bn).
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admitted his side "ran out of legs" as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic.
More than 700 employers in London have signed up to the city's voluntary living wage, the Living Wage Foundation has said.
Pamela Geller is a US-based right-wing blogger and anti-Islam activist who has made her name by publishing controversial cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
Former McLaren driver Jost Wurz has been approached to take over the Manor Formula 1 team, the BBC has learned.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a new United Nations study.
South Korea's Byeong An carded a six-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol for the first time in his European Tour career.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by Fola Esch, who took a two-goal lead into the second leg of their second qualifying round tie.
Conor McGregor has said he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after being withdrawn from the card at UFC 200.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness.
The family of a Cheltenham shopkeeper whose portrait was painted on the door of his former warehouse has launched a fundraising campaign to restore it.
Boris Johnson has been in the news again for the wrong reasons.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the George W Bush administration to be the next director of the FBI.
A group of Victorian beach huts in Lincolnshire are to be restored with the help of £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Russian military says it has found it impossible to retrieve data from the "black box" of a Russian jet that was shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he topped the timesheets in the Senior Classic class.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC) has said she rejected an offer of a job with the government in response to an inquiry into the treatment of asylum seekers' children.
A Swansea hospital is to set up a registry of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome cases in a bid to raise awareness of the condition.
Olympic gold medallist Lizzie King says she is considering a return to the track for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the women's team pursuit.
"Qandeel Baloch is an inspiration to those ladies who are treated badly and dominated by society," said a video posted on Facebook by the Pakistani social media star, after she posted a video of herself "twerking".
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of Nazi death camp commanders and guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Olympic taekwondo silver medallist and world number one mixed martial arts fighter Yushinori Takahashi was inspired to take up the sport at the age of 13 by his father, who was a judoka.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri called on his players to "fight until the end" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died after the car she was travelling in crashed into a tree in Manchester.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing Swindon woman who was last seen leaving a nightclub in the early hours of the morning.
Health Minister Simon Hamilton has announced an extra £1.5m in funding for autism assessments in Northern Ireland.
A World War Two torpedo has been found during dredging work for the Royal Navy's new aircraft carriers in Portsmouth harbour.
Talks between Labour and Plaid Cymru will resume on Monday in a bid to find a new first minister for Wales.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference in Germany that Russia is being portrayed as the worst threat to the Nato alliance.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after it was discovered off the coast of Panama.
Scientists have created a glue based on the sticky mucus of a slug that could be used as a medical adhesive.
A private health company has been told to improve after a leaked report found it was "not clinically assured" of the safety of its out-of-hours services.
Two British students who were among those rescued after a boat sank off the coast of Indonesia swam for eight hours to shore before being found by fishermen, their mother has said.
An advert has been put up for sale for the former North Wales Hospital site in Denbighshire.
"It's been a long time coming," says Ron Dennis, the chairman of McLaren-Honda, when asked about the team's poor form at this weekend's Spanish Grand Prix.
Police have appealed for information after more than £1,000 was stolen from the purses of cadets at an Aberdeen military base.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration as US president.
A boat that crashed into a tugboat in London, injuring nine people, was "unintended" and "most likely" caused by a rudder error, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman who was found dead at her home in County Down have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man has pleaded guilty to sexual assault after he stabbed himself in the neck during a court hearing.
Director Terrence Malick, actor Tom Ford and film-maker Wim Wenders have all been named as official contenders for this year's Venice International Film Festival.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of electoral fraud after he was defeated in Sunday's presidential election.
The family of a woman who died in a car crash have paid tribute to their "inspirational" daughter.
Scotland suffered their first defeat of the World Cup as South Africa inflicted a second straight defeat on Vern Cotter's side at Twickenham.
Spain's banks will need a total of 59.3bn euros (Â£50bn; $66bn) to plug a "hole" in their finances, the country's banks have been told.
Johanna Konta was just 14 when her parents moved to the UK from Hungary and her tennis career took off.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK, days before they were due to take place.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal Bernard "Goldfinger" Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in north London.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, there has been an outpouring of criticism of the media's coverage of the attack.
One of the youngest victims of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests there was "no chance" of saving his friend Philip Steele after the first crush.
A look back at some of the top stories from the world of entertainment over the weekend.
Ex-Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he will have to wait at least four months before he can play in the English Football League again.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to leave the club to join Paris St-Germain for a fee in the region of £40m.
Bristol charity Kids Company received at least £42m of public money despite repeated concerns about its financial management, a report has found.
The family of a Bristol man whose body was found in Monaco have said they have been "kept in the dark" about body parts missing from his post-mortem examination.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says he will use the Spanish Grand Prix as an opportunity to turn things around after a poor start to the season.
The father of an Alabama boy who went missing 13 years ago has been charged with child abduction, the FBI has said.
Wales' forests could be sold off on a case-by-case basis, the environment minister has said.
Ofcom has warned of a "concern" over the fall in public service broadcasting (PSB) spending on TV drama and children's programmes.
Scottish Attorney General Michael Matheson has said it would be "better for all parties" to refrain from making comment while the investigation into the death of Fusilier Michael Bayoh is taking place.
The route of the London 2012 Olympic torch relay has been announced, with Hull and Scunthorpe the first stops on the route.
Wikileaks has said that it will publish further details of the CIA's alleged cyber-weapons programme in the coming days.
Ulsan is one of the world's biggest shipyards and one of South Korea's best-known cities, but what is it really like to work there?
A woman died from carbon monoxide poisoning after her father started a fire at a house in Denbighshire where she was due to move in, an inquest has heard.
If you want to get into cycling, but you don't know where to start or how to get started, there are lots of ways you can get involved in the sport.
Scientists want to know as much as possible about the effects of new medicines on the human body before they are given to patients.
Soldiers serving in Afghanistan will not be affected by the latest round of Army redundancies, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A project which aims to highlight the achievements of people with learning disabilities has been launched in Flintshire.
Eder Varela scored in stoppage time to rescue a point for Portugal as the USA came from behind to draw 2-2 and keep alive their hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals.
British Rowing has said it is "looking into" claims of bullying made by a former member of its coaching staff.
Scientists say they have developed stem cells that can deliver cancer-killing toxins directly to the site of a brain tumour.
A man has been found guilty of causing serious injury to two children by careless driving after they were hit by a car in Leeds.
A British man has broken the world record for the most people bouncing up and down on a pogo stick at the same time.
Plans to build a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council.
A police investigation has been launched into the disappearance of a car that has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for two decades.
England Under-20 World Cup gold medallist Jess Mead says she wants to follow in the footsteps of the likes of Jordan Nobbs, Jill Scott and Steph Houghton and play in the top flight of women's football.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman, calling it a "horrible crime".
Worcester Warriors hooker Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Three cats have been put down after being poisoned in Carmarthenshire, the RSPCA has said.
Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations (CHAN) despite being eligible to represent England at senior level.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on election day in a bid to encourage more young people to vote.
A film about the unlikely friendship between gay and lesbian miners in Neath Port Talbot during the 1984-5 miners' strike has opened in London's West End.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he is "shocked and saddened" by a suicide bomb attack on a football match in Iraq that killed at least 26 people, most of them children.
Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund has announced plans to build luxury resorts on the Red Sea coast as part of a major tourism project.
A number of cars have been destroyed in a fire at a Citroën dealership.
Fleetwood's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by League One strugglers Bristol Rovers.
A United Nations body has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to "actively promote" a fully integrated education system in Northern Ireland.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 21-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in a shopping centre car park.
The original artwork for a Beatles album sleeve designed by Sir Peter Blake has topped a list of the world's most valuable album sleeves.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach the third round of Wimbledon for the first time since 2014 in his first Grand Slam match since 2014.
A powerful earthquake has struck in central Italy, with tremors felt across large parts of the country.
The Northern Ireland Hotels Federation has called on the tourism industry to come up with a strategy for the future of the sector.
Two people have been charged in connection with the death of a three-year-old boy who died after getting into difficulties at a water park.
It’s rare that the company behind one of the world's biggest entertainment brands, Disney, gives us an insight into how they’re going to use technology to bring their much-loved brand of storytelling to new forms.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have become the latest players to sign new three-year contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Cristiano Ronaldo has left Manchester City to join Spanish side Sevilla for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A number of paintings believed to be by Adolf Hitler have sold at auction in Germany for more than £100,000 (130,000 euros; $150,000; Â£85,000).
A group of football supporters calling for a public inquiry into West Ham's deal to rent the Olympic Stadium has had its call for an inquiry rejected by the government.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she cannot move the budget bill required to give Stormont officials the legal authority to carry on spending money after the end of July.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is pleased with the progress his side have made ahead of the World Cup but admits more work needs to be done.
A man has captured a "stunning" picture of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen Harbour.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to "wipe out" 82% of the workforce in the next five years if he is re-elected, in his first speech since taking office.
An investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a Grade II-listed hall in Manchester.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry, killing one person and injuring two others.
A cyber-attack that left more than 100,000 people in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, without electricity last month may have been a repeat of a similar attack in 2015, security experts say.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.
The parent company of the Fox News Channel, 21st Century Fox, has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine as co-presidents to succeed Roger Ailes, who stepped down last month.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen last year to be allowed to go home for Christmas.
Muhammad Ali's death has led to an outpouring of tributes and memes on social media following his death on Friday night.
Scotland Yard's anti-corruption unit, once known as the "ghost squad", has carried out investigations into a Met policeman over allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution; and a Heathrow community support officer who admitted stealing a wallet containing almost £2,500.
Gatwick should be given the go-ahead for a second runway at Heathrow, the mayor of London has said in a letter to the prime minister.
Former States Minister David Parkinson has been re-elected to the Guernsey Assembly in the St Peter Port North district in a by-election.
Canada has lifted a ban on imports of beef from the European Union, which was imposed in the 1990s in response to the BSE cattle disease outbreak.
Brecon Barracks in Brecon, Powys, is to close in 2021, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been criticised for his decision to ban Twitter, saying the social media site is a threat to the country's democracy.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a back injury.
A scheme to help women from black and ethnic minority groups get into work in Scotland by improving their English language skills has been funded by the Scottish government.
The authorities in the north-eastern Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for more than 100 inmates who escaped from a prison during a riot that left 56 inmates dead.
Former Ospreys and British and Irish Lions star Shane Williams has left the Welsh region to play in Japan.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 share index closed lower on Friday, with mining shares among the biggest fallers.
A UK ticket-holder has won a share of a £24.6m Euromillions jackpot, according to the lottery operator.
Police in China have arrested a fifth suspect in connection with Thursday's deadly attack in the western city of Urumqi, in which eight people were killed, state media report.
The death of a three-year-old boy in Aberdeenshire leads the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, George Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in a new BBC One adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Dream, written by Russell T Davies.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written to the editor of a BBC radio programme to ask if she could replace Big Ben's chimes when they stop chiming.
The body of a man believed to have been there for months or years has been found, police have said.
There was "no possibility of an alternative outcome" for an inmate who died in prison after being found unconscious in his cell, a report into his death has found.
Human remains have been found during an excavation at a former railway line site in Peterborough.
Canada's new Liberal government has dropped an appeal against a ruling that a Muslim woman who wore a full-face veil when swearing an oath to become a Canadian citizen could keep her citizenship.
A tiny island off the coast of Japan has seen an increase in the number of tourists visiting it because of a colony of cats.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and British musician James Righton have married in a small ceremony in France.
Unpaid carers should be given an extra £10 a week to help with the cost of looking after elderly relatives, the Labour leader is to say.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been released from hospital after being arrested on suspicion of hit-and-run, police have confirmed.
Spanish and German newspapers warn that the UK's vote to leave the EU risks "tearing Europe apart" and warn that other countries could follow Britain's lead.
Newport Gwent Dragons missed the chance to move into the Pro12 play-off places as they were beaten by Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French court has found a woman guilty of murdering her three children and burying them in the back garden of her parents' home.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by Clermont Auvergne at the Stade de France.
The Scottish government is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person scheme in the wake of a Supreme Court ruling, the education secretary has said.
The family of a man who has been missing for more than a month have made a fresh appeal for help to find him.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app, which has attracted hundreds of thousands of users, has said he is taking security issues with the service "very seriously".
There are pubs where they play music and then there is pubs where music takes a more prominent role.
Businesses in Snowdonia are being asked to give back to the communities they serve through a voluntary donation scheme to mark the 50th anniversary of the Snowdonian Society.
The former national security adviser to former President Barack Obama has denied that she sought to reveal the identities of Trump administration officials caught up in US intelligence reports.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting and choking two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard starred as West Indies thrashed Australia to set up a World Twenty20 final against Sri Lanka.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he would be "happy" to speak to Wilfried Zaha before making a decision on whether he will play for Ivory Coast.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will work with Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after the Holyrood election, despite being jeered during a leadership debate.
James McManus scored twice as Greenock Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in Scottish League One.
It's one of the biggest changes to the dairy industry in the UK for years.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London, the party's first elected mayor in the UK since 2005.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.
A riot at the Maruti Suzuki car factory in northern India has left at least one person dead and dozens injured, officials have told the BBC.
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens has dismissed the idea of relegation from the Six Nations as "a debate to be had in a couple of years time".
A man has been left "very badly shaken" after his car was stolen and a shop robbed in separate incidents in County Armagh.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led an orchestra in a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony on the last day of their tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a three-day lockdown in the capital, Freetown, as part of efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak.
Germany's Martin Walz won gold in the men's kayak single sculls at the Rio Olympics with a stunning victory in the final.
SSE has been told it will not be able to go ahead with plans to upgrade the main electricity line between Inverness and Aberdeen.
A Labour MP has resigned as a backbench assistant to the shadow chancellor after an anti-Semitic post she shared on Facebook.
A Polish man has been jailed for 12 years for plotting to bomb the country's parliament in Krakow in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea is continuing to operate a nuclear reprocessing plant.
A koala that was hit by a car in Australia has been named "Bear Grylls" after it was left hanging from the grill of the vehicle.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Jonas Antononsson from Swedish club Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Conor Leahy from Falkirk for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of Ebola by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, has arrested a man on suspicion of spying for the Islamist militant group Islamic State (IS), it has said.
Voters in Hong Kong went to the polls on Sunday to elect their new district councillors, in the first elections since last year's pro-democracy protests.
The Premier League's top four are all still waiting for their first win of the season, but it was a busy weekend for the rest of the top six.
French comedian Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred after he said on Monday that he was "feeling like Charlie Coulibaly" in the wake of the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has admitted it made a "regrettable typographical error" in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A six-year-old girl has died after being hit by an elephant at a zoo in the Moroccan city of Rabat when she was hit by a stone thrown by the animal.
A man in his 20s has been taken to hospital with serious facial injuries after an assault at a McDonald's in Londonderry.
The government will need to introduce at least 15 Brexit-related bills before the UK leaves the EU, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling would have "dived" if he had been involved in the incident that led to Tottenham's equaliser in Sunday's draw at Etihad Stadium.
Labour's leadership under Ed Miliband is at least as bad as under Michael Foot when the party was in "dire straits", former Welsh Labour leader David Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is good enough to play for England, according to the club's director of rugby Tony Monye.
Police Scotland has been criticised in a report into the roll-out of a new national call-handling system following the M9 crash in which a woman died.
Hairdresser Herbert Howe, known as "Liverpool's Father Christmas", has died at the age of 73 after a long illness.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, spewing huge plumes of ash and gas into the air.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says his playing days at the League Two club are "slowly coming to an end".
A Chinese restaurant in China has become the first in the world to serve dog food to its customers.
An extra £20m is to be invested into general practice in Scotland over the next year, the Scottish government has announced.
A crime novel by Hilary Mantel has won an award for its " finely written and tightly written" crime thriller Someone Else's Skin.
The parents of a baby girl who was taken into care after she suffered a brain haemorrhage have said they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital.
A court in Jerusalem has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to undergo psychiatric treatment in a bid to extradite her to Australia to face charges.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury after falling in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.
The average price of a standard school uniform in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has just published its long-awaited report into the profitability of the big four private sector outsourcing companies.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship in Munich with a share of the lead going into the final round.
The Cassini space probe has made its final close-up pass of Saturn's largest moon, Titan.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton did not offer much in the way of policy detail in her first major speech since winning the Pennsylvania primary on Tuesday.
Shares in Mattel, the maker of the Barbie dolls, have jumped as much as 5% on reports that it is in talks to buy rival Hasbro in a deal that would create the world's largest toy-maker.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire.
Zanzibar is the largest producer of octopus in the western Indian Ocean and has seen a sharp rise in the number of catches in recent years, according to the United Nations.
Rurik Jutting, who has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong, has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum of 25 years.
A decision on whether to allow fracking for shale gas in North Yorkshire is due to be taken by councillors on Friday.
Venezuela's military says it has arrested two men suspected of masterminding an attack on an army barracks last month that left three soldiers dead.
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is to be set up.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax at Featherstone.
An inquest into the deaths of six Protestant workers killed in the Kingsmill massacre in the early days of the Troubles has been delayed because there is no coroner to oversee it.
Birmingham City Council's children's services have been rated as "good" by the Care Quality Commission.
David Cameron should remove international students from the government's net migration target, five Labour MPs and four cross-bench peers have urged in a letter to the prime minister.
IAAF president Lord Coe has been backed by the man who wrote a damning report into corruption at the athletics world governing body.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health problems who was held in police custody because of a lack of beds has been found a place of care, NHS England has said.
Thailand has cancelled the launch of a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report on human rights abuses in Vietnam after it was stopped by police.
The remains of an 18th Century Georgian mansion in the New Forest have been uncovered after it was destroyed in a fire in the summer of 2015.
Scientists have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86 that has passed by the Earth.
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to two counts of criminal mischief.
Jockey George Best is expected to make a full recovery after suffering a bleed on the brain in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.
Welsh MPs have been sworn in to the House of Commons for the first time since the general election, but how are they getting on with the job?
The Art of the Deal, Where's Waldo and the Totally Essential Travel Collection are just some of the gifts given to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un by Dennis Rodman.
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry while working on a dual carriageway has died in hospital.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of a New York skyscraper after a crane cradle on top of the building collapsed, officials say.
A Texas police officer who fatally shot a teenager in the back of the head while responding to a report of underage drinking has been fired.
Singer Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham in League Two with a 3-1 victory at the Kassam Stadium.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Máirtín Ó Murchú, one of Ireland's best-known broadcasters, has died in Dublin.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she is hoping to secure access to Chinese markets for pork.
A missing motor from a World War Two codebreaking machine used by Nazi Germany has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is "possible" Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief of opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and eight other staff, as part of a continuing crackdown on dissent after last month's failed coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six-under-par 65 to move three shots behind leader Thongchai Aphibarnrat after the third round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Three women have been tied up and threatened during a "despicable" robbery at their home in west Belfast.
New Zealand's prime minister has said the death toll from Tuesday's magnitude 7.0 earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to 38, with more than 100 people still missing.
Scientists have found a new way to make ultra-pure silicon that could help them build the next generation of quantum computers.
Southampton midfielder James Stephens says it is "not time to panic" as the Saints prepare for their Boxing Day trip to West Bromwich Albion.
A cat who has been stealing items from neighbours' homes for the last two years has started bringing home toy food, his owner has said.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored a hat-trick of tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford Tigers.
Planning permission has been granted for a £50m expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Wiltshire.
Cristiano Ronaldo made his first appearance of the season as Portugal were beaten 2-0 by Cape Verde in their opening World Cup qualifier.
Tonight's third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill in the House of Commons will mark the beginning of what is likely to be a very conciliatory process.
On the border between the United States and Mexico there is a series of concrete barriers built over the past 20 years to keep illegal immigrants out.
Glasgow Warriors missed out on a first away win over Leinster in six years as they were held to a draw at the RDS.
Nepal, India, Bhutan, Nepal and other countries in the region are increasingly concerned about the impact of rising water levels in Tibet on their downstream countries.
Internet service providers need to be "up their game" and make their broadband prices more transparent, a charity has said.
Birmingham City secured a place in the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time in four years with a hard-fought win over Chelsea.
Scientists at the University of Oxford have shown that a new approach to treating infections in pigs could offer a viable alternative to antibiotics.
World number one Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Britain's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will attempt to win their first Grand Slam titles when they meet in Sunday's French Open final in Paris.
Plymouth Argyle striker Lee Goodwillie says he is not thinking about his future as he prepares to return to Scotland for the first time in five years.
We asked you to tell us what your greatest achievement is - and here are your responses.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's 4x400m freestyle relay.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three who has been missing for more than a month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has visited Scotland as he continues his campaign to become the party's next leader.
Sudan have lost their appeal against a decision to disqualify five of their players from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea Bissau.
John Akinde scored the only goal of the game as Barnet moved into the League Two play-off places with victory at Mansfield.
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield, Oregon, is not in fact Springfield, Ohio.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to Enda Kenny calling on Tourism Ireland to make Northern Ireland the gateway to the Republic of Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on extended probation has been jailed for life and given a life-long restriction order.
Three new left-wing mayors have been elected in Spain, bringing to an end 24 years of uninterrupted Popular Party rule in cities such as Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a woman who was found unconscious in a street in Leeds.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.8% in the three months to December, faster than expected, according to official figures.
West Midlands Police has apologised to the family of a woman killed by her killer after a watchdog found 19 officers and staff have been found to have a case to answer for misconduct.
"Lack of experience and confidence" among prison officers has contributed to a "major incident" at a prison last year, a watchdog has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a group campaigning for the release of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in the north-eastern town of Chibok of engaging in "psychological terrorism".
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he hit him with a hammer because he was "angry" about a break-up and his landlord's request for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll will not be included in his Euro 2016 squad despite being the Premier League's top scorer this season.
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool has been saved from closure after donations from the community.
Militant Islamist militants have taken control of the northern Iraqi town of Qaraqosh, the last major Christian town in the northern province of Nineveh, officials say.
The partner of one of the missing victims of the Oxford Power Station collapse has said there is still a "chance" he could still be alive.
Work has started on a new £1m Hippodrome on the site of a former deep sea whaling mission in Dorset.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice actor for the new series of BBC One's hit children's show Bob the Builder.
The number of district nurses looking after people at home instead of in hospital has fallen by more than a third in the past six years, it has been claimed.
Tributes have been paid to a man who was shot dead by police on the M62 motorway in West Yorkshire.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barnsley and Grimsby Town player Jordan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of victims of Sunday's bomb attacks on two churches in the Pakistani city of Lahore.
Nottinghamshire were bowled out for 204 by Durham on day one of the Championship final at Trent Bridge as Yorkshire all-rounder Alex Onions took five wickets.
More than 2.5 trillion cubic km of water is stored beneath the Earth's surface, according to a new study.
The culture secretary's spokesman has denied making threats against a newspaper over its coverage of a row over the expenses claims of a Conservative MP.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from two goals down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns for their first Premier League win of the season.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris is "proud" of the county's record number of sell-out crowds for international cricket matches in Cardiff.
Michael Fordham says he wants to return to play at Lakeside for the first time in more than a decade after failing to qualify for the last 16 of the Grand Slam of Darts in Wolverhampton.
India's central bank has cut interest rates for the third time this year, despite the recent ban on high-value bank notes.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for June's friendly against Mexico in the United States.
Militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) have said they were behind an attack on an Egyptian coastguard vessel off the north-eastern Sinai peninsula on Sunday.
The UK's richest man, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed by the government to carry out a review of the way it spends public money.
England reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time since 1993 with a 1-0 win over Mexico in South Korea.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their overseas player for the second half of the T20 Blast season, according to Chris Mason.
Belfast boxer Joe McComb has become the first Irish fighter to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine with victory over Russia's Evgeny Yashin in Kharkiv.
For many people, a community pharmacy is just a place where you can get your prescriptions filled, or get your prescription refilled.
At least three children have been taken to hospital after a water slide at a Dorset carnival collapsed.
A 72-year-old woman who tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with champagne with Veuve Clicquot has won the right to refuse kidney dialysis treatment, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A woman has been appointed as the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer, in a job advertised around the world.
An inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers who died after their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan has been opened and adjourned.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in Ethiopia's Oromia region following a stampede at a religious festival in which more than 200 people were killed.
Cornwall beat Lancashire to win the County Championship for the first time in five years as they beat the visitors in a thrilling final at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed an elderly motorist to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of members of the public has been jailed for 12 years.
South Africa has cancelled its planned withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC) after a legal challenge by the opposition.
A woman who died after being hit by a pothole on a road in Newport died from head injuries, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren with immediate effect, with Rafael Benitez set to replace him.
HSBC could move up to 5,000 staff out of London if the UK leaves the European single market, the BBC understands.
Here is a selection of reaction to the High Court ruling that abortion law in Northern Ireland is unconstitutional.
A man has been injured after being bitten by an elephant that escaped from a circus in the German city of Heidelberg, police say.
Russia has designated one of the country's main opinion pollsters as a foreign agent, the justice ministry has said.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think a referendum on the future of the National Assembly could be won if it were held today.
In the centre of the Spanish city of Barcelona on Friday morning, the people were still coming and going.
The BBC has announced the longlist for its Sound Of 2016, its annual list of the UK's best new artists.
A man has been arrested in connection with the seizure of a number of illegal wildlife items, including a tiger's head.
German police have arrested a man they believe was close to Berlin lorry attacker Anis Amri, who killed 12 people in a lorry attack last month.
A vicar has apologised after telling a group of children that "Father Christmas is not real".
A man has died following a fire at a house in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival.
A police officer and a PCSO have been jailed for abusing their position to settle a "personal grievance", the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club after missing a birthday party to attend one of the club's home games.
Celtic lost 5-4 on penalties to Rangers in the Scottish Cup final after an enthralling Old Firm derby at Hampden.
The M74 extension to the south of Glasgow has not led to an increase in road accidents, according to a new study.
Crowds of pro-Russian activists in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk have taken over several government buildings in a show of force.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to play King Stuart in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth, it has been announced.
Belgium's king has come under fire for comparing the current political crisis in the country with that of the 1930s in a televised Christmas message.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the England squads for the North v South one-day international series in Dubai in March.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has unanimously backed plans to bid to host the Fleadh festival again in 2019.
Volunteers in Londonderry are being urged to "roll their sleeves up" as part of a project to commemorate the centenary of the end of World War One.
A Nottingham tram stop sign has been branded an "absolute joke" after it was found to say "University of Nottingham" rather than "Nottingham University".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been suspended by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for his anti-government protest at the Rio Games.
The Department of Regional Development (DRD) has said new safety measures are being installed at the spot where Enda Dolan was knocked down and killed by a van.
At least 20 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the southern Chinese city of Kunming, state media say, in what officials say was an attack carried out by militants.
EDF, the French energy supplier, has announced a second price rise in four months for its electricity and gas customers.
One of the most shocking aspects of the government's decision to spend millions of pounds on a campaign to promote Britain's EU membership - judging by social media reaction - is that it is based around leafleting.
Mae Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdydd wedi dweud ei gael ei fod.
A custody sergeant accused of manslaughter over the death of a man who died after being restrained in custody "did not pretend everything was perfect", a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers later this week.
Eight puppies and two dogs worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house in West Lothian.
Sinn FÃ©in has called on unionist politicians to condemn "hatemongers" who put a replica coffin bearing the image of Martin McGuinness on a bonfire in east Belfast.
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alba on loan until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee.
Letting agencies are "getting away with charging extortionate fees" to private tenants, a Labour AM has said.
"There has been a significant increase in the number of allegations of historical child sexual abuse in England and Wales over the past five years," says the College of Policing.
Kintyre in Argyll and Bute is hoping to become the UK's first operational spaceport.
Newsround has been talking to one of the UK's best-known gardeners, George Galloway.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife back from the SNP in the general election.
The way we buy things has changed dramatically in the UK over the past 50 years.
A Borders-based knitwear firm has seen a "surge" in sales since it was bought by a new managing director last year.
A copy of one of the world's oldest cave artworks has been recreated in France, in what Unesco has described as a "world first".
England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina because of injury.
A former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl and sending her naked photographs of himself.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora on points to retain his British and Commonwealth titles in the first defence of his title in London on Saturday.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says stand-off Albert Kelly's future at the Super League club is "up in the air" after he was suspended for the club's final game of the season.
The Conservative Party has said it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of the events surrounding the death of a man who was allegedly bullied by a Tory activist.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is seeking to raise as much as $25bn (£18bn) in an initial public offering of shares in the US.
Figures on the state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election on 8 June, the BBC has learned.
Seven-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 100m at the Rio Games as he won his heat.
Brentford defender Tom Elliott has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
There's been a lot of talk about Madonna in the last few days.
Canada's postal service, Canada Post, says it will phase out direct mail delivery in residential areas and replace it with community post boxes as part of a cost-cutting plan.
US President Barack Obama has urged Kenya to do more to stamp out corruption during a visit to the country where his father was born.
In the mountains of south-eastern France, in the heart of the French Alps, the sheep are used to being left to their own devices.
James Corden is to bring his US late-night talk show The Late Late Show to Sky 1, with three episodes to be filmed in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss Britain's relationship with the European Union and the migrant crisis, as part of a series of meetings with European leaders.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the pace of change at the bank.
The FBI is investigating the alleged hacking of the iCloud accounts of a number of Hollywood stars, according to court papers filed in New York.
A man who killed a teenager and seriously injured two others when he crashed his car into a telegraph pole has been jailed for more than seven years.
The international community will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to help countries cope with the influx of Syrian refugees, the UN's special envoy to Jordan has warned.
Indian drinks tycoon Vijay Mallya has failed to sell the headquarters of his Kingfisher Group, amid speculation that he has absconded.
Researchers at Dundee University are to carry out a study to see if electronic cigarettes are better for the heart than tobacco cigarettes.
A school in Weston-super-Mare which was placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close at the end of December.
The Duchess of Cambridge has become the latest high-profile celebrity to show her support for the BBC's mental health campaign by taking a selfie with her fingers crossed.
A woman in her 70s has died in a house fire in Londonderry.
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for 12 years for raping and sexually abusing seven girls over a 30-year period.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast in a series of "coincidental" strandings.
A man who killed his partner by repeatedly stamping on her head has had his 12-and-a-half-year jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal.
Virat Kohli became the first man to score a century in two World Cup matches as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the opening match of the tournament in Australia.
Jonathan Demme, the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs, has died at the age of 83.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has backed Lutalo Muhammad's nomination for the London 2012 taekwondo team after a "thorough review" of the selection process for Aaron Cook.
The Metropolitan Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man found dead in south-east London five years ago for a "failing in duty" during a reinvestigation into his death.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for life for her murder.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
A midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) is to be set up at Caithness General Hospital in Wick, NHS Highland has announced.
Leeds Rhinos kept alive their hopes of a home Super League play-off semi-final with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at Headingley.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said the High Court's decision to halt the printing of ballot papers for next month's elections is an attempt to "intimidate" the opposition.
A huge storm has hit the US city of Houston, Texas, in America.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend felt he had been ignored by her ex-boyfriend, a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history with a thumping victory over local rivals Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle.
Russell Brand has said he will take legal action against The Sun after the newspaper accused him of hypocrisy.
Paul Murray was a 15-year-old football fan from Stoke-on-Trent who travelled to the match with his dad, Tony, who was also a Liverpool fan.
Rescue teams are searching the waters around an island where a gunman dressed as a police officer opened fire on a youth camp, killing at least 15 people, as the death toll from Friday's bomb and shooting attacks in Oslo rises to 77.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict.
North Ferriby's winless start to the National League season continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Bromley.
Sussex have re-appointed former captain Murray Goodwin as batting coach for the 2016 season.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled and ferry services cancelled as strong winds continue to batter the island.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9% in the last three months of 2016, its slowest pace since 2009, according to official figures.
Teenagers' brains are better at learning from bad experiences than adults, a study suggests.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana's Glacier National Park, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour is expected to rise on the Night Tube when the service starts in September, according to Transport for London (TfL).
A former nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's Super Sixes of the ICC Women's World Twenty20 for the first time after beating Thailand in Colombo on Sunday.
A public inquiry is to be held into plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle to allow glamping, the council has said.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman may need to "toughen up" after criticising the club's training schedule, says Republic of Ireland team-mate Michael Keane.
A jury in the trial of two men accused of murdering a supermarket worker has retired to consider its verdicts.
German airline Lufthansa is to charge travellers who buy tickets from online travel agencies a fee to use its own website.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the Irish Football Association's decision not to punish Carrick Rangers for failing to implement a touchline ban.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow have found that the length of a creature's DNA can predict how long it will live.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has signed into law a series of tough new laws aimed at cracking down on the growing number of kidnappings.
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive at the hospital where a woman died after giving birth to her second son, an inquest has heard.
An Islamic court in Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for homosexual offences in the north-eastern city of Bauchi, officials say.
Russian track and field minister Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for Russian athletes to retire from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor in the capital, Kampala, police say.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto any law that legalised discrimination against gay people, after a backlash against a new religious freedom law.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Russia and Qatar had "no choice" but to bribe Fifa during the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, according to Sepp Blatter's former chief of staff.
A convicted murderer who fled to Britain after being convicted of two murders has been told he will be extradited to his native Albania.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley has backed the Football Association of Wales to decide whether players will wear poppies on Armistice Day.
A collection of diving helmets from around the world has sold at auction for more than £50,000.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway.
Championship side Bristol City have signed Preston North End midfielder Josh Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Some GP surgeries in England could be "allowed to fail" because of a lack of money to help struggling practices, the BBC has learned.
As Liverpool legend Ian Rush, Kevin Keegan, Kenny Dalglish and Roy of the Rovers' Ian Rush all made their mark in European footballing history, the club's record goalscorer John Wallace is a name that has never been forgotten.
Slavery and human trafficking are serious and organised crime with those involved likely to be involved in the other serious crimes like drug production, kidnapping and the criminal use of firearms.
One of the last surviving World War Two underground railway tunnels in London has been opened up to the public for the first time.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until he wins a trophy, and will not do so "at any price".
England manager Mark Sampson has been cleared of bullying and harassment claims made by Eniola Aluko, the Football Association has confirmed.
Prison suicides in England and Wales rose to 88 in 2013-14, the highest number in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is set to name his first senior squad for Euro 2016 qualifiers against Czech Republic and Scotland Under-21s later this month.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was found at a house in Wrexham.
Northampton flanker Phil Foden says he will have to "push myself to the limit" to keep up with England team-mate Mike Brown after his try-scoring performance against Harlequins on Saturday.
Mark Duffy eased into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-0 win over China's Ding Junhui, who was booed by the home crowd after his first-round defeat.
A free school breakfast scheme for pupils in Blackpool should be extended for another year, researchers have recommended.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country is to retire after more than 30 years in charge of a Devon school.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Moors left-back Joe Ward on loan until the end of the season.
The remains of a man whose body was found in a forest in Gwynedd have been identified as a man with serious head trauma.
As a child growing up in Orkney in the 1980s, I remember walking through the streets of my township in the early hours of New Year's Eve.
The Hong Kong government has announced plans to create a "one-stop" border crossing between Hong Kong and mainland China.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan to help the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban, the country's defence minister says.
A man has died in hospital after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
The government is "turning back the clock" to the 1850s by allowing unqualified staff to teach in schools in England, a teachers' union has said.
The Unite union and the Communication Workers Union (CWU) have said they are "fully committed" to talks with Royal Mail over its proposed changes to its pension scheme.
Jersey Warriors' new centre Alex Stevens says the club are aiming for a top-four finish in the Championship after making his debut for the club on Saturday.
The US Navy's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned warplane has made its first test flight.
Shares in chipmaker Qualcomm fell more than 10% in after-hours trading after the company announced plans to cut costs by $1.4bn (Â£1.1bn).
Two people have been rescued after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Manchester city centre.
China has executed five Uighur men in the western province of Xinjiang, state media say, as part of a crackdown on terrorism.
A community hall that was threatened with closure before being saved by a group of volunteers has reopened to the public.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry.
If you were mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) by your high street bank then you may not get the same compensation as you would if you were sold it via your credit card.
If you've ever wondered what you could do with your wee, you could be in luck!
Facebook says it has produced detailed maps of the world's population for the first time, using data from billions of satellite images.
Warrington returned to the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2012 with a comfortable win over neighbours Widnes Vikings.
The organisers of this year's E3 Harelbeke cycling event in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a cyclist "pinching" a podium girl.
As the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) prepares to set up a regional protection force for South Sudan's capital, Juba, it has warned that the situation in the country is "dire" with up to six million children affected.
Two police officers have been left shaken after a brick was thrown through the windscreen of their patrol car in Londonderry.
Emma Watson has been speaking out about gender equality for the first time.
Network Rail has been told by the rail regulator that it needs to do more to improve the reliability of its services.
Morocco were knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations in the quarter-finals as a late goal from Mohamed Abdel-Moneim earned Egypt a 1-0 win in Gabon.
Two police officers have been ordered to face a misconduct hearing over claims they gave evidence to MPs in a row with Andrew Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caterham, south London, may have been involved in an earlier stabbing, an inquest has heard.
A moustache contest is being held in Dover on Saturday, in what is thought to be the first of its kind in the UK.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals accused of illegal mining in a crackdown on illegal mining, Chinese state media report.
Two Kilcoo players are to be suspended by the Ulster Council following an investigation into allegations of racial abuse.
John McEnroe has urged Australia's Nick Kyrgios to "work harder at his game" after his shock Wimbledon fourth-round exit.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto a "friend" during a surprise visit to the US, saying he wants to build a border wall.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of middle-aged mice and delay the onset of age-related diseases, a study suggests.
A man who was killed in a "targeted attack" outside a Denbighshire shop has been named by police.
Warrington Wolves have released prop Chris Bailey, half-back Jamie Cox and prop Chris Dodds after their contracts were cancelled by mutual consent.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after police gave up a pursuit when it failed to stop for officers.
Championship side Sunderland have signed Italy striker Federico Chiellini on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee from Serie A side Fiorentina.
An archaeological dig at a medieval castle has uncovered artefacts dating back to the Roman and medieval eras, according to Durham University.
The former editor of the Sun, Ken MacKenzie, has described comments he made about a mixed-race footballer as "racist".
Torquay United have been taken over by a group of investors from Hong Kong who have bought the National League club for an undisclosed fee.
Vulnerable adults in police custody in England and Wales are not getting the support they need from appropriate adults, according to a report by the Law Society.
Stuart Hogg (Scotland) Club: Glasgow Warriors Age: 24 Lions in 2013 Jared Payne (Ireland) club: Ulster Age: 31 Lions debutant
Manchester United moved nine points clear at the top of the Premier League as goals from Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini saw off a stubborn Leicester City at Old Trafford.
Proposals to make non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence have been backed by the government.
The UK's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the chance to stay after Brexit and enjoy the same rights as those living in other EU countries.
Two of the main suspects in the Barcelona and Cambrils terror attacks have appeared in court in Madrid, telling a court that they had planned to carry out a much bigger attack.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a jury he had "absolutely nothing to do" with the murder, blaming it on "a Geordie man".
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison in South Yorkshire has been arrested.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at this week's US Open despite being forced to pull out of the first two warm-up events of the season.
David Lammy has said he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader, saying the party needs a "new generation" to lead it after its election defeat.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted fraudulently using £11,000 of NHS money to pay her husband to produce a newsletter that never existed.
Google is to allow advertisers to measure the impact of its adverts on the high street, using the data it has gathered on users' shopping habits.
A 20-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted by a man who drove her to a layby in Midlothian and left her in the back of a car.
The UK's population grew by 491,100 between mid-2013 and mid-2014, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions, keeping him at the club until 2020.
Guernsey have been drawn at home for the first time in five years in the FA Cup second qualifying round.
The controversial Garden Bridge over the River Thames should be scrapped because of a lack of value for money and spiralling costs, a report has said.
A major road in central London has reopened after being closed for several hours following a burst water main.
"Death, taxes and the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal" is the front page headline on Thursday's Belfast Telegraph.
The husband of a dentist who was arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's death has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A former Texas police officer has been charged with murder in connection with the death of a black teenager who was shot dead by a white officer.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's stance on terrorism has led to a backlash on social media.
British rower David Pitcher is attempting to become the fastest solo rower to row the Atlantic for a second time.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 in the first leg of their World Cup qualifier in Lisbon.
Five British men arrested in India have been released on bail after spending more than two years in jail.
At the start of this year, the Taliban lost control of Sangin, a strategically important district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand to government forces.
As the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz is marked, a former British prisoner of war (PoW) from the Nazi death camp says he has fond memories of playing football with fellow prisoners during World War Two.
It's that time of year again: Glastonbury Festival is under way, with thousands of revellers heading to Worthy Farm in Somerset for one of the UK's biggest music festivals.
Twelve people had to be rescued from the roof of a three-storey hotel in Cardiff after it caught fire.
Ghana has been told by an international tribunal to stop new oil drilling in a disputed area of the Atlantic off the coast of Ivory Coast.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving during a police operation which led to the deaths of four people, it has been revealed.
Footballer Ched Evans was a "wealthy, successful young footballer" who "felt entitled" to have sex with a woman who was too drunk to consent, his rape trial has heard.
The British and Irish Lions were without Stuart Hogg for the second Test against the All Blacks after he suffered an ankle injury in Saturday's defeat by the Crusaders.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that the Scottish government has ordered the removal of a family of beavers that have been found in Tayside.
A number of men have been seen on the roof of a building at Bridgend Prison.
Sunderland have sacked head coach Dick Advocaat after just eight games in charge of the Premier League club.
The former chief executive of a young people's services company was accused of bullying staff and making appointments with a "heavy bias towards black and minority ethnics", the BBC has learned.
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels as part of a £10m scheme to reduce household bills.
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association for not doing enough to help the next generation of British tennis players.
Northampton Town midfielder Jordan Richards says manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" in the dressing room since taking charge of the League Two champions.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford will compete in the long jump at the World Championships in London on Saturday after qualifying for the final.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is "deeply sorry" for the "hurt" caused by the Hillsborough disaster.
The RSPCA has appealed for help to find the owner of a pony that was deliberately dumped in a remote part of Lincolnshire.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it into Europe will be allowed to come to the UK, David Cameron has announced.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he has decided to shave off his full beard because he believes the BBC is "pogonophobic" about beards.
Dance act Major Lazer have topped the UK album chart with Alternative Light Source, their first full-length studio album for 16 years.
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country's National Assembly that he wants to introduce sweeping economic and social reforms.
The six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League (WCSL) will be based in the south west, south east and north of England, it has been announced.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 20% in the past three years, according to new figures.
The bodies of dozens of migrants have washed up on the Libyan coast after two boats carrying them capsized off the coast of Zuwara, officials say.
A ceasefire has started in the Syrian city of Aleppo, which is one of the biggest cities in the country.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused by a coach as a child.
Dundee Waterfront has been given the go-ahead for the creation of two new gardens as part of the £1bn project to redevelop the city's waterfront.
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach on a two-year contract.
Leeds Rhinos and Scotland prop Chris Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season after rupturing his anterior cruciate ligament.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of five assistant captains for this week's match against Europe.
Lewis Hamilton says he hopes Mercedes do not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg after the pair crashed out of the Austrian Grand Prix.
A total of 10 soldiers who died in World War One have been identified through DNA tests after their remains were found in France more than a century ago.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored their first goals for Ukraine as they beat Slovenia to take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of their Euro 2016 play-off.
Ospreys full-back Gareth Rees says his side did not overdo it in the second half of their Champions Cup defeat by Exeter Chiefs as they missed out on a place in the last 16.
A new stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened to traffic.
Match of the Day Kickabout takes a look back at the history of the Football League.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her sex.
Young people's mental health in the UK is "grossly lacking" with thousands "on the brink of serious mental illness", according to a new report.
An Israeli Arab suspected of killing three people in Tel Aviv on Saturday has been shot dead by security forces, Israeli police say.
A man has been jailed for five-and-a-half years after being found guilty of attempting to murder a father-of-two in a knife attack.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her boyfriend has posted a record $100m (Â£65m) bail to avoid being released on bail, her lawyer has said.
Nurseries in England are facing a recruitment crisis because of a requirement for staff to have a GCSE, industry leaders say.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for raising interest rates has "strengthened" in recent months.
(Close): Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 6% after the company reported a loss for the final three months of 2016.
A few years ago, I had a fake girlfriend.
A tennis player who was brought to Wales as an asylum seeker as a child has won an award at the start of Black History Month.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root has been confirmed as Alastair Cook's successor as England Test captain.
A meeting has been held to "condemn and condemn" police for using a Muslim as a terrorist in a counter-terrorism training exercise.
Star Wars actor John Boyega is returning to London's West End to play Chewbacca in a one-man show at Theatre Peckham.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable victory over Ross County at Dens Park.
A minister has been heckled in the House of Commons as he defended the government's work to help women who have lost out on state pension payments.
A Ceredigion university's "hidden history" is to be revealed as part of a £10m project to transform one of the UK's oldest Gothic revival buildings.
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel Friday's All-Ireland Club Championship game against Ballymena United after their Drumahoe ground was badly damaged by Tuesday's flooding.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher as their new director of football.
The German government has said it will distribute asylum seekers across the country's 16 federal states by the so-called "Koenigsteiner Key".
Scientists are analysing ancient sediments from the deep-sea for clues to how the Earth's climate has changed in the past.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike for the first time in more than a year, with hospitals across the country paralysed by the action.
Three US marines have died and two others are missing after an aircraft crashed off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
An escaped corn snake made of plastic has been rescued by the SSPCA after it was spotted in a park in Aberdeen.
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be built next summer, the defence secretary has confirmed.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, the interior ministry says.
The Prince of Wales has marched with the Royal Welch Fusiliers in Conwy to mark the start of the annual Royal goat parade.
Indian nurses who were held hostage by Islamist militants in Iraq have returned home after being freed by the militants.
St Johnstone's Gary Anderson says he is "not bothered" by the Scottish FA's decision to open a disciplinary case against Rangers defender Kieran Kiernan.
Luton Town chief executive David Sweet says the League Two promotion bid for the Hatters is the "beginning of a resurgence" for the non-league club.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw 2-2 at home to Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a "free vote" on whether the UK should take part in air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man, thought to have been buried more than 2,000 years ago, has been produced by experts at Dundee University.
Chipotle Mexican Grill has been linked to an outbreak of E. coli in four US states, US health officials have said.
The mother of a teenage girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live has said she is afraid to return to the Chicago neighbourhood where she went missing after the attack.
Tsai Ing-wen has been described by many as a "mystery" - a woman of few words who doesn't speak much English, who has never been to the United States, and who has not been to China.
British pair Andy Murray and James Ward have a chance to reach the last 16 of Wimbledon for the first time on Saturday.
Plans for a £1bn tidal lagoon in Swansea Bay have been described as a "disgrace" by an MP who has written to David Cameron to urge him to back the project.
The number of animal cruelty cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales fell last year, the charity has said.
The 2015 Formula 1 season gets under way on Sunday with the opening race in Australia.
Armed police have been involved in a security alert on the M6 Toll in Staffordshire after a coach carrying passengers was stopped by officers following a report of a suspicious substance.
Four London councils have spent more than £500,000 on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Storm Axel, the strongest storm to hit northern Germany in more than a decade, has caused flooding and power cuts in the north-east of the country.
The Pantheon mausoleum in Paris has inducted a group of World War Two resistance fighters into its hall of fame for the first time.
A 90-year-old woman is in a stable condition in hospital after being attacked by a man who broke into her home and raped her.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead after the first round of the Masters at Augusta National as high winds and heavy rain failed to dampen the mood at the Augusta National course.
Plans for automatic pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences are to be considered by the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher has been struck off for "failing to uphold the integrity of the exam process" and for using a personal email account to contact a pupil.
A motoring festival which attracted more than 40,000 visitors last year has been cancelled because of council funding cuts.
A total of 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football, it has been revealed.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League play-off semi-finals on Thursday after reaching the last four for the first time in his career.
Imagine having to get down on your hands and knees and change on a dirty floor or squashing yourself into the back of your car just because there isn't a bench and hoist in the toilet.
One of the most prominent activists fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria has been killed by the group, a monitoring group says.
Too many young people are being "drifted into further studies or their first job, which often has no real prospect of progression", a House of Lords report says.
China has launched an anti-phishing campaign on its search engines in a bid to stop people falling for online scams.
Video replays are being trialled in Major League Soccer for the first time in the United States.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea as they prepare to defend their Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations title.
Upsetting events often make the news because they don't happen very often.
Politicians have been reacting to the news that a prison officer who was injured in a bomb attack last week has died.
Venezuela has closed its western border with Colombia for a month in an attempt to cut down on the smuggling of cheap goods into the country.
Poland has one of Europe's largest media industries and is one of the world's largest broadcasters.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Miami Open as she lost 6-4 7-5 to Karolina Pliskova in the second round.
Work has started on a £30m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil which has been in the pipeline for more than 20 years.
Cardiff Blues wing James Botham has made his debut for Wales at the Under-20 Rugby World Cup.
Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France as Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey.
You can contact your local police, who are the only people with the proper powers to assess criminal allegations against Jimmy Savile.
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun the process of withdrawing heavy weapons as part of a peace deal aimed at ending the conflict in the region.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to its letter delivery business from increased competition, as it reported a fall in profits.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Four Russian women wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage for their service in the conflict, the Kremlin has said.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "fully loaded" when the sides meet in Dublin on Saturday for a rematch of their historic Test match.
The director general of Argentina's police, Gen Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over a prostitution scandal, Attorney General Carlos Ordonez has announced.
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and move up to third in La Liga.
British number one Johanna Konta was left in tears after Romania's Ilie Nastase was sent off the court during their Fed Cup tie in Constanta on Saturday.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Professional Footballers' Association World XI for the first time.
Leyton Orient midfielder Chris Long has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a further year.
At least 15 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in two explosions on buses near the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court how she gave footballer Adam Johnson a "thank you kiss and more" after he asked her for a sex act in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after being involved in a crash during Sunday's race in the United States.
A three-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been released from hospital.
Michael Barnes' professional debut ended in disaster as he was knocked out in the first round of his fight against Bulgarian Nikita Slavchev in Belfast on Saturday night.
Theresa May has said she is confident US President-elect Donald Trump will be "open and honest" with her when they meet for their first face-to-face talks next week.
The gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the size of the economy and is one of the key indicators used by the Bank of England to set interest rates.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource which gives teachers and school leaders access to "effective interventions" to help close the attainment gap between rich and poor children.
Greece has ruled out taking Britain to court over the repatriation of the Parthenon Marbles.
The government has overspent on social security by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to a new report.
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Armenia in Yerevan.
A Holyrood committee is to review building safety standards in high-rise flats in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League with victory over Newcastle, who remain without a win this season.
Work has begun on the first phase of a £5m regeneration project in Fishguard, Pembrokeshire.
One of Ukraine's most prominent anti-government protesters, Olexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his Kiev flat, the latest in a series of unexplained deaths in the country.
The French centre-right presidential candidate, Nicolas Sarkozy, has dismissed a book by one of his former advisers as an "act of treachery".
Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club.
The room where the Duke of Wellington slept when he died has been recreated at Walmer Castle to mark the 150th anniversary of his death.
People are happier and more relaxed when they watch aquariums with more fish in them, a study has found.
Easyjet is planning to use drones and hi-tech glasses to help repair its fleet of planes, the airline has announced.
The new trailer for the next James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
Hundreds of workers at a Walkers crisps factory in County Durham are set to lose their jobs after the firm confirmed it is to close the factory.
A former recording studio in Granada, which was once used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on television, has been turned into a music video studio.
Russian law enforcement agents have been visiting dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in the past week, activists say.
The swine flu vaccine Pandemrix may have been linked to narcolepsy in children in the UK, according to new research.
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of a global league table of the world's best universities than any other country.
Two giant Welsh dragon sculptures have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle to mark St David's Day.
A woman who admitted fraud and embezzlement while working as an estate agent has been given a community payback order.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against diseases such as measles, measles and whooping cough, in a bid to cut the number of children who are not vaccinated.
Oscar Pérez is one of Venezuela's most wanted men, accused of carrying out a daring attack on the Supreme Court in Caracas on Tuesday.
The SNP has been confirmed as the official third largest party in the House of Commons and will chair two select committees.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of ash trees for the first time in the UK.
With just over a week to go until the US election, here's a round-up of the key stories, headlines and quotes from the campaign trail.
A private street in San Francisco's exclusive Presidio neighbourhood has been sold by the city over a unpaid tax bill - and now some of the city's wealthiest residents are trying to buy it back.
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton moved out of the National League relegation zone with a comfortable win over Gateshead.
The bodies of two British climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, Swiss police say.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games after being sent off in Sunday's defeat by Fiorentina.
When someone has a cigarette they inhale smoke - but this smoke is also breathed in by everyone else around them - and this is called passive smoking.
Mental health patients at Bracknell Forest Hospital are to be asked to give their views on the services they receive.
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in pubs and clubs in England and Wales should be scrapped, a House of Lords committee has said.
Plans for a £50m surfing centre in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead after the Welsh government awarded £3.5m to the developers.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 to take a 1-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series after a dominant start from Corey Kluber in Game One.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said his team were "running around like ducks" during the Monaco Grand Prix after he missed out on a podium for the second race in a row.
Brighton & Hove Albion fans have called for Leicester City to be fined after homophobic chanting during their Premier League match at the King Power Stadium.
Firefighters have tackled a large bonfire in west Belfast that was set alight early on Tuesday morning.
Donald Trump has a path to the White House, and it's real.
Svetlana Purve-Jorendal was born in Pune, India, to an Indian woman who was trafficked to Sweden and given up for adoption.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix as his team-mate Max Verstappen finished second.
A serial killer who murdered 20 women in the 1970s and 1980s could be moved back to prison, the BBC has learned.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education in a Powys high school have been rejected by the full council.
 Blink 182's Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit the band.
Firefighters had to cut a hole in a tyre to free a woman who became trapped in a car tyre at a children's play park.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean" and should not have been sent off, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised for her role in a corruption scandal that has left her facing calls for her resignation.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate whether the death penalty should be reinstated in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died after an accident on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors have applied for permission to appeal against the prison sentence given to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend last year.
The owners of Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, have lost a High Court bid to get a certificate to allow unrestricted flying at the airfield.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Newcastle United.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell its Yihaodian brand to Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com in a deal worth more than $2bn (Â£1.6bn).
A former Welsh Secretary has accused the UK government of "breaking a manifesto commitment" over plans to devolve income tax powers to the assembly without a referendum.
UKIP would set up a dedicated veterans' minister and create a national defence medal for everyone who serves in the armed forces, the party has said.
Here's a round-up of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
The government is "hardening" its stance on renewable energy subsidies, the BBC has learned.
A memorial service is being held in Cardiff to mark the centenary of a World War One ambulance unit.
Great Britain's Marcus Langridge and Marcus Ellis won Olympic gold in the men's badminton doubles with a dramatic victory over world number one Chen Long and Chenwei Wenbo of China in Rio.
Last week was a bad week for London Underground workers.
Coventry City's Sky Blue Trust has said it does not condone "anti-social and illegal" behaviour by fans during a protest against the club's owners on Saturday.
China has said it is "firmly committed" to the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has posed for a photo with an air ambulance volunteer who saved the lives of six people after a rollercoaster crash.
A High Court judge has ruled that Stormont's environment minister Mark Durkan broke the ministerial code in approving a controversial planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot from Chesterfield on a two-year deal following his release by the League Two club.
New Hartlepool United manager Paul Hignett says he was "surprised" by the quality of the players he has seen since taking charge of the League Two club.
Actor George Cole, who has died at the age of 91, was one of Britain's best-loved and most recognisable Cockney actors.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index of leading shares closed down by about 0.5% after the Bank of England's decision to keep interest rates on hold.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have begun a three-day strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions.
"We are going to bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia has arrested two people for allegedly running an operation to sabotage peace talks between the government and left-wing Farc rebels in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new chief executive for girls and women's football.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included in Manchester United's Europa League squad for the first time since his retirement from international football.
Two security guards have been threatened with a gun during an armed robbery at a bank in Glasgow city centre.
US President Donald Trump has withdrawn the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, on the first day of his presidency.
The funeral has taken place in Perth of John and Ann Graham, one of three Scots killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
A pair of underwear worn by Queen Victoria are to be sold at auction next week, dating back to the last 10 years of her life.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the challenge that led to Jack Hamilton's red card in his side's 4-2 win over Partick Thistle.
Former Wales defender Dean Saunders has been offered a deal by an airport to waive his parking fee if Wales reach the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
Kettering's Mark Wilson says his record-equalling run of five consecutive centuries in a World Championship quarter-final was the "best match" of his career.
Shrinking products are being sold at lower prices in supermarkets because they are less expensive, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag at a nature reserve 12 months ago is being sought by police.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the Tour de France leader's yellow jersey as Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15.
The government has confirmed that the main route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Manchester has been chosen.
Ten-man Barnsley suffered their first league defeat of the season as Chesterfield won at Oakwell.
EDF, the French energy firm behind the planned new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point, is set to decide next week whether to press ahead with the project.
The carcass of a fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at last month's Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Rangers.
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was prevented from travelling to the US because her mother was born in Iran, under new US visa rules.
Pupils who are able and talented are not being given enough support in the education system, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear in a "deliberate" attack has been jailed for eight years.
New laws that threaten health workers with prison if they reveal information about Australia's offshore detention centres have been criticised as a "gag" against doctors and nurses.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named the National Book of the Year.
The Great British Bake Off is returning to our TV screens this week - and who do we think will be the best of the contestants?
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the governance of a hospital trust that runs the Christie cancer hospital in Manchester.
The fossilised remains of an ancient mollusc, known as Calvapilosa, have been discovered by scientists.
Derry City and Strabane Post has said it may have to move out of its current premises in the city centre.
The parents of a soldier who died on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has ruled out removing immunity from prosecution from the Ministry of Defence over the deaths of three reservists.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a farm and led police on a high-speed chase before it was abandoned.
Plaid Cymru AM Dafydd Elis-Thomas has said the party is "not willing to seriously participate" in government after his resignation from the assembly.
Donald Trump's election as US president has had a profound impact on the world of business.
Human rights group Amnesty International has warned of a "new world order" in which politicians are "shamelessly legitimising hateful rhetoric and policies based on people's identity".
There has been a lot of talk in the run-up to this week's two-day strike by junior doctors in England.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92, BBC Wales understands.
Concerns have been raised about the condition of some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas, who died in World War One.
Sussex batsman Matt Machan hit a career-best 143 not out to put his side in a strong position on day one against Worcestershire at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English football if he takes charge of the Premier League club.
More than 1,000 patients have been left stranded in hospital for more than six weeks in the last three months, according to Scottish government figures.
Maoist rebels in eastern India should be allowed to run trains through their strongholds even during the night, a senior railway minister has told the BBC.
Thousands of tiny "Tour de France" pullovers are to be knitted by knitters in Cambridge in a bid to promote the city during this year's race.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after he was arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Londonderry.
The beach where Seifeddine Rezgui stood on Friday, pulled a Kalashnikov from his parasol and unleashed a hail of bullets that killed at least 38 people, is now deserted.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed a mosque in Florida that was frequented by the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in June.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help pick up litter left in mountain bothies.
Wakefield came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and secure their place in the Super League play-offs.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has extended his contract with the Premiership club until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke just days before he was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame.
Celtic maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with an emphatic victory over Partick Thistle at Firhill.
Montrose slipped out of the Scottish League Two play-off places after losing 3-0 at home to East Stirlingshire.
Burnley defender Ben Jones has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has confirmed it has been the victim of a hacking attack.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Bradford City midfielder Jordan Rhodes on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would stop people living in the US illegally from sending money overseas to pay for his proposed border wall with Mexico.
The Conservatives have won the South Wales East seat for the party in the assembly election after a close race for the seat.
Jim McIntyre is one of four managers shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the year award after leading Ross County to the League One title.
The UK's highest court is to consider whether to allow a celebrity to take his privacy case to the Supreme Court.
South African President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has triggered a storm of criticism from within his own party.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a third party about the sale of the Premier League club.
The head of Cecil, the famous lion shot dead in Zimbabwe, could be put on display in the Hwange National Park as a memorial to the animal, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty earned Charlton a draw at Gillingham in League One.
Thousands of high earners who have opted out of receiving child benefit will have to fill in new tax forms to show they no longer qualify, the government has confirmed.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be seeking re-election in 2016.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as the club's new loan player manager.
A youth football club has cancelled all its games after travellers set up camp next to their changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower has reopened to the public for the first time since Friday's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh's hopes of reaching the British & Irish Cup quarter-finals have been dented after they were knocked out of the competition by the Rugby Football Union.
Glamorgan missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals as Dawid Malan's unbeaten 150 helped Middlesex to a five-wicket win at Lord's.
An NHS watchdog has been accused of "tradinguced" the reputation of a hospital by making 300 errors in a report into patient safety.
Police have released CCTV images of a man and woman they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Paisley.
The number of people being attacked by dogs in Wales increased by more than 50% in 2016, figures obtained by BBC Radio Wales have shown.
Heather Rabbatts, the Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BME) board member, is to step down after five years at the governing body.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one-day international history as England beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the series 2-1 in Abu Dhabi.
A man and woman have been arrested after two cyclists were killed when they were hit by a car being pursued by a police officer.
A Peebles-based online tyre distributor has been bought by Michelin for an undisclosed sum, in a deal that values the business at £1.3bn.
A draft version of a report on the future of Wales' national parks has been criticised by conservationists.
Former England all-rounder James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket because of injury.
A driverless car with virtual buttons has been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
Five fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the west coast of Scotland.
Poland's right-wing Law and Justice party has won enough votes to form a government on its own for the first time since the country's democracy was restored in 1989.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US presidential election will be "rigged" in favour of his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton.
A six-year-old boy's death was "preventable" and could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion came from behind to beat Birmingham City and move off the bottom of the Championship.
Salford Red Devils prop Josh Garbutt has accepted a two-game ban for punching an opponent in Saturday's Super League defeat by Hull FC.
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for a missing British yachtsman who went missing off the coast of Massachusetts in May.
Falkirk's local government pension fund is to invest £30m to help fund the building of new social housing.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent were bowled out for 412 by Derbyshire on day three at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his experience of working as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone.
Plans for the extension of the London Underground's Northern line have been given the go-ahead by the government.
Wales' transport minister has dismissed claims of a "conspiracy theory" over the future of cross-border rail services as "not true".
Tim Peake and his team on the International Space Station found a hidden Space Invaders game while working on a project.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, by Islamist militants.
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Bangladeshi man who spent 15 years in prison in Pakistan after illegally crossing the border from India has been reunited with his family.
Up to 80,000 customers of the US software company mSpy have had their personal data leaked on the dark web, the company has admitted.
The chief executive of Twitter has said they need to do more to stop abuse on the social network.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been asked by an MP to investigate corruption allegations surrounding the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis is facing an ultimatum from shareholders Ojjeh and Mumtalakat, who have told him to step down as chief executive of the Formula 1 team.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has denied receiving illegal payments from a party treasurer, after a newspaper published documents it said showed he had received them.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents while trying to cross the Channel from France to the UK.
Britain's Nasser Yafai won the vacant WBC world super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over former world champion Andres Gutierrez in Birmingham.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision to change the opening times of a country park in Hampshire after a campaign to keep it open longer.
A Sinn Féin MLA has agreed to pay compensation to a former Ulster Unionist Party (UDR) MP after he tweeted that he had harassed and shot people as a member of the party.
The killing of al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was an "embarrassment" for Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), the country's intelligence agency has said.
A teenager who posted videos of himself firing a handgun and a flamethrower from a drone on YouTube is taking legal action in a bid to return to school.
Delays have been reported at the new Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London after a £25m revamp of the busy junction.
Middlesex all-rounder Paul Stirling and England one-day captain Eoin Morgan hit centuries as the Division Two leaders beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded mixed on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate decision next week.
Iran's hardliners have suffered a major defeat in parliamentary elections, losing their majority for the first time in 13 years.
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's signing of Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for the Ibrox side, according to ex-Rangers defender Mick McCarthy.
Bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Eryri yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn, sy'n cynrychioli Merched y Wawr, yn ôl
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at an East Anglian motorcycling event.
More than 800,000 chemists in India are set to go on strike on Wednesday in a protest against online drug sales.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's endorsement of Donald Trump has been widely reported, but how valuable is her support for the Republican front-runner?
A botanist has said he is "devastated" after flood water swept away much of his "life's dream" garden.
Well, for many people Nick Griffin was the BNP, and his personal - and his party's - fortunes appeared to be intertwined.
Pupils at primary schools in Northern Ireland are being given advice on how to deal with stress and anxiety ahead of the big move to secondary school.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a sculpture of a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has not given up hope of re-signing Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has questioned a former partner of one of the firms involved in the controversial Nama property deal in Northern Ireland.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed England Under-17 international defender Ahmed Suliman on loan from Aston Villa until the end of the season.
If you want to make a law, you need to be an MP.
The US has said it will release a further instalment of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme, as part of a deal with world powers to limit its enrichment of uranium.
Great Britain's men's Eurobasket qualifying campaign got off to a losing start with a 76-71 defeat by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in Belfast.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has unveiled the face of its new polymer £10 note, 30 years after its paper version came into circulation.
US President Barack Obama has said the killing of five police officers in Dallas has revealed the "deepest fault line of our democracy", as he visited the city a week after the attack.
Passengers on a flight from Australia to Papua New Guinea had a close encounter with a giant snake when the reptile became stuck on the wing of the plane.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy a controlling stake in the US business news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are being offered free bus transport to a new community swimming pool in a bid to boost participation in sport.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 exoplanets, or planets outside our solar system, since it was launched in 2009.
More than 30 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to smuggle them into Wales from the Republic of Ireland, the DSPCA has said.
The government is "completely mad" to allow in-work migrants from Eastern Europe to claim benefits for longer than three months, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
A petition calling for Durham University to preserve a "brilliant" modernist building has been handed in to the city council.
The Rollright Stones in the Cotswolds have won an award for being one of the best places in the UK to view the night sky.
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as that of a man who went missing after falling into the river.
Michael Dunlop and Bruce Anstey took pole positions for Saturday's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod after a rain-hit opening day of qualifying.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern" and could lead to a breach in flood defences, a report has warned.
ScotRail has confirmed it will run fewer trains on Sundays after a dispute with drivers' union Aslef over pay and conditions.
Hungary's Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has said his country will not backtrack on controversial laws criticised by the European Union.
At first glance, you might think: "It's a sculpture."
Topps, the company that makes sports memorabilia, has warned that payment card numbers have been exposed in a hack attack.
India set a record target of 300 to beat South Africa in the final Test and complete a 3-0 series whitewash as they took a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has more than doubled since changes to the law came into force.
Two teenagers arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was stabbed at a farm in Monmouthshire have been released on bail.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land to bury people after spending more than £1m searching for a new burial site.
Four people have been killed and five others injured in a shooting at a party hosted by Chris Brown in California.
The Trump administration is set to sign a deal to sell US military aircraft to Nigeria, reversing a deal that was halted under the Obama administration, US media report.
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans to build 4,000 homes in a garden village in Surrey have been given the go-ahead by the local authority.
Agriculture is one of the biggest sources of greenhouse gas emissions from the global economy and needs to change to help deliver food security, the UN's food agency has warned.
A theatre producer has been jailed for five years for defrauding the Arts Council of Wales out of more than £50,000.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he does not know whether Chelsea captain John Terry will continue to play for the club next season.
Gavin Robinson has accused those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU of using fear tactics in the EU referendum campaign.
Afghanistan's outgoing national security chief, Gen Ashraf Zahir, has been replaced by a former provincial police chief, officials say.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to hit 14,500 by 2035, according to a new report.
The extinction of some of the UK's most threatened butterfly species could begin as early as 2050, according to a new study.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A75 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based IT company has announced plans to create 300 new jobs in the city.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at some of the stories that made headlines in Africa in 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died after being attacked in an Essex shopping centre.
A father and son who were jailed for the murder of a pensioner in a raid on his home have had their sentences increased on appeal.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been found to be the most deprived town in England, according to a new study.
Broadway star Lucie Ball is to co-host this year's Olivier Awards for best actress in a musical, it has been announced.
A commemorative tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of one of Britain's most famous landscape designers, Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple who died in a light aircraft crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "everything" mother, describing her as "everything".
The number of Scottish businesses going into administration has fallen, according to new figures from accountancy firm KPMG.
Derry and Cavan have made changes to their teams for Saturday's All-Ireland Football Championship qualifiers.
A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for five years for passing on information about a violent drug dealer to a man he met at a gym.
A man who stabbed his landlord to death with a microwave oven has been jailed for life for his murder.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, his family has said.
Patient safety will be compromised due to "performance issues" in the NHS 111 phone line, a health watchdog has warned.
Mansfield Town striker Danny Green says he turned into an "unhappy player" after his contract was cancelled by the club at the end of the season.
Britain's Olympic taekwondo team has been cleared of wrongdoing by UK Sport after a review found no evidence to support claims of poor treatment of athletes.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side earn a draw against Sussex at Hove.
The chief executive of Airdrie Savings Bank has been appointed as the new boss of Scotwest Bank.
A man who admitted defrauding five people out of more than £33,000 has been given a suspended jail sentence after paying back the money he took from them.
The head of Jamaica's anti-doping agency has said he fears the country's track and field athletes could be facing the "tip of the iceberg" after a series of failed drugs tests.
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been named as the new coach of Italy, with a three-year contract that will see him earn a salary of £1.5m a year.
Shrewsbury Town fought back from 3-0 down at half-time to beat Blackpool and move off the bottom of the League One table.
It is a tale of billions of pounds for schools, hospitals and transport projects - but what happens if the UK leaves the European Union?
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in the capital Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte has announced.
Twelve men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences after suspected victims of modern slavery were found at Chinese restaurants in the West Midlands.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has fallen dramatically since an EU deal with Turkey last week aimed at reducing the number of people trying to reach Europe.
An 89-year-old woman has been given a new bike after her old Raleigh Shopper was stolen while she was in the supermarket.
Relatives of the seven people who died in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow last year have said there is "no resolution" to the tragedy.
Mario Balotelli says he was about to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans during a Serie A match.
A fundraising event in memory of two teenagers who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers is to be held.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to be voted the greatest film of all time.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in upstate New York, has been recaptured after a two-day manhunt, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was stabbed during a traffic stop in Lancashire.
Drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales fell in North America, its biggest market.
A Cambodian community has set up an eco-tourism centre in the mangrove forests of Kampot province to encourage tourism and increase income from fishing.
West Ham United have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, which some have linked to "radical Islamic terrorism".
Here are some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Oxfordshire that we did not know last week:.
A man has appeared in court following the seizure of drugs with a street value of more than Â£3,000 during a police operation in the Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says his team-mates are determined to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016 after clinching top spot in their group.
The number of teacher vacancies in some parts of northern Scotland has risen sharply in recent years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Hollywood star George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old woman at a care home with a surprise visit.
Repairs to homes in Hertfordshire which were left without power, water and sanitation after a sinkhole opened up in a residential street have begun.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of recruitment Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters is expected to be fit for Tuesday's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Italy after missing training on Thursday because of an ankle injury.
Saracens and England fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie has been left in a flap after dropping a box of printer ink down a toilet.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as National League side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town and reach the FA Cup third round.
All photographs © Gareth Iwan Jones/Institute for Photography.
The Ministry of Defence has been accused of "exploiting holes in its system" after it announced the closure of the inquiry into allegations of abuse against UK troops in Iraq.
Nigeria's former governor of Delta state, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty in the UK to money-laundering charges.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking for a new chief executive to take charge of its children's activities.
Scotland scrum-half Tim Visser says head coach Vern Cotter will not field a second-string squad against South Africa after naming 31 players in his starting line-up.
Hundreds of people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother from Staffordshire who was criticised for feeding her baby in public.
Fleetwood Town came from behind to beat League Two Southport in extra time and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has lost a legal challenge against the Department of Health.
As part of BBC Music Day, BBC Local Radio is looking for a musical legend to be honoured with a blue plaque.
The NHS in England is "withering away" under the coalition government, a group of senior doctors has warned in an open letter to voters.
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers' union to end a blockade of roads in the southern state of Oaxaca that has left millions of people without food.
A magnitude 7.8 earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, the US Geological Survey has said.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the government will not be forced to pay back any of the money it has spent on travel expenses.
Crimestoppers has offered a £10,000 reward for information on the murder of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Gianluigi Giaccherini and Paolo Pelle scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to open their Euro 2016 campaign with victory in Paris.
Rory McIlroy is three shots behind leader Jaco van Zyl after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa, as Thomas Dubuisson moved into a share of the lead with fellow Englishman Lee Westwood.
Olympic silver medallist Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from skeleton after 10 years with Great Britain.
Firefighters remain at the scene of a thatch roof fire at a bungalow in Suffolk.
An NHS trust and a funeral company have apologised after a politician's body was mistaken for that of another politician who died at the same hospital, a report has found.
A new combined authority for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has been told to reconsider plans to recruit 15 new staff after its budget was increased from £1.2m to £2m.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time in his career as he and American partner Jack Sock won their semi-final in Melbourne.
A huge snowstorm has hit the north-east of England, causing travel disruption and power cuts.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing.
The chairman of the Airports Commission has defended its decision not to back Heathrow expansion, saying Gatwick's arguments were "unsubstantiated".
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium is in talks with boxing promoters about hosting a fight between Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury, says its chief executive Mark Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality after promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by League Two side Macclesfield Town.
A new website has been launched to replace the former BHS online shop, following the closure of the department store chain.
In the aftermath of the devastating floods in Bangladesh, Joba Rani had to sell three of her cows to pay off the instalments on a microfinance loan she had taken out to help pay for her crops.
The Obama administration is "in the final stages" of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House press secretary has said.
Drivers on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise after a long-running dispute over pay.
An MP who was falsely accused of trading with the so-called Islamic State group has been awarded more than Â£200,000 damages.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition against a major trade deal between the European Union and the United States.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sell the club to former striker Chris Holdsworth, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland made it two wins from two in the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists in China say they have developed a gene-editing technique that can shrink tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", is set to be handed over to a private investor.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to three women for their work for peace, equality and justice.
Belfast Capitals beat Cardiff Devils 2-0 at the SSE Arena on Thursday night to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils.
Great Britain's Katie Belcher won a silver medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan as Great Britain secured four places at the Rio Olympics.
Alton Towers security staff were called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash "within minutes" of the accident, the fire service has said.
A man has been detained under the mental health act after a bomb squad was called to Sydney's Bondi Beach in Australia's largest city, Sydney.
Seven detainees who allegedly took part in unrest at Australia's Christmas Island immigration detention centre are being transferred to mainland Australia, the Border Force says.
Changes to the way pig carcasses are inspected in the UK could lead to thousands of diseased animals going undetected, a senior meat inspector has warned.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Christian Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
The mother and grandmother of a disabled teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson have been found guilty of child cruelty.
A building has collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, killing at least five people and leaving at least two missing.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United left-back Chris Sweeney on a two-year deal.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has taken part in a live call with schoolchildren to answer their questions about life in space.
A man who broke the skull of a three-month-old boy in a "cowardly" attack while on the run from Polish authorities has been jailed.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of a £1m prize for the best teacher in the world.
North Wales could benefit from the "Northern Powerhouse" and should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to work better with the north of England, the head of Greater Manchester has said.
Grimsby Town have signed former Bristol Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a two-year contract.
Adele has won album of the year at the Grammys, beating Beyonce to the top prize for the first time in the ceremony's history.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion was "vital" for their Premier League survival hopes.
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland to have its own divisional patent court.
A dress worn by Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from the hotel where she was staying after the ceremony, police say.
Radiohead have released their own theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre, a year after Sam Smith's track was chosen as the theme tune.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 to secure their second win of the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
Police officers in England and Wales earned more than £100,000 in overtime pay last year, figures obtained by BBC 5 live have shown.
Archaeologists working at Edinburgh Castle have discovered what are believed to be the remains of defensive walling dating back to the 16th Century.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Ontario has offered to buy a school that could be shut down in order to save money.
An environmental permit has been revoked for a recycling site in Manchester which was the scene of a major fire last month.
When Google bought Tony Fadell's Nest in 2014, it got the man dubbed the "the iPod's father" - the engineer who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, and then worked alongside Jony Ive to build the iPhone.
Uefa president Michel Platini will be the "reform candidate" in next month's Fifa presidential election, says the Football Association.
Shrewsbury moved out of the League One relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Gillingham.
Plans for a £100m sports and housing development in Stirlingshire, which would include a new tennis and golf centre and hotel, have been criticised by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets.
Ed Miliband may have kissed Barbara Jones on the cheek at Labour's conference in Cardiff on Tuesday, but that didn't stop some of the delegates from getting a bit jealous.
A US military plane has been shot down by a Russian fighter jet over Japan, US defence officials say, in the second such incident between the two countries in less than a month.
Snapchat has said its video-streaming service has seen more than one billion views a day for the first time.
Mobile phone company Three has apologised after some of its customers were unable to make or receive calls and texts for several hours on Saturday.
An all-boys school in Sydney, Australia, has banned its students from clapping during assemblies.
A made-up MEP was picked out by 12% of people who saw his name when asked to name Wales' four MEPs in the European Parliament, a study has suggested.
"Bonkers Bruno locked up in mental home" was the headline on the front page of the Daily Mirror's front page when it first reported the news that Bruno was suffering from depression.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Chloe Williams says she is feeling "added pressure" after winning gold for Great Britain at the European Championships.
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must fight WBA world heavyweight champion David Ortiz in November or risk being stripped of his title.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) offices have been sealed off by police amid a power struggle between two rival factions of the governing body.
The curlew, one of Northern Ireland's most important birds of prey, has been added to the British Birds of Conservation Concern (RSPBNI) red list.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for Fiction for his latest book, The Map and the Territory, a satirical satire of the art world in Paris.
A cyclist has been killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in south London.
Frenchman Daniel Levy shot a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship in Germany.
The former Battersea Power Station in south-east London has been put up for sale for the first time.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack on a US military base in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition says.
Gregor Townsend will name his final Scotland squad for next month's tour of Australia and Australia on Saturday, with his final game in charge of Glasgow Warriors against Edinburgh.
Port Vale goalkeeper Callum Smith is attracting interest from Championship clubs, according to the club's director of football Steve Smurthwaite.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, the country's air force says.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector contracted at its fastest pace in more than three years in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Roma lost ground on Serie A leaders Juventus as Armando Izzo's first-half own goal gave them victory at Genoa.
A ceremony has been held at the Russian embassy in London to honour veterans of World War II convoys who travelled from Britain to northern Russia to resupply the Soviet Union.
Four men have been charged in connection with an attempted murder of police officers in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Singer Ellie Goulding has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with her latest release.
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified as a man, police have said.
The death toll from an outbreak of cholera in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the health ministry says, as the number of people infected with the disease continues to rise.
It may seem like a bold move for the Conservatives to scrap free school meals for infant pupils in England.
The UK's construction sector may have avoided a recession, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's comments about Chinese officials threatening to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK last year have been caught on camera.
Former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager on a two-year contract.
A Stirling man has been jailed for six months after being caught with a kilo of herbal cannabis with a street value of more than Â£100,000.
As part of the BBC's So I Can Breathe series, people have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them.
An 11-year-old pianist has become an internet sensation after he was nominated for a Grammy Award at New York's Jazz at Lincoln Center gala.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested by police investigating the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has backed a campaign to force the German government to compensate victims of the Thalidomide drug scandal.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has picked up evidence that the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko could have formed 4.5 billion years ago.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "not going to quit" the race, as more Republicans withdraw their support for him following his lewd comments about women.
A South African woman who appeared as an expert on the BBC during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has been charged with fraud.
Bernard Tomic said he was "bored" and "disrespectful" after losing in the second round of Wimbledon to Alexander Zverev.
A court in Brazil has ruled in favour of Barcelona footballer Neymar in a long-running legal dispute over alleged tax fraud.
Fidel Castro, the leader of Cuba, and the Queen, the world's longest-reigning monarch, are both celebrating their 90th birthdays.
A 15-year-old boy has been taken to hospital with head injuries after he was abducted and assaulted in what police believe was an "honour-based violence" attack in Blackburn.
Author Laurence Silberman's book about the impact of autism has won the £20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for Popular Science Book of the Year.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for their EuroHockey Championships warm-up matches against the Netherlands after recovering from injury.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a number of vehicles were deliberately set alight in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister of Northern Ireland has said his mother was "appalled" when she found out her son was a member of the IRA.
Thousands of people from Northern Ireland have travelled to the Republic of Ireland to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement.
A man who admitted causing the death of a woman in a head-on crash in County Tyrone has been given a two-year suspended sentence.
Two men have been found not guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, who drowned while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen believes the Pro12 could be a "huge door" for South African players looking to make their mark in Europe.
Israel "deeply regrets" the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 war in the Gaza Strip, its foreign ministry has said in a report.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying campaign has been a nightmare from start to finish, and Friday night's 2-0 defeat by Poland was just the latest in a series of setbacks for the Scots.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA super-heavyweight champion Christian Braehmer and regain his WBO title.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted by the government to mark the 50th anniversary of his death.
On the third anniversary of the Manchester Arena attack, the city is still in shock.
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was hit with a crowbar during an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
Tinie Tempah, one of the UK's most successful grime artists, has returned to the studio to record his third album, Youth.
Trench coats maker Aquascutum, whose coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War and explorer Edmund Hillary in the first ascent of Mount Everest, is set to be sold.
Dozens of people queued up to withdraw more than £1,000 from a cash machine in North Lanarkshire after a fault caused it to pay out double the amount they asked for.
A building at the University of Aberdeen has been closed after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected by the governing body.
The number of student doctors training places in England is to be doubled, the government has announced.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Premiership leaders Saracens ran in seven tries to thrash Bath at the Stoop.
Cheltenham Town have signed Jack Kashket from League Two rivals Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton defender Alex Gape on loan.
With the start of the new Premier League season just around the corner, it is time for some familiar faces to return to their old clubs.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of her ordeal.
A court in Japan has ruled that women cannot take their husband's surname after marriage, in a ruling that has been criticised by campaigners.
Ospreys scrum-half Ken Owens says Ospreys have "built momentum" after a run of four wins in their last five Pro12 games.
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says his side are "full of confidence" after reaching the One-Day Cup Finals Day for the first time since 2006.
Strictly Come Dancing finalist Ore Oduba has revealed he thought he was going to take his own life because of depression.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is looking for a running mate to help him win the White House in November's election.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to figures from the United Nations.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take their children out of school for holidays outside of school terms.
The woman at the centre of a police inquiry into claims of historical child sex abuse by Sir Edward Heath says she had "no involvement" with the former prime minister.
The ban on blood donations from gay men who have ever had sex with another man is being lifted in the UK.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July to decide whether to accept or reject the terms of an EU-IMF bailout.
It's three years ago this week that England beat Australia in a one-day international at Edgbaston.
Lancashire missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after rain washed out their match against Warwickshire.
The Six Nations could be "mixed with players' health" if it is reduced to a six-week tournament, says Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies.
A body has been found in the search for a cyclist who went missing on a cycle path in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and other health workers could be brought in to help cover for doctor shortages in the NHS in England, a think tank has said.
More than 3,000 people, including dozens of children, have been evacuated from the last remaining rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
The death toll from an attack by rival Libyan forces on an airbase in the east of the country has risen to 140, officials say.
How much would it cost for a student to borrow to get a degree in England?
Labour has appointed Angela Glass as shadow education secretary in the shadow cabinet following the resignation of Angela Powell.
England and Scotland meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday, with both teams aiming to qualify for the 2018 tournament.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said US-Russia relations are at a "low point" following a meeting with his Russian counterpart.
Cheshire has the potential to benefit from the government's Northern Powerhouse, but the county has been left behind in the race for devolution.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in County Antrim.
Uganda and Burundian troops fighting in Somalia say they have not been paid for the last six months, the BBC has learned.
An Australian man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police say.
The US space agency Nasa has developed a new material that could be used in space.
Professional dog collies have been used to combat the spread of E. coli in the seas around the world for the first time.
A rare bird of prey has been shot dead in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
The challenge to Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party is being seen by his opponents as a sign of a possible split in the party.
Police have said they could use "extra powers" to stop and search fans at this weekend's Champions League final in Cardiff.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades campaigning against the destruction of the nation's forests has won the 2015 Goldman Environmental Prize.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City and move back into second place in the Premier League.
The world's poorest countries are the hardest places to be a girl to marry, according to a new report by Save the Children.
Sunderland Ladies striker Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
William Boyd, the author of A Good Man in Africa, is to write the next James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has admitted sending indecent images of himself to a schoolgirl he met at a tournament.
A man has paid more than £1,000 for a pumpkin that he hopes will become the world's heaviest.
McLaren's poor start to the Formula 1 season is "not good enough", says team boss Eric Boullier.
All three and four-year-olds in England will be able to go to nursery for 30 hours a week completely free under Conservative plans for childcare, David Cameron has said.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should take some responsibility for claims that the UK has been "too soft on extremists".
Wigan defender Ben Watson will not be out for as long as initially feared after breaking his leg in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
It's not the kind of place you would expect to see 500 people waiting for a Labour rally.
Munster are to be investigated by European Cup organisers over their treatment of Conor Murray in their win over Glasgow on Saturday.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the way council chief executives and returning officers are paid for their work at elections.
Police are investigating the death of a 73-year-old man who was found dead at his home in Saltcoats in South Lanarkshire.
Liz Sen is a woman who loves to shop online.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's lack of transfer activity in the summer despite a busy summer transfer window.
The environment minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a planning framework for Northern Ireland, the High Court has been told.
Gloucestershire are still looking for their first win of the season after being bowled out for 237 by Glamorgan in the One-Day Cup at Chelmsford.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to ask the Scottish government for more money for a flood protection scheme for the town centre.
Cattle farmers in England are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A 92-year-old woman has completed her final London Marathon in a bid to become the oldest person to complete the course.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a hospital in Northamptonshire ahead of the Corby by-election.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced he is to step down from all his roles at the club.
Hundreds of men who have suffered domestic abuse have attended a conference in Sheffield to encourage them to report it.
Everton's Under-21 side were knocked out of the Europa League by Russian side Krasnodar as Juan Laborde's first-half goal was enough to earn them a 1-1 draw.
Jockey John Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall.
Voters in Scotland go to the polls on 8 May to vote in the general election.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager beyond the end of the season, the club's players have said.
The SDLP and Green Party have called for an urgent inquiry into the disappearance of unaccompanied children from Northern Ireland.
Brussels has reopened to the public for the first time since Friday's attacks in the French capital, in which 130 people were killed.
The M1 motorway was closed in both directions for more than an hour after a plane with 153 people on board was forced to divert to a nearby airport due to an "aircraft emergency".
US drama series Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, Channel 5 has announced.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Andy Haldane, has said the case for raising interest rates is "still some way from being made".
Leicester Speedway have agreed a deal to keep the club in business for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty fell in 2011 for the fourth year in a row, according to figures from the US Department of Agriculture.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
Asian girls are being groomed and sexually abused by men in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce hopes England can put the pain of Euro 2016 behind them when they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign against Slovakia on Sunday.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl at a railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has dismissed the idea of an EU army as "unnecessary" and "pointless", saying it would "cut across the primary mechanism for defending Europe".
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia on Wednesday have been found, police have confirmed.
The death of Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has raised a number of questions.
A cycle hire scheme which was suspended last year when its operator went into liquidation has been reinstated.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to oversee any ceasefire between the two sides in their long-running conflict.
Madonna has won a court case in California that would allow her to use an uncredited sample in her song Vogue.
Plans for a £50m road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been returned to the Royal Pavilion in Brighton after being dormant for more than 200 years.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace since the financial crisis in 2008 in the three months to March, official figures have shown, in what is seen as a "make or break" moment for the government.
Blackberry has unveiled a new Android-powered smartphone, the Z30, in a bid to boost its position in the smartphone market.
A collection of previously unseen stills from the career of Sir David Attenborough has gone up for auction, which could fetch up to £100,000.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been accused of lying by his QC Donald Findlay during cross-examination.
Ed Miliband has said there is "no greater symbol of an economy that doesn't work" than zero-hours contracts, saying they are "undermining hard work, undermining living standards and undermining family life".
When Les Hutchison agreed to sell his shareholding in Motherwell to the club's supporters in January 2015, he did not expect the process to take as long as it has.
Detectives investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl who went missing more than a decade ago are to make a fresh appeal for information at the club's football match.
Regulated rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales will rise by 0.5% in 2017, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has announced.
The Ministry of Defence has opened a specialist rehabilitation unit for military veterans with "complex trauma injuries", Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is commissioning a series of new portraits of women and ethnic minorities to put on its walls.
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast Finals Day next season despite failing to reach the quarter-finals for the first time.
England manager Mark Sampson believes his team would have won a gold medal at the 2016 Olympics if they had been allowed to compete at the Games in Rio.
Spotlight has been named best film at the Independent Spirit Awards, the US equivalent of the Academy Awards.
Owen Sheers has won the Literature Wales book of the year title for the second time with his second book about war in Afghanistan.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond are "very capable" of playing for England, according to former national coach Andy Flower, after they starred in the Lions' tri-series win over Pakistan A.
I have been collecting matchboxes for more than 20 years and have amassed a collection of 25,000 labels.
Olympic athletes and celebrities have been spotted with red circles on their skin, which are believed to be the result of using hot cups to help with aches and pains.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead as planned on Sunday, despite protests in the country.
Michelle Dockery and Dominic West are to star in the UK premiere of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse, the theatre has announced.
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage for this year's event, which will include the return of Scottish indie-rock band The Flaming Lips.
An inquest into the death of a man who was killed in a gas explosion at his home has been told the scene was "like an airstrike".
JK Rowling, the author of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, is celebrating her 90th birthday today.
Dozens of shops in Venezuela have been looted in a town in the north of the country amid growing shortages of food and medicine.
Lettings agency Investing Solutions has been paid more than £2.1m in housing benefit by a London charity, the BBC has learned.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Laidlaw says his side need to be "on top form" if they are to beat France at the Stade de France on Saturday.
If, and when, they get married, same-sex couples in Australia could be in for a shock.
South Korean opposition MPs have ended a 24-hour filibuster in the National Assembly, which was the longest in the world at the time.
The BBC has announced that it will be running a series of live shows on BBC Radio 4 over the next few weeks.
The Royal Mint has struck 1p coins to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's son, Prince George, to mark his first birthday.
Japan and South Korea have held their first face-to-face talks since the election of a new leader, amid tensions over a territorial dispute in the East China Sea.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick suffered a "severely twisted ankle" in England's friendly defeat by Spain, Roy Hodgson has confirmed.
An inquest into the death of missing schoolgirl Alice Gross will look at whether the authorities failed to protect her human rights, a coroner has ruled.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, also known as AQIM, has emerged as the most powerful militant group in North Africa since the fall of Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda.
An Aberdeen MP has been reunited with a lost toy rabbit after it was reunited with its owner following an appeal on Mumsnet.
Police in the US have been granted permission to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock an iPhone, in a case that has reignited a debate about the legality of making suspects decrypt their phones.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his side still have an opportunity to qualify for the last 16 of the Europa League despite their defeat by Molde.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Jorge Rosas in London on 29 April.
After weeks of speculation about whether the Governor of the Bank of England would extend his time in office in the wake of the Brexit vote, Mark Carney has decided to extend his term by just one year.
The "living and dying well" (LCP) pathway in England is likely to be replaced by a new system, a review of end-of-life care in the country is expected to recommend.
Four men accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home and trying to cover up the attack spent days trying to destroy his body, a court has heard.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of masterminding a massive credit card hacking and fraud scheme.
A cat has died after being stabbed in a "shocking and completely senseless" attack, the RSPCA has said.
One of New Zealand's most famous birds of prey, Lanky the pelican, has been put down after more than 40 years in captivity.
Boys have moved ahead of girls in top A-level grades for the first time in 17 years, according to this year's results.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated after an outbreak of measles at a nursery.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has dismissed the head of the country's public prosecutor in a row over corruption allegations.
The route taken to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
Russia was involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the public inquiry into his death has heard.
Head teachers have criticised Chancellor Philip Hammond for failing to address "severe funding pressures" in England's schools in his Autumn Statement.
Pupils should be able to pay for their school dinners using their fingerprints rather than cash, an AM has said.
Scientists say they have found a way to boost the immune system's ability to fight the HIV virus in patients who have a weakened immune system.
Seven police officers are to be questioned by the police watchdog after a prisoner lost part of three fingers in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the fastest-growing economies in Africa, and many young people in the country want to become entrepreneurs.
Dover Athletic have been given the go-ahead to sign Paul N'Gala after Gillingham were unable to sign him because of Fifa transfer rules.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley has backed Kane Hemmings to reach his target of 30 goals this season despite speculation linking the striker with a move away from Tannadice.
The Royal British Legion is launching a campaign to change the way people think about veterans and the poppy, as part of its annual Poppy Appeal.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office for the second weekend in a row, ending a run of disappointing sequels.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for West End musicals, saying they are "incredibly reasonable".
A student has created an app that could help save the lives of people caught up in natural disasters by sending a distress signal from their mobile phones to emergency services.
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast at Chelmsford.
The world was a scary place in 2015, according to Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the internet.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in Bridgend county.
French police are hunting for two men suspected of carrying out attacks on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and a Jewish supermarket in Paris.
The Duke of Edinburgh's royal duties will come to an end in August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
A housing company is to demolish two high-rise blocks of flats in Southampton, despite a majority of residents in the area backing the move.
A man was shot in the leg during a burglary at his home by a gunman who mistook him for a drug dealer, a court has heard.
Taylor Swift has been one of the biggest names in music for the past few years, but that didn't stop her leaving Spotify.
Former Formula 1 world champion Jenson Button says he is "hopeful" the new Baku Grand Prix track will be safe, despite concerns over run-off.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has resumed his protest against the police over the alleged failure to crack down on a suspected drugs and prostitution ring.
Scotland's organised crime gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to avoid detection, according to senior police officers.
Ticket sales for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out within 24 hours, the BBC has announced.
Lance Armstrong says he would probably cheat again if he was back in the sport in 1995, when doping was "completely pervasive" and there was "another world war" in cycling.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his team are in a "fantastic position" as they prepare for their Euro 2016 "day of destiny" against Russia.
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling motorbike races in the world.
Chris Wells says he is aiming for bigger and better things from himself this season as he continues to improve his game following a winter in Australia.
A campaign has been launched to save a 1,000-year-old boulder from being moved after it was allegedly hit by a car.
More than £330,000 has been raised for a disabled man who was robbed at knifepoint after a Go Fund Me campaign was set up by a young woman.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside a further £3.1bn to cover claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance (PPI) and mortgage products.
An "incredible" painting of a 17th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust after it was put up for sale for £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be axed if the Welsh government makes cuts on the scale of those announced by Chancellor George Osborne, local authorities have warned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, I have been asking you to send in your questions about South Africa's legal system.
The Turkish government has lifted a ban on Muslim women wearing headscarves in the country's police force.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation to offer master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for life for the "vile" murder of a 73-year-old woman whose body was found in a street in Norwich city centre.
Clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival groups of Sunni Muslims who support or oppose the Syrian government.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after being punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol have said they are still concerned about what happened to him.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, one of the greatest scorers in NHL history, has died at the age of 87.
The UK government's flagship international development agency has been criticised by the National Audit Office (NAO) for booking 15 flights costing more than £5,000 a year for its board.
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being wrongly convicted of a robbery in the 1970s says he will fight for compensation for what he says has been a "soul-destroying" ordeal.
Labour has accused Theresa May of "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if she pushes for an in-out EU referendum to be held on the same day as the assembly elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick for the second game in a row as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1 in League One.
The father of Jules Bianchi, who is in a coma after a crash at the Russian Grand Prix, has said he believes his son will recover from his serious head injury and "won't give up".
A US law firm, Axiom, is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast as part of an expansion of its operation in the city.
A man who almost revealed his mobile phone number during a break-in at a house is being sought by police.
Michael Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Superbike Championship standings with victory in the opening race of this weekend's round at Knockhill.
UK retail sales grew at their slowest annual rate in more than three years in May, official figures have shown, as the cost of goods continued to rise.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth, the last nation to do so, the Foreign Office has said.
A social worker who failed to visit offenders with mental health problems on a regular basis has been struck off.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union immediately, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said, despite growing pressure from other EU leaders.
The US justice department has said it will no longer allow police to use mobile phone tracking equipment without a search warrant.
The Gambia has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba, hours before President Yahya Jammeh is due to vote in a presidential election, in honour of the late Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog that was seized by Belfast City Council after being assessed as a "pit bull terrier-type" has been allowed to return home.
Manchester City have made Everton defender John Stones the subject of a £30m bid for the England international.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as high winds and heavy rain continue to batter the country.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
Two men who died in a two-car crash in the early hours of Saturday have been named by police.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done" after she dumped him, a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United and end a run of five straight defeats.
Uefa has approved the introduction of a new system for penalties in the EFL play-offs and Carabao Cup.
A woman who has been selling poppies for 75 years has been named as one of the UK's "longest-standing poppy collectors".
A woman has told an inquest into the disappearance of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson that she was able to escape a sexual assault by serial killer Robert Howard by hitting him with her knee, the court has heard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras' government will try to secure a deal with its creditors after the country's parliament approved a bailout deal, his spokesman has said.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire have confirmed they are interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A sculpture by Henry Moore, thought to be worth about Â£20m, is to return to London for the first time in more than 20 years.
A Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" after he asked a judge to postpone his sentence so he could go on holiday.
A Miss America contestant has sparked controversy after saying healthcare is a "privilege" and not a right, during the US beauty pageant.
YouTube is cracking down on people who are selling fake views on the video-sharing website.
The Chinese space station Tiangong-1 is due to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere later this week and will burn up when it re-enters the atmosphere, Chinese officials have said.
If you have eaten a handful of spicy chicken wings in Angola recently or perhaps polished off a lemony "yassa poulet in Senegal, there is a good chance your chicken travelled some distance before finding its way on to your plate.
Prime Minister David Cameron's father Ian, who was born with both legs deformed, has died at the age of 83, Downing Street has confirmed.
The Syrian government has begun the evacuation of al-Wair, the last rebel-held district in the central city of Homs.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his side are "hungry for more" after winning their second European Champions Cup title in a row.
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird is to be raised to make it more difficult for revellers to hang sex toys from it.
Ex-supermarket bosses have warned that the price of groceries will rise if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a short-term deal for the rest of the season.
Rio de Janeiro's famous Mangueira samba school has won the Rio de Janeiro carnival title for the second year in a row.
The Welsh government has been accused of not doing enough to promote renewable energy in Wales and is "paying the price" for it.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time in more than a decade after supermarkets cut the price of the fuel.
Ireland's Liam English won the 1,000m steeplechase at the European Indoor Championships in Finland as his team finished eighth in League One.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, saying they "can decide" their future.
Victims of sexual offences in England and Wales would have a new right to review decisions by police not to prosecute them if they are dropped by prosecutors, Labour has said.
It is a talent that helped him move from being bankrupt, aged 32, to becoming a multimillionaire by the time he was 48.
The Syrian government has accused the US and its allies of failing to take into account the "serious business" of destroying its chemical weapons.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park was not adequately supervised, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire openers Brett D'Oliveira and Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries to put their side in a strong position against Derbyshire on day three at New Road.
India's decision to scrap high denomination 500 and 1,000 rupee notes will have a limited impact on the economy, according to one of the country's leading economists.
Oxford United ended Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season with a 1-0 win at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans for a 1,000-home housing development in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" for Saturday's crucial World Cup match against Australia at Twickenham.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has spoken for the first time about his relationship with Taylor Swift, saying it is "not a publicity stunt".
The British government has a legal obligation to provide funding for inquests into the deaths of victims of the Troubles, the Lord Chief Justice (LCJ) has said.
Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by an innings and 88 runs to claim their first win of the season after a stunning collapse by the hosts.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street have spoken of their shock at the news that the street is to close its doors for the last time.
A GP surgery which was rated "inadequate" following an inspection has made "significant" improvements, a health watchdog has said.
In a lecture hall at Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, a group of students are listening to a lecture.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to five points as they beat Stuttgart to move to within three points of the title.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood are one shot off the lead after the second round of the US Open as the world's top three players missed the cut for the first time since 1986.
Mental health staff are to be trained to work with children and young people in West Berkshire in a bid to cut the time it takes to see a specialist.
A new air ambulance service with consultants on board will be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The family of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran have said they are "increasingly on tenterhooks" as they await the outcome of an appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is back to the stage where he "turns up fully expecting to play well" at Royal Troon for the Open Championship this week after two major titles in two months.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has signed a new three-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton is one of five Olympic and Paralympic sports to have had its funding cut by UK Sport ahead of the Tokyo 2020 Games.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in North Lanarkshire.
A German man has been jailed for two years for causing the death of a motorcyclist in a crash in Conwy county.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing higher for the second day in a row.
Blackpool have signed Manchester United defender Liam Allsop on loan until the end of the season, while striker Callum Cooke has joined on a season-long loan deal.
Match reports for Friday, Saturday and Sunday's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Thousands of people have taken part in Armed Forces Day events across the UK, including a flypast by the Red Arrows.
A man has attempted to break the world record for the largest egg made from an ostrich egg and sausage.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire medical practice has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
John Hardie is standing in the dark at the entrance to Lockhart's Gaff.
Indonesian social media users have been sharing images and memes on social media in the wake of the bomb and gun attacks in the capital, Jakarta.
A County Londonderry-based engineering company has announced it is creating 100 new jobs in Kilrea, County Antrim.
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana dispensary and casino on its reservation.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will make it out of the second round of his boxing debut on 26 August after lighter gloves were approved for the Las Vegas bout.
Hundreds of homes could be built on green belt land near Leatherhead, Surrey, under plans to sell off allotments and build 500 homes.
Belfast Giants have been named in Great Britain's squad for this month's European Winter Olympics qualifying tournament in Cortina, Italy.
East London-based Bay TV, which broadcasts a range of news, sport and music programmes, has been put up for sale.
Thousands of people have gathered in Togo to pay tribute to former national team coach Stephen Keshi, who died last week.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for their actions after a man was arrested following a theft in County Londonderry.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a "brutal attack" in Salford.
The Egyptian committee investigating the downing of a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula last month, which killed all 224 people on board, says there is "no evidence" it was brought down by an act of terror.
Juventus have signed striker Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Four internet of things (IoT) devices have been found to be vulnerable to hacking by security researchers.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of crimes against humanity for the first time.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban, is back in the UK.
Chelsea's players and staff have taken part in a parade to celebrate the club's Premier League title win.
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win a thrilling Mexican Grand Prix and move into second place in the world championship.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, the High Court is set to hear the first legal challenge to the government's authority to trigger Article 50.
When the National Living Wage was introduced in April, many workers at Seachill fish processing plant in Burnley, Lancashire, thought it was a great idea.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found not guilty of organising an unauthorised rally, a court has ruled.
Financial services firm Hays has said it is "too early to tell" what the UK's vote to leave the European Union will mean for its business.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to the default Android web browser for the first time.
US consumer confidence has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two brothers who tortured and sexually abused two young boys by forcing them to eat nettles have been granted lifelong anonymity by the High Court.
Eight people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse offences following a police campaign to tackle domestic abuse during England's Euro 2016 campaign.
Workers in Wales could save more than £1.5m a year by cycling or walking to work, a charity has claimed.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences, including possession of a class A drug with intent to supply, following a police operation in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he will not rush Jacob Butterfield and Jacob Olsson back from injury in time to face Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday.
Kyle Edmund will take on Janko Tipsarevic in the opening match of Great Britain's Davis Cup quarter-final against Serbia in Newport, Rhode Island on Friday.
Wigan Warriors' Sam Tomkins says he has not ruled out a return to the Super League club at some point in the future.
Wigan Warriors thrashed Salford Red Devils to keep alive their hopes of a place in the Super League play-offs.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a "campaign of sectarian intimidation" after she left her job at a Belfast school has said she has been inspired by the response of her pupils.
Scientists have solved the mystery of why some of the world's most famous rock formations, such as the Eiffel Tower and Stonehenge, are so hard to understand.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office as the first high wind warning of the season has been issued for parts of Scotland.
Lung cancer patients should not be treated with whole brain radiotherapy, according to a study in the Lancet medical journal.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for 2017-18.
Scottish boxer Liam Taylor says he would beat Ricky Burns if he fought the WBA super-lightweight world champion in Edinburgh next month.
Aberdeen have signed striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and residents of a town in the country's eastern province of Eastern Province have continued for a second day, with reports of gunfire and explosions.
Turkish forces have been exchanging fire with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will make decisions about the party's future "here in Scotland and they will be made by me".
A woman has found the final piece of treasure in a treasure hunt in which five artefacts, including a golden train and a golden shell, were hidden in Scunthorpe.
The body of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks could be exhumed for an inquest into her death, a coroner has said.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of teenager Paige Doherty who was found dead in woodland in West Dunbartonshire last month.
A new search and rescue helicopter base in south Wales has completed its first mission, responding to an emergency in seven minutes.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has said he has "major concerns" over the running of Irish boxing.
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for airstrikes to be carried out against the group.
Warwickshire reached the One-Day Cup semi-finals for the first time in four years as Matt Trott's unbeaten century helped them beat Essex by eight wickets.
Haiti's interim President, Jean-Bertrand Privert, has been sacked by the National Assembly after less than a month in office, officials say.
The second flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean has been recovered from the sea off the coast of Egypt, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation in the fight against terrorism, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled that employment tribunal fees for discrimination cases in England and Wales are unlawful and should be scrapped.
A goalkeeper for Iran's national football team has been banned from playing for six months because of his choice of trousers.
Lindsey Vonn equalled the record for the most World Cup super-G wins by a female Alpine skier with a comfortable victory in Germany on Sunday.
Firefighters have warned people to keep an eye on their hoverboards after two devices on charge caught fire in London earlier this month.
Scotland and Ireland have been drawn in the same group as England in the men's World Twenty20, which gets under way in India this week.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website.
The owners of a guest house have been fined more than £7,000 after a guest fell through a balcony balustrade while on holiday.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary and Liberal Democrat leader, says he is "disappointed" by the lack of progress on vocational education in England.
Plans to close a public swimming pool in Derbyshire have been shelved in a bid to save money.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death nine years ago have said they have been "completely let down by the justice system" after learning his killer will be released from prison after just nine years.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported a drop in sales in its Scotch whisky business, despite a rise in profits.
More than 2,000 people have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling on the government to allow residents of the Chagos Islands to return home.
Oscar-nominated actor Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to play a "demanding" role in Manchester by the Sea, which also stars Matt Damon.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia's north-eastern Puntland region have released the crew without paying a ransom, officials say.
A seven-year-old Muslim girl has been placed in the care of a Muslim foster family in east London.
The owner of the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry has said a break-in at the site shows "total disrespect" for the victims of Bloody Sunday.
Drivers are to be fined for entering a restricted area of a city centre street for the first time since a council abandoned a scheme in 2014.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here, the German mapping technology company.
A positive outlook on life may be linked to a lower death risk in later life, according to researchers in the US.
Budget airline Easyjet has announced it is to launch new flights between Aberdeen and Durham Tees Valley Airport.
The man accused of killing five people at a Florida airport on Friday has been charged with murder, the US Department of Justice says.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than three years in the final three months of 2014, despite a surge in consumer spending, according to official figures.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey (BGS) and University College London say they have discovered a "giant sponge" of water hidden under Africa.
Charlton recorded their first league win of the season as they came from behind to beat 10-man Bolton and move into the Championship play-off places.
Glasgow Warriors have extended the contracts of Scotland Under-20 internationals Alex Rae and Sohrab Bhatti.
Johnny Sexton and Rob Kearney have been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa after being ruled out with injuries.
Flooding has been reported in parts of south and mid Wales as heavy rain continues to soak the country.
Wimbledon is one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world and it's the biggest event in the sport in the UK.
The driver of a double-decker bus has been praised for keeping everyone on board safe after the vehicle caught fire in North Ayrshire.
The UK's cities face "significant economic challenges" as the country leaves the European Union, according to a new study.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a seaside village in southern Italy as a huge wildfire rages on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed as the first female bishop of the diocese.
President: Alassane Ouattara.
Technology is changing the way we go to events, says Cvent co-founder and chief executive Anand Aggarwal.
Ospreys maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons on a wet and muddy Principality Stadium.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjrekar looks at the history of Indian brand names.
US carmaker General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India as part of cost-cutting measures, but will continue to make cars for overseas markets.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in a "despicable" attack outside a bar in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound market during a visit to the south London borough.
Hundreds of whales stranded on a beach in New Zealand have been refloated by rescuers trying to save them from drowning.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn out in force for Sunday's crucial World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey moved to the top of the County Championship table for the first time this season with a five-wicket win over Warwickshire at The Oval.
Three British teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said.
Dyfed-Powys and north Wales police forces have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog.
The government is in talks with head teachers and academy chains about taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about extremism, the BBC understands.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco striker Nabil Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was jailed for six months for sending an "offensive" tweet to an airport has launched an appeal against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it possible to run a company without a boss?
Passengers had to run out on to the wing of a plane and leap onto the ground after it was forced to make an emergency landing, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been called up to the England squad for the upcoming Twenty20 series against South Africa.
Dozens of eye operations have been cancelled after a mobile operating theatre failed to operate on dozens of patients at a Lancashire hospital.
A court in Germany has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight alleged members of a group accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks against asylum seekers and left-wing groups.
EU funding has not had an impact on the Welsh economy despite the country voting to leave the EU, the first minister has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the Libyan man convicted of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am flight 103, is one of the UK's longest-serving prisoners.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian and Babylonian artefacts in Iraq.
Flooding in parts of the UK has forced thousands of people to be evacuated from their homes.
Talk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of March as it continues to pay the cost of last year's cyber attack.
Heineken has been told to submit plans to reduce competition concerns over its planned £1.2bn takeover of Punch Taverns.
A £1.5m research centre has opened in Aberdeen aimed at developing new technology for the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for their part in a multi-million pound drugs operation.
BBC News School Report is back and this year's theme is "Making the news for real".
An Iron Age fort in Gwynedd may have been occupied much earlier than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
Police are investigating whether a gun used in an attack on a police car in west Belfast was used in a dissident republican attack.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to Parliament in protest at the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi.
Bristol City Council has been criticised for paying a private company up to £6m to run a park-and-ride service for 14 years.
Up to 200,000 children in England and Wales could face poverty as a result of changes to the way families claim benefits, say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs to be overhauled to ensure it is fit for the 21st Century, according to a new report.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for his role in the 1998 bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset is not just the biggest energy project in the UK for decades.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who has been found dead at his home in Cardiff.
The US says it has killed Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, Jabhat al-Nusra, in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed midfielder Lee Tomlin on a two-year deal following his release by Championship rivals Bolton Wanderers.
Kieran Williams scored twice as Bristol Rovers beat Doncaster Rovers to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
Nottingham Forest director of football Les Collymore has pulled out of the running to become the club's new chairman.
Widnes Vikings say the artificial pitch used for their Super League match against Warrington on Saturday posed "no more danger to players than on any other surface over the weekend".
Plans for a £50m revamp of Keynsham town centre are to be unveiled next month.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a Hillsborough charity out of £1,000.
Probation officers in England and Wales have called for "urgent action" to improve the way they enforce unpaid work given to offenders.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in Tuesday's second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington.
Adele's new single, Hello, has become the fastest-selling single of the year in the UK, after it was released on Friday.
The search for a man who has been missing for more than a month in the Scottish Borders has been called off.
Hundreds of teaching assistants have taken part in a rally in Durham in a bid to end a long-running dispute over pay.
Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election offers an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland.
The melting of sea ice in the Arctic has been described as "unprecedented" by one of the world's leading scientists.
A Muslim man who became the first openly gay man to get married in the UK has said he has received death threats since his ceremony.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the One-Day Cup final for the second year in a row after beating Surrey to reach the final at Twickenham.
The Mad Hatter, Cheshire Cat and Alice in Wonderland are among the characters featured in a new virtual reality app for the town of Llandudno in Conwy.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus and a lorry were involved in a crash on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have accused Highways England of carrying out a "sham" consultation into "modest" road improvements.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa president Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years after being found guilty of ethics breaches.
Archaeologists have discovered a "square megalithic circle" inside a huge Neolithic monument in Wiltshire.
A woman has suffered "devastating" facial injuries after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Cardiff Devils are capable of winning the Challenge Cup and Elite League title this season, according to their goalkeeper Craig Bowns.
A boy who developed a rare form of narcolepsy after being given a flu jab has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned in the sea at the beach.
Police in Wales have issued a warning after reports of people dressing up as clowns running through gardens, jumping from trees and peering through windows.
A former IRA man who was jailed for murder in the 1970s has won the right to challenge a police request for copies of interviews he gave to a US university on the Troubles.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga is set to return to training later this week after recovering from a virus that could have been malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers moved into the League One play-off places as they beat Cambridge United at Molineux.
UKIP MEP Neil Gill is facing calls from within his own party for him to step down as leader of UKIP in Wales.
Tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died in a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire.
The number of insects in the UK could be on the verge of extinction, according to a conservation charity.
For David Cameron, the decision to take military action against so-called Islamic State in Syria has been a long time coming.
A gunman has opened fire outside a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding eight people, three of them seriously, police say.
Sony has confirmed it is to stop making its Reader e-readers in Europe and will stop selling them in North America and Australia.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors placed at a holy site in Jerusalem after days of violent protests over the installation of the devices.
Wales is set to see an increase in rainfall and storms as a result of climate change, the Welsh government has warned ahead of a summit on flooding on Monday.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are five teams in the race for the Premier League title who can win the title this season.
A police dog has been put down after it attacked a man during a training exercise in Cumbria.
Eugene, a chatbot created by two Russian scientists, has passed the "Turing Test" for the first time, according to the University of Reading.
Six Scottish swimmers have been selected for Team GB's swimming squad for the Rio Olympics.
Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby was booed by the crowd after refusing to shake the hand of his opponent in the men's -69kg judo final at the Rio Olympics.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved four points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is the largest country on the African continent and one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to "see" inside the brain that could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease.
British number one Johanna Konta says she will not be distracted by talk of her being the favourite to win Wimbledon for the first time.
The roll-out of smart meters across the UK has been delayed for the third time in 18 months.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a motion calling for a "massive reduction" in the amount of parking fines to be reduced from £90 to £45.
Complaints were made to Conservative Central Office about bullying in the party's youth wing in 2010, a former Tory activist has said, contradicting the party chairman Lord Feldman.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the Anglesey coast.
St Mary's Magherafelt beat St Ronan's 0-17 to 0-11 in the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship semi-final at the Dub on Friday night.
Two high-resolution Earth-observing cameras have been successfully attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a remote village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has become the country's top scorer in the secondary school exams.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols has been recommended following the deaths of three fishermen who died when their crab boat sank last year.
Satellite images from space have revealed the locations of more than 1,000 ancient pyramids in Egypt, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the discovery of a woman's body at a house.
The final episode of BBC One's romantic comedy series Miranda has been watched by more than 7m viewers in its final episode.
When Apple unveiled its new smartwatch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in September, it was seen as one of the biggest tech launches of the year.
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a deal with Sainbury's to sell its products in its stores.
"What time does your website close?" in Poole and "Can I exercise my kestrel on your tip?" are among the most bizarre calls made to councils in England and Wales, according to the Local Government Association.
A "unique" painting of the coronation of King Charles II has been found in a County Durham park.
Plans to build a McDonald's restaurant in a Gloucestershire village have been approved by a planning inspector.
Mental health patients are being taken to A&E departments by police instead of being detained in custody, a leading doctor has said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he hopes to return to competitive golf in the next five to 10 years.
The European Cup final at Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be one of the biggest sporting events in the city's history.
The NBA and video game maker Take-Two have announced a partnership that will see the creation of an e-sports league.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons despite reports that a missile misfired during a test.
Andy Murray's rise to the top of the world tennis rankings is the latest in a long line of achievements for a man who has already provided so much.
Aston Villa have signed winger Scott Sinclair from Manchester City for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Britain's Chris Froome won his third Criterium du Dauphine title in four years with victory on Sunday.
Joe Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends and road manager, has died at the age of 83.
Shares in airlines Easyjet and IAG were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Monday after the airline group said it was cutting its full-year profit forecast.
One of the last flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing just hours before it was due to take part in an air show display.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl and sexually assaulting her.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England is at its highest level since 2011-12, official figures show.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title this season would not be a "tragedy" if they failed to qualify for the Champions League.
The Rolling Stones, Sir Elton John and Kylie Minogue are some of the biggest names in the world of music, but how much would it cost to bring them to your town or city?
Microsoft has unveiled a collection of the best-selling Halo video games for its new Xbox One console.
Tributes have been paid to singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, who has died at the age of 41 after suffering a suspected heart attack.
Home Secretary Theresa May has been urged to ban two US anti-Islam activists from attending an event by the English Defence League (EDL).
US President Barack Obama has urged Donald Trump to use his presidency to "send some signals of unity" to minority groups, after the bitter US election campaign.
A passenger train has derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 100 others, police say.
Glamorgan have announced the dates for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
Former TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
A police officer who was caught up in the crush that killed two students at a nightclub has told an inquest it was like "a war zone".
A woman who was raped by two men who forced her into the back of a car with her two-year-old child has been released without charge.
Former world number one Jimmy Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after being beaten by John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship because of Crohn's disease.
A woman who became an "inspirational" campaigner for brain cancer research after being diagnosed with a Grade 3 tumour has died, her family has said.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) said it would keep interest rates on hold, but shares in Dollar General rose after it reported better-than-expected profits.
A huge sinkhole has opened up near a football stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, just days before the start of the World Cup.
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford at Griffin Park.
A member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised for comparing Russia's doping scandal to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested at the Machu Picchu archaeological site in Peru after they were found to be naked, police say.
Chinese authorities have confirmed for the first time that a warehouse that exploded in the northern city of Tianjin on Friday contained the toxic chemical sodium cyanide.
The use of unqualified teachers in schools in England is " jeopardising the educational progress of children", says a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the party into the next general election and said it could win.
Europe's genetic make-up is a mix of hunter-gatherers, farmers and migrants from the Middle East, according to a new analysis of ancient DNA.
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic State militant group has said she is considering changing its name after receiving death threats.
Gordonstoun School has said it is "shocked and saddened" by claims of historical sexual abuse at the school.
Labour will commit to a "clear plan for a fully integrated railway in public ownership" if it wins the general election, leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was groomed by a teacher and taken to France to have sex with him has spoken for the first time about the ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of their summer transfer window by bringing in France Under-20 international midfielder Ousmane Dembele from Rennes.
China's consumer prices rose by more than expected in June, helped by a rise in food prices, official figures show.
Nigeria's former national team coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the results he has achieved at Dutch second-tier side Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are subject to copyright and are copyrighted.
The fuselage of an RAF Hercules cargo plane has been moved to a museum for the first time in more than 50 years.
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Pictures courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
Guernsey Football Club have been given until Monday to decide if they want to compete in the FA Cup after the governing body set out conditions for them to do so.
A film based on the life of Marvel co-creator Stan Lee is to be made by 20th Century Fox.
A new cyber security group has been set up in Wrexham to help people and businesses in the north Wales area stay safe from cyber attacks.
More than £500,000 has been raised for the dogs that were rescued from a fire at a Greater Manchester animal rescue centre.
More than 50% of athletes at the 2011 World Athletics Championships tested positive for banned substances, according to research published by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Leicestershire batsman James Vince has been included in England's squad for the World Twenty20, which starts in India in March.
A Scottish singer-songwriter has found the grave of his great great grandfather, whose story inspired the lyrics to his song Dora.
Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been repainted in a new shade of green for the first time since it was taken out of service in 1963.
Saracens wing Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Joss Whedon, the director of Avengers: Age of Ultron, has revealed the name of the film's villain at San Diego Comic-Con.
At Moco-Moco Secondary School, in a remote corner of the Rupununi Savannah in the South American country of Guyana, a few dozen pupils sit in rows of desks lined up in neat rows, one on each side of the room.
A snake thought to be one of the world's deadliest snakes has been put down by the Scottish SPCA after being found on a ship in Aberdeen.
A "predator" who travelled to the US to have sex with young boys has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
Wrestling is set to make its way into China for the first time.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a hot trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio, Texas.
A police officer who was seriously injured when he was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house in Birmingham has been awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery.
The maker of Irn Bru, Strathmore bottled water and Rubicon soft drinks has reported a rise in profits and plans to restart glass bottling at its Moodiesburn plant.
A man has been shot dead and another wounded by police in Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in the US city.
Madonna's promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, by wearing a string around her head to promote it.
Striker Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan came from behind to draw with Colchester at the DW Stadium.
Charli XCX has told Newsbeat that she wants to "take over the world" as a songwriter.
Apple and Facebook have become the latest technology giants to offer their US employees the option of freezing their eggs.
Muhammad Ali would have beaten Wladimir Klitschko and Tyson Fury if he had fought them in the 1970s, says former world heavyweight champion Joe Shavers.
UK interest rates were held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's interest rate-setting committee at its latest meeting on Tuesday.
The best-of-seven World Series between the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians will be played at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Wednesday, ending a 108-year wait for the American League champions.
The Scottish government has said it will work "closely" with Holyrood on new powers after Brexit as the government unveiled its programme for government in the Queen's Speech.
There should be a "very distinct separation" between the RSPCA's public interest role in bringing prosecutions and its political and commercial role, an MP has said.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) on its Maps platform, using photographs taken by astronauts on board the space station.
More than 1,000 swimmers and kayakers have taken part in Tenby's annual Boxing Day swim.
HSBC has named the chief executive of Asia's biggest insurer, AIA Group, Bob Tucker, as its new chairman.
The head of the US delegation at the UN climate talks in Morocco, John Pershing, has said he is confident the Paris climate agreement can be sustained.
Tom Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being trapped in the roof of a nightclub for more than 24 hours.
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK on 9 May, days after a High Court judge ordered it to do so.
The government has pledged £1m towards the £4m cost of a memorial to police officers who have died in the line of duty.
Craig Whyte and David Forsythe scored late goals as Crusaders beat Linfield to extend their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train drivers as part of a £5bn investment in Scotland's railways.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" not responsible for the alleged mismanagement of the state investment fund 1MDB, as US authorities move to seize assets linked to the scandal.
Mae'r rheithgor ysgol yn Rhagfyr 2014 yn cael ei hadnabod fel Ann Carhart yn broffesiynol yng Nghymru wedi ei gwestiynu gan yr heddlu
Pregnant migrant women in Germany are paying thousands of euros to have fake fathers registered in order to stay in the country and claim asylum, officials say.
Fines for data breaches in the UK are set to rise sharply under new EU privacy laws, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
The Shroud of Turin, one of the world's most famous religious artefacts, has opened to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
People from outside the UK could be charged for using the NHS in Wales later this year, the health secretary has said.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out an underground test of a hydrogen bomb, which it says is capable of carrying out a nuclear attack on the United States.
A jury in the trial of former DUP MP David Ford has been discharged after finding not guilty of child sex abuse charges against him.
The Scottish government has been accused of carrying out a "sham consultation" on the roll-out of its named person scheme, a year after it was halted by the Supreme Court.
Nottingham Forest have signed Everton left-back Jack Browning on a season-long loan deal.
Aberdeen children from the 1950s have been invited to take part in a major study of family health in Scotland.
France's ethnic Chinese community in the north-east of the country has been protesting against what they say is a rise in the number of racist attacks on Chinese nationals.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, with the S&P 500 moving into positive territory for the year after the US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second-quarter sales of 1.6bn euros ($1.8bn; Â£1.3bn), helped by strong demand in China.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to the violence in Syria, saying that no-one should be killed.
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the second quarter of its financial year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles continued to fall.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places as they came from behind to beat struggling Burton Albion.
When workmen at the North Central Council (NCP) in Cambridgeshire painted the word "I" on a road sign outside a primary school, it was the latest in a series of road markings that have been widely mocked.
A British aid worker who was killed by the Pakistani Taliban was unlawfully killed, an inquest into his death has concluded.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Plans to install overhead electricity cables in a Gwynedd forest will go ahead, a High Court judge has ruled following a judicial review.
China has launched its first internet court, which allows people to sue each other via the internet, state media report.
Shares in Samsung C&T, one of South Korea's biggest construction firms, have fallen sharply after shareholders in the company voted to approve a $10bn (Â£6.3bn) merger.
Legal action is being taken against Northampton Borough Council over plans to sell an ancient Egyptian statue.
Yorkshire will begin their bid for a third successive County Championship title when they host Essex at Headingley in the first game of the 2015 season.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend and dismembered his body before dumping it in a suitcase in a lay-by, a court has heard.
UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives in the assembly, BBC Wales understands.
Russia's main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been charged by the Russian authorities with inciting hatred against the state.
Rangers eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship with a dominant display at Ibrox.
Uganda has said it will withdraw all of its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month, as part of efforts to end the country's civil war.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of a £5m windfall from the Libor scandal, it has been announced.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records for the fastest lap of the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Jack Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club next season and help them stay in the Premier League.
A former chief executive of a Welsh health board has said she has been unable to get cancer treatment in Wales because of a lack of funding.
James Disley's late goal gave Forest Green Rovers victory over Grimsby Town to move them level on points with National League leaders Cheltenham Town at the top.
An Austrian scientist is attempting to break the world record for the largest model of a crystal.
In a recent interview, Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry that led to the impeachment of former President Bill Clinton, said that Hillary Clinton should be "proud" of her husband.
Belfast's transport minister, David Hazzard, has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city from seven to seven hours a day.
The greatest foreign policy disasters have tended to come when the UK has either ignored America - such as when it joined France in invading Suez - or when it has followed the US too blindly, as in the invasion of Iraq.
Formula 1 bosses were unable to agree on a new qualifying system for the Bahrain Grand Prix because of an "unwillingness" to revert to the 2015 system, it has emerged.
Scott Perry beat Stuart Bingham 6-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the UK Championship, while Mark Allen beat John Higgins 6-5.
Russia and Ukraine's state TV channels have been sharply different in their coverage of the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Worcestershire all-rounder Joe Leach and Ed Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to put their side in a strong position against Leicestershire on day three at Grace Road.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah, who was stabbed to death in the city last month.
Spotify, the world's biggest music streaming service, has launched a new range of non-music content to try to attract new customers.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "doesn't know how good he is" after his error-strewn display against Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a budget airline flight - in what is thought to be a first for the prime minister.
An ex-serviceman who wrote a children's book about the Falklands War has enlisted the help of fellow ex-soldiers to help bring the conflict to life in an animation and radio play.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's pole vault at the IAAF World Indoor Championships.
Donald Trump, Jeremy Corbyn and Jose Mujica are among those who have been praised for being authentic politicians.
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended the way it dealt with a complaint about the conduct of its leader in the Welsh Assembly.
Australian investigators have begun examining the cause of a plane crash in Melbourne that killed five people.
The last surviving member of the Nazi Waffen SS, who was convicted of killing three Dutch resistance fighters during World War Two, has been released from prison in Germany.
A Palestinian woman who was seriously injured in a firebombing in the occupied West Bank that killed her toddler son and her husband has died in an Israeli hospital.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he is stepping down after more than two years in power.
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans to buy a house or car than to make repayments on unsecured loans, a survey suggests.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by three men who forced their way into a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is "not for sale", according to manager Mauricio Pochettino.
The Scottish government has said it will do all it can to help safeguard the future of the Arches nightclub and arts venue in Glasgow.
Shares in Lonmin have jumped sharply after the embattled South African miner said it would raise $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in a rights issue.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who has been missing for more than a year has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Cornish Pirates have signed former England Under-20 international scrum-half Ben Youngs on a one-year contract.
Work to repair a Grade II-listed railway station is due to start on Monday.
Torquay secured their place in the National League for next season with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby at Plainmoor.
More than 100,000 people who signed a petition calling for a second EU referendum to be held if there was a turnout of less than 75% have had their request rejected by the Foreign Office.
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence reduced on appeal after his lawyers argued it was "excessive" and "inconsistent with current sentencing practice".
A group of voters have launched a legal challenge to the re-election of a mayor of a London borough on the grounds of electoral fraud, a court has heard.
A children's book prize named after Roald Dahl is to be revived after a "phenomenal" eight-year run.
Somalia's youngest cabinet minister has been shot dead by security forces in what officials say was a "friendly fire" accident.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them win promotion to the Premier League.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve has heard police believe the man may have been from Vietnam.
A look at some of the key stories in the news this week:.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
The Canadian government has launched a national inquiry into the murder and disappearance of indigenous women and girls.
A Kuwaiti man held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer has said.
The NHS in England has launched a new breast implant registry, which will record the details of all patients who have undergone the procedure.
A self-driving police robot has crashed into a wall in a shopping centre in San Francisco, in what the company says was an accident.
A 15-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted by a man in Bristol, police have said.
If you want to be a video game maker, make games today, and finish them as many as you can.
Movistar's Gorka Izagirre won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels retained the overall lead in a sprint finish in Peschici.
The UK is enjoying a "Brexit bounce" in the number of international tourists visiting the country.
The Irish foreign minister has said the government is in talks with the Egyptian government about the case of an Irishman on trial in Cairo on terrorism charges.
An investigation has been launched after a flower shop was targeted by scammers posing as TalkTalk staff.
An MP is to introduce a bill in the House of Commons which would ban lawyers from cross-examining rape victims in court.
Former Rangers player and first-team coach David Durrant has been sacked by the club.
Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the Women's FA Cup.
Cornish Reds head coach Chris Churcher has praised his side's front row after they beat Chinnor on Saturday.
It has been a great experience for me to be involved with Melbourne City and winning the Australian Women's Grand Final was one of the best feelings I've had in a long time.
UKIP has confirmed that one of its four candidates for the party's leadership will be allowed to stand in the general election.
British number one Johanna Konta has been added to the field for the Aegon International in Nottingham next month.
A van Gogh painting that was hung in a cafe in London's West End is not a work by the Dutch artist, a leading expert has claimed.
An exhibition celebrating the history of the UK's exotic animals has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has decided to delay the launch of its mission to Mars from 2018 to 2020.
Katie O'Donoghue is a runner who's had a lot of support from people around the world after she collapsed during a half-marathon.
A century from wicketkeeper-batsman Ben Davies helped Surrey beat Yorkshire by seven wickets to reach the One-Day Cup semi-finals at Lord's.
French police have carried out a major security operation at Paris's Saint-Denis railway station.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to fluoresce cancerous tissue so they can see how it spreads around the body.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) as heavy rains continue to cause severe flooding.
The battle for the Democratic nomination for the US presidential race is heating up, and it's not just between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
At least 13 people have been killed in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state when a device picked up by vigilantes celebrating an operation against Boko Haram exploded, an MP has told the BBC.
Parliament is coming to a close with the general election just over a month away.
A two-storey block of flats in a chaotic, pixelated style, with a sloping roof, has been described as "trendy" and "fantastic".
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster.
Facebook and Microsoft are teaming up with Spanish telecommunications firm Telefonica to help build a high-speed internet cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham with her granddaughter Princess Anne.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia for the first time since his son was granted asylum in the country.
A team of US researchers has successfully implanted a tiny wireless device into a rabbit and used it to control its heart.
Castleford Tigers have signed Hull FC half-back Matty Sneyd on a two-year deal.
Two people have been taken to hospital with minor injuries after a crash on the M8 motorway in Dumfries and Galloway.
Cuba has condemned US President Donald Trump's new policy on Cuba, saying it will "toughen the embargo" imposed by his predecessor, Barack Obama.
The number of confirmed cases of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot is at its highest level for three years, Public Health Wales has said.
A passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing at least 22 people and injuring 15 others, officials say.
Two new species of magnolias have been discovered in Mexico after being discovered on an online encyclopaedia of flora and fauna.
Carers who work with children in nurseries and primary schools in Wales are to be given more recognition under a new Welsh government plan.
An astronaut on board the International Space Station has played the bagpipes made for him by a Scottish company while he was there.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" after being left out of his side's first four Premier League games of the season.
Midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with victory over Brondby in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
A Falkirk couple have become Scotland's biggest lottery winner after they scooped a £60m Euromillions jackpot.
It's been three days since a series of attacks took place in Brussels, the capital of Belgium.
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US charged with terrorism offences in connection with an attack on US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Council has said it has received "significant new information" which "significantly impacts" a bid to turn the city's former concert hall into a hotel.
Northern Ireland's progress to next summer's European Championship finals is a "remarkable achievement", according to performance analysis coach David Macphee.
Badger culling groups have been urged to take up an offer of funding to vaccinate their animals against bovine TB as part of a government scheme.
Urinary catheters should be "state of the art" and not "the lowly catheter", according to a leading urology expert.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been left out of Nigeria's 23-man squad for Sunday's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon in Lagos because of injury.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two new colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez, saying they were "irresponsible".
A councillor who posted an anti-Irish tweet which is being investigated by police as a suspected hate crime has resigned as a magistrate.
A report into an "offensive stereotyping" incident involving medical students at Cardiff University has highlighted "specific and overarching issues" the institution needs to address.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the Nazi concentration camps where more than one million Jews were killed during World War Two.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital following a crash in Gwynedd.
Formula 1's strategy group has made a series of changes to the sport's cars, engines and tyres for 2017 - and it will be a very different sport in two years' time.
A jewellery shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen during a burglary in the early hours.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the death of a 51-year-old man at his home in Glasgow.
The ejector seats on the Hawker Hunter jet that crashed in East Sussex, killing 11 people, were not updated after it was retired from military service, investigators have said.
They called it the "world's largest yoga session", but the organisers of today's event in the Indian capital, Delhi, had other ideas.
A collection of old photographs of children playing out in the street in Liverpool has gone on display for the first time.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £10m to help fund a new cancer research centre in Manchester.
Kenya's Geoffrey Korir won the men's 8km title at the Glasgow International Cross Country as Great Britain's Ryan Hawkins finished third.
An 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway has been badly damaged in a suspected arson attack.
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says manager Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to his team since taking charge at Molineux.
A civic trust has called for a strategic approach to the future protection of heritage in Londonderry following the demolition of the Foyle factory in Craigavon.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before going back to his flat to steal his belongings has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits, hit by the football World Cup and a switch over to a new gaming system.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich's airport.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine in the early hours of Saturday.
A five-year-old boy who lost his favourite toy lion at a stately home has been reunited with it after the National Trust sent it back to him.
The idea that World War One soldiers spent "most of their time at the front or fighting" is "just not correct", researchers have said.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to use sign language on the campaign trail.
Scientists are attempting to map the wiring of a baby's brain while it is still growing in the womb.
England captain Wayne Rooney should not retire from international football, according to his former team-mate Frank Lampard.
A man has said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury when their car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
When David Cameron arrives in Berlin later this week, he's likely to be greeted with a mixture of relief and trepidation by European leaders.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found stabbed to death in her home have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Bolivia's government has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work in some professions, in defiance of international law that says children under the age of 15 should not work.
Plans to demolish a former hospital on Anglesey have been put on hold because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday, with mining companies leading the way after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates.
Former Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student support funding in Scotland.
SeaWorld in San Diego has been given the go-ahead to expand its orca park in the US state of California.
It was another dramatic day in the English Football League on Saturday, with two late goals in the Championship and a late winner in League One.
Worcestershire have released all three of their academy players, including Liam Milnes, Liam Lewis and Liam McKay, after their contracts expired.
The number of people trying to buy a home in the UK has slowed down, according to a survey of chartered surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the Senedd has defended one of his colleagues after a row on Twitter over the M4 relief road.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter could soon be showing you highlights of what you've missed while you're offline.
It was a night that will live long in the memory at Anfield as one of the greatest comebacks in the history of European football.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme song for the new James Bond film Spectre after a customer placed a £15,000 bet on the band.
Sinn Féin's Naomi Long has said she will take legal action against the High Court judge who gave the green light to the controversial Stormont planning policy.
Two major industrial estates in Southampton have been sold to the Port of Southampton.
Russian heptathlete Yuliya Chernova should be banned for the whole of her career after being found guilty of doping, says former IAAF president Michele Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first female choristers to sing in its choir.
Great Britain's women suffered a 3-2 defeat by North Korea in overtime in their opening game at the World Championship in Canada.
Haiti is still recovering from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew, and as the BBC's James Reynolds reports from the south-west of the country, the devastation is continuing to spread.
Skyscanner has reported another "strong year of growth" for the Edinburgh-based company.
The first all-new car factory to be built in the West Midlands in more than a decade has officially opened.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why the UN needs Africa more than any other continent.
The value of the pound has fallen sharply against the dollar since November when news of the UK's vote to leave the European Union was announced.
A whisky distillery in Dumfries and Galloway is set to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than 30 years.
CBBC is to launch a new version of BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show in May, it has been announced.
More than 10,000 people die every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a call to action by health experts.
Andy Murray will continue to be the "dominant force" in tennis after becoming world number one for the first time, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10-6 in a thrilling final to win the China Championship for the second time in three years.
More than two-thirds of school children in the UK are sleep-deprived, according to a study by a US university.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted by US Park Police on horseback on his first day in office after being appointed by President Donald Trump.
Charlton Athletic are investigating an allegation of historical sex abuse by a scout in the 1980s, the club has said.
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to Cardiff council.
Newcastle United defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse could face disciplinary action after they were accused of spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy who died after being injured at a house party in south-west London suffered a head injury, police have said.
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett has signed a new one-year contract with the club, keeping him at the Championship club until the summer of 2018.
The RMT has accused ScotRail of "dragging its heels" over plans to bring the company that runs the railways in Scotland under public ownership.
Ireland one-day captain Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket following her side's defeat by South Africa in their final game before the World Twenty20.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been accused of being "arrogant" and "disgraceful" by former Manchester United captain Gary Neville.
The number of child sex abuse cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has risen for the second year in a row, figures from the Office for National Statistics show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are facing a combined deficit of more than £100m for the next financial year, figures have shown.
Olympic bronze medallist Jack MacKenzie is to return to South Africa to train with his family and compete for the country's artistic gymnastics team, rather than Great Britain.
A woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a stabbing.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added a stronger-than-expected number of jobs in April.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract with the club.
It could be one of the hottest days of the year so far in the UK, according to the Met Office.
A minimum price for alcohol in England is the most cost-effective way to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, according to a report by Public Health England.
Jon Stewart, the host of the long-running US satirical news show The Daily Show, has hosted his final episode of the show.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of payments due to farmers and crofters by the deadline for the latest round of subsidies, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession after being found guilty of posting sexual content on social media.
Nintendo has defended its new Switch games console after thousands of customers reported seeing dead pixels on the screen.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the WBA world featherweight title on 29 January.
Restrictions on the use of a bus lane in Lancashire city centre will remain in place for the rest of the year, a council has said.
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 109 as Somerset struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Taunton.
Photographer Celine Stella has been working as a nanny in Saudi Arabia for the past year, and her latest project has focused on the country's use of neon.
More than a third of people who use Google's Chrome web browser have been tricked into installing malicious add-ons, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has no desire to "lead the 'yes' case for a republic" again.
Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for Newcastle as Steve McClaren's side beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Olympic boxing is a game of extremes.
As the general election campaign enters its final days, it is easy to get bogged down in the details.
A film celebrating the life of a Tibetan Buddhist monk who was murdered in China has been premiered in Scotland.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for social care services for the elderly in England in the Budget.
A cyclist accused of killing a woman by crashing into her while riding a "fixie" bike posted a comment on an online forum saying she "did not deserve it", a court has heard.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a fire in a flat has heard there is "no compelling evidence" it started in a tumble dryer.
The US Navy has banned alcohol for all of its military personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
There was a certain tension in the air last night, as John Bercow prepared for his last Commons appearance as Speaker of the House of Commons.
Gangnam Style, the video by South Korean rapper Psy, has become the most-watched video on YouTube.
Matty Ah Van scored a hat-trick as Widnes Vikings came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers for their first Super League win of the season.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine using a controversial new IVF technique that combines DNA from two women and one man.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been placed in special measures by the health watchdog.
Gaz O'Brien's last-minute drop-goal secured Salford's place in the Million Pound Game as they came from behind to beat Hull KR and secure a place in next season's Qualifiers.
Chilla Kurniawan is a 19-year-old student at Kharisma Bangsa secondary school in the Indonesian city of Bali.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in Waterford city.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One for the first time in 37 years as they were beaten by 10-man Brentford, who were then beaten by Nottingham Forest.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to try foods they would not eat at home, according to a survey by the School Food Trust.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
The captain of a container ship has been fined for being over the drink-drive limit while on duty at Belfast Harbour.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens has been nominated by President Felipe Calderon to lead the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A chronology of key events in the relationship between the UK and Iran:.
Stevenage missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were held to a goalless draw at Cambridge.
Star Wars and Harry Potter actor Warwick Davis has said his caravan has been stolen, even though it was locked with a hitch and wheel lock.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner in Edinburgh later this month, it has been announced.
Belgium's ban on the wearing of face veils in public was justifiable in principle, the European Court of Human Rights has ruled.
A Celtic fan is to stand trial accused of displaying a "threatening and offensive" banner at the Scottish Cup final against Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a supermarket worker hitting a woman over the head with a packet of bacon after an alleged assault in Altrincham.
When the director of the Bolivian Film Foundation (FCB) in La Paz, Ana Cappa, found a black ball on the side of the road near her home, she knew something was special.
The Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates on hold for another month doesn't mean the US central bank has given up on raising rates.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has survived a vote of no confidence in his bid to become the party's general election candidate in the general election.
If you want to be a WWE Superstar, you've got to learn these moves!
Fans of Flappy Bird have expressed relief that the popular game has been taken down after it became one of the most popular titles of the year.
Tens of thousands of plastic bags have been dumped on the seafront in Brighton in a protest against the migrant crisis.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train members of the Royal Family in hospitality to help with the Queen's official events.
Andy Murray returned to winning ways with a straight-set victory over Canadian Milos Raonic to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius hit a toilet door with a cricket bat before he fired the shots that killed his girlfriend, a forensics expert has told his murder trial.
It's 70 years since the end of World War Two, when millions of people around the world were forced to flee their homes because of the conflict in Europe.
