There is a "desperate need" for more one-bedroom flats for ex-prison leavers in Wales because of a lack of accommodation, a charity has said.
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition during a police operation in Edinburgh.
A judge in the US has denied bail to four people accused of beating a black man and forcing him to drink toilet water and kiss the floor in a Facebook Live video that went viral.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed Roy Hodgson as director of football at Reading on a two-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months.
A diet that mimics a "fasting-mimicking" diet can regenerate a special type of cell in the pancreas, a study in mice suggests.
Should there be a public inquiry into the planned merger of two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica?
British Cycling has been accused of a "culture of fear" and bullying by Wendy Houvenaghel, who says she was dropped from the London 2012 team because of the organisation's "horrid" training environment.
If you want to know how to run a comedy club, don't ask the owner of one in the US state of Texas to tell you he's a computer programmer who took over a "sinking ship" and brought in a bucket of money to bail it out.
When the regulator, Ofcom, announced last week that it was going to rule on whether BT should be spun off into a separate company, the shares in the company's biggest shareholder, the BT shareholder, jumped.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares to take his side to face Rangers in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of undergraduate student places by more than 1,000 over the next three years, the BBC has learned.
An NHS trust has apologised after 850 hospital appointment letters were sent out with the wrong information leaflets for a patient who had been diagnosed with cancer.
The shadow foreign secretary has said Labour is "trying to get a compromise" with Tory backbenchers over the Brexit bill ahead of the next Commons vote on the legislation.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Bournemouth's Kane O'Kane.
An inquest into the death of a man who drowned in the Menai Strait could have been exacerbated by a police visit to his mental health unit, a doctor has said.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has warned that the Trump administration could do an "enormous disservice" to the US and the world if it curbs access to climate change data.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 69, the band has confirmed.
Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose took a one-shot lead into the final round of the Torrey Pines event.
Former England and Manchester United striker Carlton Cole says he still has a "long road ahead" to recovery from a kidney transplant and has warned he will not push himself too hard after his latest operation.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on the video-sharing website YouTube, which was imposed in 2012 after a blasphemous video was posted online.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Ben Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury and could be out for up to 10 weeks, reports BBC Radio Leicester.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said he had "dreamt of this moment for so long" as he became the fourth Welsh cyclist to win an Olympic gold medal at Rio 2016.
Flooding in the western Indian state of Gujarat has killed more than 100 people and displaced hundreds of thousands of people, officials say, as the death toll from this year's monsoon rains continues to rise.
It is believed to be the first wedding to be conducted and vowed in skis - and the first to take place in Scotland.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $100m (£60m) by Hong Kong regulators for failing to properly monitor its trading operations.
The Baftas are over and the stars of La La Land and Spider-Man: Homecoming were among the big winners at this year's ceremony, which was dominated by Donald Trump's response to Meryl Streep's speech at the Golden Globes.
Andy Murray's season has been a roller-coaster ride from the moment he won the Australian Open in January last year to the end of the season, and now it looks as if he may have run out of steam as he continues to struggle with a hip injury.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men in connection with the fatal shooting of a popular rapper in the city of Soweto on Saturday night.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shot was fired at a car outside a Merseyside primary school, police have said.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the heptathlon at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Austria.
Formula 1 team Manor have gone into administration with the loss of more than 200 jobs after the team's administrators said there was "no sustainable operational or financial structure" for the team to continue as a going concern.
The number of candidates standing for election to the Northern Ireland Assembly has risen for the second year in a row, with 228 candidates standing in this year's election.
What should you do if you're planning to travel to the US in the run-up to Christmas and the pound falls against the dollar?
A teenager from New Zealand has been crowned the winner of the UK's first alternative model of the year competition.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition calling for a statue commemorating the Falklands War to remain in its current location, despite plans to move it to a new museum site in Portsmouth.
A 29-year-old man has appeared in court in London charged with breaching restrictions imposed on him as part of a counter-terrorism investigation.
Former Sussex and England all-rounder Chris Anyon has been appointed head coach of the club's women's side.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-year deal following his release by League Two side Southend United.
Fairytales are often criticised for being "old-fashioned" - a tale of fairytale fairytales with a modern twist, often set in the 21st Century and dealing with issues that are more relevant today than they were in the 1950s and '60s.
Last year's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, with more than 40 countries taking part, including the United States, the UK, France, Germany, Austria, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Sweden and the Netherlands.
When The Beatles played their first gig at Liverpool's Cavern Club in June 1963, it was one of the biggest nights in the club's history.
South Africa's government has proposed a minimum wage of 12,000 rand ($1,200; £1,000; $1,400) a year for all workers, up from the current 5,500 rand (£1,300; $2,200).
The death of Ethiopia's long-serving and much-loved leader Meles Zenawi, who led the country for more than two decades after the overthrow of the Soviet-backed military junta of Mengistu Haile Mariam in 1991, has left a vacuum in the country's political
Azhar Ali and Misbah-ul-Haq hit half-centuries before rain washed out the second day of the second Test between Australia and Pakistan in Melbourne.
The SNP has won the Leith Walk and Midlothian West by-elections in Edinburgh, using the same voting system used to elect two councillors in the same ward in May's local elections.
Russia has accused the US of being "irrational" for refusing to co-operate with its air strikes in Syria, despite the collapse of a partial truce in the city of Aleppo.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans from Llandovery for the 2017-18 season, subject to international clearance.
US President Barack Obama's decision to impose fresh sanctions on Russia over its alleged interference in last month's US presidential election has been met with fury in Moscow and Washington.
Labour is proposing to scrap tuition fees for university students in England, in the party's manifesto for the general election, in what is the biggest change to university policy for more than two decades.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air disaster, three weeks after the plane crashed into a road, killing 11 people, the fire service has said.
The director of the US National Intelligence Agency has said he has "never been directed to do anything illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the president.
The White House has confirmed that President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama were among the guests at a party in New York attended by celebrities, but would not say how much it cost.
A number of roads in County Londonderry have been closed following an incident in which a man was stabbed in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the world today, and we need to do more to help people with mental health problems, such as anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book written before her best-selling novel was published in the 1960s.
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia to try to broker a cessation of hostilities in Syria, the state department has said.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of London, beating his Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith in an election seen as a test of the city's tolerance towards Muslims.
A new vicar has been appointed at a church in Lancashire after a video in which children sang a selection of qualities needed for a vicar was viewed by thousands of people.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in the 2-1 win over Everton in the Europa League last-16 second leg on Tuesday.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss town of St Gallen before being shot dead by police has died in hospital, police say.
Police are hunting for a "reckless" drone operator after a plane made a near miss with a drone as it made its final approach to an airport.
A seal that became tangled in netting on a beach in Aberdeenshire has been released back into the sea after being rescued by animal welfare officers.
An archive of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland's most famous 20th century writers has been opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
Mark Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union, the largest trade union in England and Wales.
As Laura Mvula prepares to perform on BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland, the singer-songwriter explains why she's "terrified" of live TV - and why her new album is "so much more rawer and darker" than her previous one.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he feels "born again" after returning to action for the first time since being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have announced that they made a pre-tax profit of more than £500,000 for the year ending June 2015, compared to a loss of almost £1.5m the previous year.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after being hit on the head by a metal pole when a throwing cage collapsed on him, it has been confirmed.
Optimism among Scottish businesses remains positive, according to the latest Scottish Chambers of Commerce survey, but there are warning signals in the economy.
A public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to expose both "creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management" by police, Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand survived a second-half fightback from South Africa to reach the World Cup semi-finals with a thrilling victory in a rain-swept encounter at Twickenham.
The world's tallest obelisk is being surveyed for the first time in more than a decade as part of a £1.5m project to help improve its safety and repair its structural integrity.
Shares in Inditex, the owner of Zara and Massimo Dutti, have jumped more than 10% after the firm reported a rise in profits and sales, helped by a strong performance from its online business.
Pop star Lady Gaga is preparing for her Super Bowl half-time show in Houston, Texas, on Sunday - and she's already been working hard to make it one of the most anticipated shows in the event's 30-year history.
A victim of child sex exploitation in Rochdale has said she is still being approached by Asian men in the town five years after the gang was jailed for grooming and abusing her.
A department store in Manchester has been forced to close for a second day after it was badly damaged by flash flooding in the early hours of the morning, the city's council has said.
An apparent bot attack has been detected on a US regulator's website in a bid to derail plans to change the rules on net neutrality, according to a number of watchers.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Les Cotton says the club need to "rebuild" their facilities and infrastructure if they are to attract new fans to their new home in Lancashire.
Moana has topped the US box office chart on its first weekend of release, despite controversy over its depiction of Polynesian culture and its removal of a children's costume that was branded "brownface" by Polynesians.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win over Madison Brengle.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after they were attacked by a group of men in Ballymena, County Antrim, police have said.
German scientists believe they have found the source of the Ebola outbreak in Guinea that killed seven-year-old Emile Koffi, who died of the virus in December 2013.
World number one Stuart Bingham says his wife is "stubborn" and "too comfortable in her belly" to allow him to play at the World Championship in Sheffield.
A section of the pier which collapsed on to the seafront at Anglesey is to be demolished, the council has decided.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the University of Oxford's controversial new housing development in Oxfordshire.
A Gloucestershire school trust is considering shortening the school day and cutting teaching jobs as part of "unthinkable" funding cuts, its chief executive has warned parents in a letter to parents.
Millions of people could be displaced as a result of plans to set up national parks and forests in Africa, according to a report by a campaign group.
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway slip road in Shropshire have said further skeletal remains have been found.
Colombia's Carlos Martinez lost to Kazakhstan's Islam Dusmatov in the Olympic men's bantamweight final in Rio, losing to the former world champion in the semi-finals.
Universities in England are to stage a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay, in a row over the size of the pay rise offered to staff.
The Scottish government is to investigate East Dunbartonshire Council's plans to close a primary school in a bid to save £40m from its budget.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Nagoya Grampus Eight that will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the killing of a militant leader, officials say.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union is likely to have a significant impact on the global economy, but how could the world's central banks deal with the fallout?
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season to take up a teaching position in Shropshire after the 2015-16 season.
Families of patients who died at a mental health ward at the centre of the Tawel Fan scandal were told their deaths may have been a contributory factor, BBC Wales Today has learned.
A 35-year-old man has been jailed for attacking two men with a single punch in County Londonderry, leaving one with a broken jaw and another with a fractured jaw.
Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States women's national team after she was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol on Monday.
A partner at a law firm has admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine with the help of three colleagues who were also charged with the same offence.
Police officers on Scotland's railways are to begin carrying Tasers for the first time in the wake of recent terror attacks in Paris and Brussels.
A Grangemouth-based water pumping station manufacturer is to create up to 100 new jobs after securing £1.5m of funding from UK Steel Scotland (UKSE) and a shareholding in the company.
One of the Brazilian football players who was on board the plane that crashed in Colombia on Monday, killing most of his team, has made a "significant" recovery in hospital, doctors say.
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has said Highways England's plan to build a tunnel under Stonehenge is "old-fashioned" and a "high-class Disneyland experience" that will never be able to be recreated.
Steven Naismith scored his first goal of the season as Everton began their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United defender Paul Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner, who was stabbed to death in south-east London.
Prostate cancer is one of the world's leading causes of cancer death in men, but it is also one of its most under-diagnosed and under-treated.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps beat Worcester Warriors to move to within a point of the Premiership play-off places.
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum, in which at least 22 people were killed on Friday, the country's interior ministry has said.
Satellite images of Mosul airport have revealed how Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed the site in an attempt to prevent Iraqi forces from using it as a logistical base, a US-led coalition says.
The main railway line between London and Reading is to be closed for more than a month over the Easter weekend, Network Rail has said.
An oil and gas company has been granted a permit for exploratory drilling in Gwynedd for the first time in the UK.
Online retail giant Amazon has changed the way it records sales in Europe, in an effort to reduce the amount of money it has to pay in tax.
Junior doctors will go on strike on Monday in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the chief medical officer for England has said.
Oxford United midfielder Callum Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club after his current deal with Everton was cancelled by mutual consent.
A Dorset college has been awarded a £3.5m grant from the government to help fund a new animal science building and refurbish two others in the county.
The Football Association's chairman is to meet the family of Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of head injuries and concussions, the Football Association has said.
If you want to know what it takes to become a multi-millionaire, ask a wealth expert and she will tell you that you need to have a net worth of at least $50m (Â£30m).
Sale Sharks have extended the contracts of Tom and Tom Jones until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a woman in Aberdeen city centre.
The US has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a regional conference on nuclear weapons, saying it was "unrealistic" and "unworkable".
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales have been put on hold after the Welsh government said the UK government's support for the practice was "contrary" to the Welsh Government's approach to renewable energy.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title reign has been like a runaway lorry on the loose for the past six months.
England head coach Eddie Jones will name his final 23-man squad for the autumn Tests on Friday, with a number of the Premiership's top players expected to be included.
An exhibition of more than 100 paintings and drawings by a World War One veteran has gone on display in his home town for the first time since his death in 1936.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football at the end of last season was "not a surprise", according to his former Celtic team-mate Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a garden fence in Northamptonshire.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the closure and privatisation of branches and pensions, it has been announced.
Ulster Unionist leadership candidate Mike Nesbitt has said he "wouldn't withdraw a word" of remarks he made on Monday in which he said he would rather go into Stormont with the SDLP than Sinn FÃ©in or the DUP.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than Â£1m during raids in County Londonderry.
The Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" for a united Ireland in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
Morecambe manager Lee Bentley has urged his players to keep their "feet on the ground" as the League Two leaders move to the top of the table with three wins from their opening four games of the season.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar's response to a list of demands from four Arab states that have imposed sanctions on it is "unacceptable" and "unreasonable".
UKIP policy spokeswoman Diane Evans has said she has "given up hope" of becoming the party's next leader after being barred from standing in the upcoming leadership contest.
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a woman who had used an app-based taxi service to book a ride home from a night out in the capital last month.
As the final whistle sounded at the Stade de France on Thursday night, the Welsh fans in Lyon's Stade Velodrome could be heard singing the national anthem in a chorus that has been part of their lives for more than 60 years.
Renfrewshire's Ferguslie Park has been ranked as the most deprived area in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Laura Cassells and Katherine Scrimgeour won their lightweight double sculls semi-final at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam to qualify for Saturday's final in the same class.
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Callum Johnston from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee after he impressed in his first season at Stark's Park.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea and inflict a third successive Premier League defeat on manager Francesco Guidolin and leave the Italian's future in charge of the Swans in the balance.
It's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise, the first ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby, or the fact that so many Scottish teams qualify for the Heineken Cup from a league without relegation.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of the TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow on Saturday, with the rest of the line-up to be announced later.
The US has urged North Korea to " refrain from the irresponsible provocations that aggravate regional tension" after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor at its main Yongbyon complex.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after human bones were found during a police search for a man who went missing more than 20 years ago.
"Did you set this up or did I set it up for you?"
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to set up a crucial World Twenty20 qualifier against Scotland on Thursday.
A hospital where a patient died after being mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse will remain in special measures for the next three months, inspectors have said.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in contention for a medal in the men's individual pursuit at the Rio Olympics after a successful start to his Olympic Games campaign.
Northern Ireland's health service is to receive an extra £100m over the next financial year, the Stormont executive has announced.
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, the twin brothers who sued Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg over the creation of the social networking site, have filed a new lawsuit against the company.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire.
Harry Pincher, who has died at the age of 100, was one of Britain's best-known and most influential journalists.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee striker Jonny Stewart on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has decided not to prosecute a former soldier who was arrested as part of an investigation into alleged corrupt payments to public officials.
Two care homes have been given poor ratings for the quality of care they provide after inspectors found "serious concerns" over the health and wellbeing of residents.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was found in a car in north London, police have said.
Power has been restored to the remaining 10,000 homes and businesses left without electricity after a substation went offline in Lancashire, Southern Energy has said.
A High Court judge has quashed a government decision to refuse planning permission for more than 1,000 new homes on a former racecourse site.
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have called for compensation to be paid for damage caused by the broken-down and damaged Solent ferry.
French Ligue 1 side Lille have re-signed Tunisian midfielder Youssef Sliti on loan from Paris St-Germain for the rest of the season.
Astronaut Tim Peake has just returned from his first ever trip to the International Space Station, where he's been working with Nasa scientists.
World track cycling champion Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
An Italian military aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after it lost contact with air traffic control over the North Sea.
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences following the discovery of two suspected bomb-making devices in the West Midlands.
The 2015 European Championship kicks off in France on Friday, with hosts France hosting the tournament for the third time, while holders Spain will be looking to defend their title for the fourth time.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will take on Greece in a pre-EuroBasket warm-up game at the Copper Box in London on Saturday, 7 August.
Australia beat Wales to reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup for the first time since 2007 and ended a run of 11 straight defeats against the Welsh.
Scotland scrum-half Andrew Strauss says the players are determined to give head coach Vern Cotter a "good send-off" in his final Six Nations match in charge of the national side.
Former CIA director David Petraeus, who led the US military's campaign against al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and Iraq, has said the Islamic State (IS) group is a formidable enemy, but that the US-backed Iraqi military can win the fight against it.
A cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council's website has exposed the email addresses of more than 1,000 members of the public, officials have said.
Syrian rebel groups say they have launched a major offensive against government forces in response to recent violations of a seven-week cessation of hostilities, amid a sharp rise in fighting in the country.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is introducing advertising on its platform for the first time, in an effort to generate revenue.
David Hall, the actor who played David Bowie in his musical Lazarus, is to perform at this year's Mercury Music Prize ceremony in London, it has been announced.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in a prison cell more than 30 years ago.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it would be wrong for the UK to stay in the single market after the general election, despite Labour and the Conservatives saying they want to leave.
Families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have urged the home secretary to introduce a law to make it easier for public officials to co-operate with police investigations.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online, such as revenge porn, could be prosecuted under new laws coming into force in England and Wales, the BBC has learned.
His grandmother offered him a plate of grapes, but she doesn't remember whether Faizan Ahmad Fayaz took them, or if he took them at all, when he left his home in Indian-administered Kashmir on Sunday morning.
A 70-year-old woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd, police have said.
Four rail companies have been shortlisted for a new £1bn franchise to run trains and buses in Wales for the first time, the Welsh Government has announced.
BBC Radio Scotland's longest-serving presenter, Robbie Robertson, is to step down from the show he has hosted for 35 years this weekend.
Accrington Stanley manager Chris Coleman has accused the Football League of giving Carlisle United an "unfair advantage" by allowing the Cumbrians to play their next three games at neutral grounds.
Two Manchester United supporters have been found at Old Trafford after being found in a VIP area of the stadium during a pre-match party ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston North End in extra-time and reach the EFL Cup second round for the second year in a row.
A shopkeeper who had his tools stolen from a cat and dog charity shop has been told they have been found after a Facebook post about the incident went viral.
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss next year's Commonwealth Games after setting a new personal best of 14 minutes 52.07 seconds to win the 5,000m at the London Anniversary Games.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger is unlikely to be fit for the start of the new season because of his prison sentence for fraud, says the club's manager.
BBC Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has led tributes to Sir Terry Wogan, calling him "one of the greatest broadcasters of our age", as condolence books are opened in his home city of Limerick.
Scotland's political parties have called on the UK government to make "cast iron assurances" over the future of jobs at the Clyde shipyards in Glasgow and Govan.
Republican front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals for the party's presidential nomination have traded insults in their first televised debate ahead of next week's contests in key states.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row, beating Russia and Australia to the title in a dramatic final in Stockholm.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a popular beach following the deaths of five men who drowned there last year, a council has announced.
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club would be "disappointed" if manager Alan Archibald were to leave the Firhill club.
Canadian police say they have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to travel to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Callum Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England could save up to £500m a year by cutting the number of foreign visitors and asylum seekers it treats, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after a 4-1 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night at the SSE Arena.
One of Britain's most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is set to return to the rails for the first time in more than 50 years.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages by a judge.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office on its opening weekend, taking an estimated £14.8m (£12.4m).
Britain's Lizzie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after a serious crash at the European Track Cycling Championships in Rotterdam left her fearing for her life.
The gap between the life expectancies of men and women in the UK is starting to close, according to a study by a UK statistician.
A former police and crime commissioner resigned from his post in order to appear on BBC's Question Time to discuss the Manchester Arena attack, it has emerged.
"The amber warning lights have come back on again for China," said Stephen King in a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos this morning, "and it's time for the world to wake up and take a good look at what's going on."
Thames Water could get a higher rate of return on its investment in the Thames Tunnel than the rate of inflation if it borrows the money to build the project, according to a water industry expert.
The developer of the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures on the impact of the scheme on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland forward Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal from the end of the 2015-16 Premiership season.
A China Eastern Airlines plane has been forced to make an emergency landing after a hole was found in one of its engines, according to passengers on board.
The government has said it will reconsider the case of a British woman who was told she must leave the UK because she is married to a non-European Union (EU) citizen.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
Czech national team boss Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight in the Czech Republic would help the development of Scotland's young players.
The president of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Joseph Kabila, has appointed opposition leader Felix Tshibala as his transitional prime minister, the government has announced.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner as Wycombe moved into the League Two play-off places with a 1-0 win over Exeter at Adams Park.
Journalists at Fairfax Media, one of Australia's biggest newspapers, have gone on strike in protest at plans to cut more than 100 jobs.
Jockey Richard Hannon says he would be "amazed" if Richard Marquand does not follow in the footsteps of Ryan Moore and become champion jockey one day.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group and the government have agreed to resume peace talks next month, a week after the Farc kidnapped a senior military general.
Blackburn Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association following his three-match ban for pushing a referee.
Octopuses change their body colour and behaviour to show aggression and avoidance, according to a study of a colony of the cephalopod off the Australian coast.
Former British number one Laura Robson will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013 when she competes at the grass-court event in the city next month.
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 1,000 people found buried in a field near the capital, Kinshasa, despite calls for it to do so.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman is set to be appointed Everton manager on a three-year contract, BBC Radio 5 live understands.
The problem is that so many of the initiatives and ideas sold to the country as ground-breaking prove to be business as usual.
At least six people have been killed and more than 20 injured in a suicide bomb attack by Kurdish PKK militants in north-eastern Turkey, the Turkish army says.
A body found in woods in North Lanarkshire is believed to be that of a missing teenager from Motherwell, police have said.
Barcelona's Luis Suarez has been named the world's most valuable player for the second year in a row in a study by the CIES Football Observatory.
The solar-powered aeroplane Solar Impulse has left China for Hawaii, the next leg of its attempt to fly around the world using just the energy of the Sun.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) who was suspended over an "unacceptable breach of duty" has settled her case with her former boss, the BBC has learned.
US actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in the hit US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 69.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine was a "very special moment" for the team after their first win at a major tournament in 34 years.
Two legal challenges to the UK government's decision to leave the European Union have been rejected by the High Court in London.
The daughter of Tracey and Pierce Wilkinson, who were stabbed to death at their home in the Black Country, has spoken of her relief that her father is "on the mend" after spending six days in intensive care.
Three US citizens have been sentenced to hard labour in North Korea for offences committed in the communist state, and two others have been released after serving their sentences, but are still being held, as the BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul reports, following a series of attempts to secure their release.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after two questions in a national high school entrance exam were found to be wrong, causing an uproar among students and parents.
Gloucester Rugby League's All Golds have held talks with the owners of Gloucester Rugby Football Club about a possible partnership to build a new ground at the city's Meadow Park.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to " isolate and ostracise" him from his family by asking his father to intervene in a row over comments he made about the Labour leader.
Olympic champions Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will compete in this year's Tour of Britain, which starts in Manchester on 5 September.
A former charity worker has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering offences after a £1.5m fraud at the charity he worked for was uncovered by the chief executive's wife, a court has heard.
A woman from the Dalit community in the western Indian state of Maharashtra has said she was beaten up by a group of women from the upper-caste Hindu community for marrying off her son.
Turkey has accused the US of putting it on a par with a "terrorist organisation" after it said it had held talks with Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
Mae e-bost yn dweud ei fod wedi clywed bod cefnogaeth yn Llandaf i'r Coleg Esgobion yr Eglwys yng Nghymru yn cael ei enwebu
Toshiba is reported to be in talks with banks over a loan deal that could be worth up to $2.2bn (Â£1.6bn), according to media reports.
England will "have to pull their fingers out" to beat Pakistan in the final Test and avoid a 2-0 series whitewash, says James Anderson as they attempt to chase a record fourth-innings target of 284 to level the three-match series.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland says coach Warren Henry "lost half the team" on the first day of their tour of New Zealand because of his selection policy.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan Hodson on a two-year deal following his release by MK Dons.
The Croick Decanter, a decanter used to feed infants during the Highland Clearances of the 19th Century, has been donated to Inverness Museum after a descendant of one of the families who were evicted from an estate in Sutherland researched its history.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death in a row over money has been jailed at the High Court in Belfast for killing him in a "horrific" attack.
The number of guns being sold on the "dark web" - a part of the internet that is hard to identify - is "sufficiently high" to be a cause for concern, according to a new study.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife, his lawyer has confirmed to Newsbeat.
A British man who lost more than 40 stone (254kg) has been granted a visa to return to the United States for free weight-loss surgery.
Scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in Glasgow say they have discovered a new class of drugs that can target androgen receptors in prostate cancer.
The European football leagues are to end their agreement with Uefa over the scheduling of domestic matches on the same night as Champions League matches, the EPFL has announced.
Parents should scrutinise holiday requests and summer holiday plans from members of communities that practise female genital mutilation (FGM), a teachers' union has urged.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City need to appoint a manager who can "get them out of trouble" if they are relegated from the Premier League, according to club legend Alan Curtis.
The average debt owed by Welsh students studying in higher education has risen to £19,280, according to the latest figures from the Student Loans Company.
Italian police have arrested a 23-year-old man accused of pretending to be a Lufthansa pilot for at least one flight last year and flying on other planes, officials say.
Tougher rules should be put in place to make it easier for people from the Indian sub-continent to join their spouse or partner in the UK, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
The number of children in working families in Wales living in poverty has risen by more than 20,000 in the past decade, according to a charity.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that employees who travel between jobs should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their homes and the premises of their first and last jobs - a ruling that could affect thousands of people in the UK.
Schools in Guinea have reopened in the capital, Conakry, after being closed for more than two months because of the Ebola outbreak.
The FTSE 100 has fallen for a ninth day in a row, following a global sell-off in shares, as worries over the health of the global economy and China's slowing economy continued to rattle investors.
The sister of a woman murdered by a County Tyrone man has said she is "angry and fearful" that her sister's killer has been given information about when he is due to be released from prison.
Former Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" of a Chechen leader who posted a video apparently showing him being shot dead by a sniper.
Louis van Gaal was prepared to joke about his side's performance in Saturday's 1-0 Premier League win over Arsenal - after all, it was a game that few expected his side to win at the Emirates Stadium.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first crowdfunding round in the United States, hoping to raise up to $50m (Â£30m) to help fund expansion in the country.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to settle a long-running dispute over the future of their pension scheme, ending the threat of a national strike.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of single-serve coffee pods, is being bought by a private equity firm for $7.3bn (Â£5.4bn) in cash.
A university has removed a poster from its campus after it was branded "in bad taste" in the wake of Jennifer Lawrence's private photos being leaked online.
A man has died after he was stabbed to death in an alleyway in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says his side need to improve their intensity if they are to drive up the number of players called up to the England squad.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" as they bid to become the first team to go a 38-game Scottish Premiership season unbeaten.
The University of Londonderry has said the remaining unfinished rooms in its new student accommodation complex will not be ready for the start of the new academic year.
A County Londonderry council has apologised after one of the world's most popular children's cartoon characters failed to turn up at a Christmas lights switch on.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion assistant manager Colin Calderwood as their new head coach on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he will use his British and Irish Lions omission as motivation for this summer's tour as he prepares to captain his country for the first time.
England's win over Scotland was the perfect start to their Six Nations campaign and it was exactly what they needed to get their season off to a winning start.
Great Britain missed out on a place in the men's 4x100m relay final at the World Championships in London after a baton change in the closing seconds.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a car and a bus crashed in North Lanarkshire, leaving three other people injured.
A 23-year-old man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed into a kerb in East Kilbride.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says British trainer Virgil Hunter can help her follow in the footsteps of former world champion Andre Ward by turning her into a professional boxer.
The world changed on 6 August 1945 when the US dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, the first in the world to be carried out by a nation other than the United States.
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has been granted bail of 50,000 euros (£39,000) after appearing in court in the Republic of Ireland on fraud and money laundering charges.
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar's best-known musicians, and one of the best-loved interpreters of the Malagasy blues.
Aung San Suu Kyi's decision to set up a commission to help the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar's western Rakhine State is the first bit of positive news that the Rohingya have had for a long time.
I think I've only ever had one or two hugs from Ivan Lendl in my life, so it was a bit of a surprise when I saw him at Queen's Club on Tuesday morning.
A group of 16 and 17-year-olds who voted in the Scottish independence referendum have told Newsbeat they want to see the voting age lowered to 16 in the next general election.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has been in charge of the Mercedes team since the end of last season when Nico Rosberg left to join Ferrari as world champion.
Smoking may increase the risk of developing schizophrenia, a study of more than 300,000 people suggests.
Four people, including two children, have been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty on a beach in Avonmouth.
A former Archbishop of Canterbury has said it would not be "anti-Christian" to allow terminally ill people in England and Wales to end their lives if assisted suicide is made legal.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was a "panic decision" and a "wrong decision", according to former Foxes striker Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are using bare hands to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital, Dhaka, as the death toll from the disaster continues to rise.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Aberdeen were beaten 3-0 by Celtic in Sunday's Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Park, with BBC Scotland's Pat Bonner, Willie Miller and Willie Miller giving their verdict on the match.
The public inquiry into the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006 is due to begin its first public hearing later this week.
A health board has been criticised for the way it handled funding for an organ donation charity's £150,000 challenge to raise awareness of the law's changes to the law on organ donation.
An elderly woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire, police have said.
A man accused of fraudulently claiming to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has pleaded not guilty to two counts of fraud.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at some of the people who will be standing and sitting in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has told a judge he will rebuild it, despite being told to demolish it or face jail.
The first trams have run on Nottingham's new light-rail system for the first time since construction began more than two years ago, after months of delays.
The DIY SOS team has been targeted in a series of break-ins at the Birmingham and Black Country Show, the BBC has said.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for 2015, the second year in a row the company has lost money, as it continues to be hit by the fall in the price of oil.
EE has been rated as the best mobile network in the UK for reliability and speed in a study of more than a year's worth of tests, beating O2 and Three, according to a new report.
A homeless man who drove a rollercoaster across the streets of Dumfries while over the drink-drive limit has been given a two-year driving ban and given a community payback order.
Two years ago, the residents of Vila Uniao, one of Rio de Janeiro's most deprived neighbourhoods, were preparing to lose their homes to a new bus rapid transit system.
The UK's nuclear regulator has moved to reduce the risk of one of Britain's oldest reactors breaching a safety margin, but it may have to increase another because of concerns over the health of the graphite bricks at the core.
A US hunter who shot and killed a famous lion in Zimbabwe has been accused of being "sick in the head" for spending thousands of pounds to kill the animal.
The 200th anniversary of one of the world's best-selling Scotch whisky brands is to be marked with a major fundraising drive on the island of Islay in the Western Isles.
David Hockney's former partner has told an inquest into the death of a friend who died after drinking acid at the artist's home that the man was "living on the edge" and liked living on the "edge".
Nigeria's rowing star Chierika Ukogu may have missed out on a medal at the Olympics, but that did not stop rapper Snoop Dogg telling his followers that she had won a silver.
A plane travelling from Edinburgh to Chicago has had to make a second emergency landing in 24 hours after a mechanical issue forced it to return to the city.
A number of major sporting events are under increased security following Monday's terror attack in Manchester in which 22 people were killed and 59 injured.
The government spent £8.3bn to set up and run academies in England in the two years after the general election, more than £1bn over budget, a spending watchdog has said.
Russell Knox's arrival at the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart was greeted with a warm welcome by a group of journalists and a warm handshake from the world's number one ranked golfer.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police in a bid to force the force to "do their job" and release CCTV footage of her daughter's last day alive.
Police in Rio say they have made contact with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, as part of an investigation into alleged illegal ticket sales at the Rio Olympics.
Joyce Banda is the first female president of Malawi - and the first in the country's history to be elected as a vice-president.
Charlton Athletic have been drawn at home to Exeter City in the first round of the EFL Cup, while League Two side Forest Green Rovers will travel to Gillingham in the second round.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Australia earlier this week have been found safe and well, say zoo officials.
Women are being held back by a "permafrost" of male middle managers in the UK's intelligence services, according to a new report.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has called on Muslims and non-Muslims to "stand up against all forms of oppression, hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world", following the Westminster terror attack.
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she and her partner Jonny Powell have lost their baby girl.
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a car crash while being chased by police has been jailed for 12 years.
A County Antrim woman who lived as a man for more than 30 years before undergoing gender reassignment surgery has spoken of her relief at finally being able to live as a woman for the first time.
Astronomers have discovered the first planet that's very close to the size of our own Jupiter - and it's got water!
Peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport in preparation for the Nato summit in the city later this month, with organisers saying they expect thousands of people to descend on the city to protest against the alliance's military build-up.
A man has been arrested by police investigating claims Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was hacked and private pictures of her children offered to a newspaper, it has emerged.
Poland's ambassador to the UK has called on all Polish nationals who fall victim to "xenophobic abuse" to report it to local authorities.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales flanker Rob McCusker on a short-term deal until the end of the season to cover for the injured Sam Underhill.
Masked gunmen have ambushed a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris, stealing 250,000 euros (Â£200,000; $300,000) in cash and official documents, French prosecutors say.
When you think of the words 'women in a man's world', you probably think of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle, the two British rugby union greats who have been involved in the sport for more than a century and have won Olympic gold and silver medals.
Telecoms services in Shetland have been restored after a fault at a radio transmitter in Orkney led to major disruption to emergency services.
A school's prom has been cancelled because of "significant focus and distraction" caused by the event and the "unacceptable pressure" it puts on pupils, it has been claimed.
Mohamed is one of the thousands of people trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey into Greece, hoping to find a better life for himself and his family in Europe.
Former Leicestershire boss Gary Porter has returned to the club as chief executive for the first time since leaving in 2014, after agreeing a two-year deal with the League Two club.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted that she fell asleep during last year's State of the Union address after drinking wine before the speech.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after police found a "suspicious package" at a house in Greater Manchester, police have said.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has resigned, saying he has "left nothing in the tank" and will not be seeking re-election in 2017.
The Conservative Party has been accused of "on an industrial scale" of "personal attacks" against Labour MPs on social media in the run-up to the general election.
A taxi driver who may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of an attempted kidnap attempt has been urged to come forward by police.
An ex-offenders' food truck is set to double the number of trainees it employs as part of a project aimed at helping people with criminal convictions to return to a life on the straight and narrow.
A woman who was raped by a man who posed as a taxi driver in Edinburgh 10 years ago is thought to be in the Netherlands, police have said.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at their headquarters, moving armoured vehicles close to the main building and using dogs to search for a suspect.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before sexually abusing him on three separate occasions has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Chandrasekaran is the latest member of the International Space Station (ISS) and she's the first British woman to be sent into space.
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her from taking part in future protests against street tree felling in Sheffield.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have backed team boss Sir Dave Brailsford in the wake of the latest doping scandal to hit British Cycling.
Snap, the parent company of messaging app Snapchat, has announced it is developing a pair of sunglasses that can record video.
Guinea-Bissau's players have received their bonuses for qualifying for next year's Africa Cup of Nations after a dispute over unpaid wages was resolved, the government has said.
David Cameron has said the government will make a decision on a proposed satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks in Kent "properly" after consultations, but he would not say when the decision was likely to be made.
Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford at Vicarage Road for their first Championship win of the season and end the Hornets' unbeaten start to the season.
Two wings of a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" during disturbances over the weekend, the Prison Officers' Association has said.
England Test batsman Joe Root says he will take more responsibility for his batting under new head coach Peter Moores after being named player of the year for the men's side for the second year in a row.
Southend United boss Grant McCann says he will continue to believe his side can reach the League One play-offs despite Saturday's 3-0 home defeat by Peterborough United.
A public inquiry has begun into a planning application for more than 1,000 homes on the site of a former military base in Kent.
A railway line which was closed for more than a week after a section of track collapsed is expected to reopen next week, Network Rail has said.
An Asian detective has received compensation from the Metropolitan Police after he claimed an officer put a monkey toy on a colleague's desk in what he thought was a racist incident, the BBC has learned.
Journalists in the Philippines say they are "appalled" by President-elect Rodrigo Duterte's remarks that security officials should be allowed to kill people who criticise him.
A surfer who was seriously injured when he was attacked by a shark in Western Australia has died from his injuries, police have said.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the water at a lifeboat station in Gwynedd.
For decades, Botswana has been at the forefront of southern Africa's economic development, and has been hailed as one of the most stable and stable countries in the region.
A mother accused of murdering her toddler daughter had "many and terrible injuries" which would have made breathing "very painful" at the time she died, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they came from behind to beat 10-man St Johnstone and close the gap on Premiership leaders Kilmarnock.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend after she sent him a text message saying she feared for her life following an attack at their flat.
Three men who gave a man the "kiss-of-life" after he was trapped in a crushed car in a dyke have said they are "proud" to have helped save his life.
Armed police officers will be patrolling the streets of London and the rest of England and Wales by the end of the year, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a controversial electoral reform that will change the way the country elects MPs.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with banks and telecoms shares leading the way, as investors bet on a rise in interest rates next week.
A man who caused the death of a three-year-old boy in a car crash in which four others were injured has been jailed for five years.
Double Paralympic gold medallist Jo Cox, T37 sprinter Jo Peacock and T34 treble winner Sophie Cockroft have been named in Great Britain's squad for this summer's World Para-athletics Championships in London.
The father of a woman who was allegedly gang raped in Afghanistan has said the president of the country has promised to investigate the case after he went public with his story.
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend's home and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for two years and four months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott became the first batsman to reach 25,000 first-class runs for the season as his side put themselves in a good position against Somerset on day three.
Newport County manager Mike Flynn's first game in charge of the club ended in victory as Mickey Demetriou's free-kick gave them victory over Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England began their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable 5-1 win over Guinea in Porto Alegre.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a house in Rochester and Strood on Twitter in response to the party's defeat in the by-election in the constituency.
The Carpenters' former lead singer Richard Carpenter is suing the record label that has released the band's music for more than 50 years over alleged underpayment of royalties from digital downloads.
A Scottish business delegation is travelling to Myanmar as part of a trade mission to explore opportunities in the country's oil and gas industry.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has played a key role in the migration crisis that has seen tens of thousands of Haitians return to their country from the neighbouring country in recent years, the BBC's Will Grant has found.
A school in Surrey is to be expanded to cope with an increase in pupil numbers, the county council has announced.
Portsmouth have made their third signing of the summer by bringing in Congolese international Vincent Linganzi on a short-term deal.
Rory Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to return from injury for Ulster's Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday after being ruled out of Saturday's game against Leinster because of injury.
Councillors in the Brecon Beacons National Park have backed a bid to stop a pub being turned into a convenience store in a town in the county.
Airdrieonians were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish League One play-off semi-final second round.
Australian Treasurer Josh Frydenberg has called on Prime Minister Tony Abbott to do more to help refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East, as pressure mounts on him to increase the number of people coming to Australia by boat.
More than 30 scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to rethink its plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A four-year-old girl has been banned from wearing a headscarf at a primary school after a councillor claimed it breached the Equality Act.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits while living with his wife has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a great-grandfather who was stabbed to death after a car crash in West Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said, slightly better than the 0.2% growth recorded in the first quarter.
The success of our team at the Women's World Cup in Canada has been a huge boost for women's football in England, but there is more to come from our return to the country.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been accused of being "ageist" over Neil Hamilton's decision to return to frontline politics after a 20-year absence, after he was elected as the party's leader in the Welsh Assembly.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side's victory over Manchester United was "the game we wanted and expected" after they beat the Premier League leaders for the first time in five visits to Stamford Bridge.
The quality of life and care of older people in residential care in Wales is to be reviewed as part of a review into the sector.
The new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C has been appointed by the Welsh Government as Gareth Evans.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi dweud y bydd pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth yn dilyn pleidlais Brexit yn y Senedd, yn ôl blaid Lafur
Scientists are to carry out a major study of human remains believed to be from mythical "yeti" creatures, in a bid to shed light on the mysterious beasts of the Himalayas and other remote regions of the world.
Uefa has accused the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) of being "inadequate" in its handling of the case of Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho, who tested positive for a banned substance.
Leading scientists have called for a radical overhaul of UK regulation of genetically modified (GM) crops, saying current rules are "increasingly political influence and undermining science".
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as "utterly mistaken and unacceptable" a deputy chief of staff's comparison of the country's current political climate with that of Nazi Germany.
A review into the future of Welsh language broadcaster S4C will be announced "shortly", the Wales Office has said, amid concerns over a delay in the publication of its findings.
Passengers travelling from Edinburgh to Glasgow are being warned to expect disruption over the next two months as a major engineering project takes place.
Liverpool owner Marwan Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club have been sold to a consortium of American investors.
There has been a slight rise in the number of top A* and A grades at GCSEs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that global economic growth could slow to 3.2% this year and 3.5% in 2017, down from 3.6% in 2016.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in Fox News' Republican presidential debate, the network has announced, leaving the front-runner in the race for the party's presidential nomination out of the main event.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan spell of England back-row Ellis Genge from Bristol until the end of the 2016-17 season, with the option of a permanent deal.
There will be no redundancies at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in Wales, the transport minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of flat pitches in the County Championship may have worked to the benefit of the county's batsmen.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to Facebook and work next to their headquarters?
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of 15-year-old Bailey Gwynne who was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Joe Ward on a two-year contract for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months.
Three teenagers jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack have had their sentences increased at the Court of Appeal.
It was a scene you would expect to see at the end of an Olympic and Paralympic Games, but what you did not see was what you would have expected - thousands of people, many of them young and some of them old, dancing and singing in the middle of Olympic Park.
The so-called Sykes-Picot map of the Middle East, which marked the beginning of a century of British and French colonial rule in the region, appears to have collapsed in the face of two major challenges.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he wants to return to Manchester City when his contract with the club expires at the end of the season.
The amount of money spent on agents and intermediaries in England's top two divisions has more than doubled in the past two years, according to the latest figures.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Watford goalkeeper David Gilmartin as first-team coach and re-signed Colchester United goalkeeper David Brill on a two-year deal.
"I still think Tor is the best option there is out there, but that doesn't mean no software is perfect," says David Dingledine.
A couple found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed by their husband, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan spoke at half-time of Scotland's 2-2 draw with Malta on Sunday night at Hampden Park and he wasn't afraid to use the word "crisis" to describe the state of his team's World Cup qualifying campaign.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory at home to struggling Coventry, who remain without a win in eight games.
An Australian government minister has confirmed that 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers have been sent back to Vietnam after their boat was scuttled off the country's north-west coast, in the latest in a series of boat turn-backs.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory in the Spanish Grand Prix at Circuito de Jerez.
Olympic champion Helen Glover says she is looking forward to returning to Great Britain's coxless pair for the World Cup regatta in Amsterdam in August after missing last year's event with world champion Polly Swann.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of weakening the coalition's commitment to fairness and civil liberties in his final Commons speech as leader of the Liberal Democrats.
China's industrial production grew at a slower-than-expected pace in April, adding to concerns that the country's economy may be losing momentum.
Microsoft's research and development (R&D) programme has been described as the "biggest in the world" by the company's chief executive, Satya Nadella, and the success of its latest product, the XBox Kinect, has been hailed as proof that its investment in research
With all the results now declared, Jac Larner of Cardiff University sums up the night for Wales' five main parties.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Olamide Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting is under way in the general election in Merseyside, with the result expected to be announced in the early hours of the morning.
A huge billboard in County Down has gone viral after a mystery donor paid for it to be erected in support of a schoolboy who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of London for the annual Pride parade, with organisers calling for people to "live without filter" in the wake of the Orlando shooting.
Up to 230 jobs could be lost at a helicopter manufacturing site in Somerset after the Italian manufacturer Leonardo said it plans to move production out of the town.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping a woman and assaulting an off-duty police officer after he stopped her car to question her about who she was seeing, a court has heard.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed the remote North Atlantic island of Rockall as its own territory in the 1950s, in order to "guard against the possibility of hostile agents" installing themselves on the island.
The artist who painted the cover of The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City defender Sean Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has set out its vision for the future of renewable energy, which includes the use of biomass such as biomass, wind, solar and biofuels to meet its target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 80% by 2050.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the UK's budget deficit for the next parliament for the first time since the last election.
Sophie Raworth has been named as one of the new presenters of BBC One's Watchdog, replacing Anne Robinson, who is to leave the programme.
The president of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take Fifa to court if a member of the organisation's electoral committee does not step down over a potential conflict of interest ahead of the 26 February presidential election.
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl who was found dead in her parents' home more than 30 years ago after her body was found on their bed.
Spending by the BBC on television, radio and online services in the last two years has been worth £8.3bn to the UK economy, according to the corporation.
World number three Ding Junhui produced a stunning display to thrash top seed Mark Williams 10-2 and set up a World Championship semi-final against Mark Selby on Wednesday.
The US has said it will resume security assistance to Bahrain, despite criticism from rights groups that it has not done enough to improve the human rights situation in the Gulf state.
A ticket for The Beatles' first ever UK gig has been put up for auction and is expected to fetch up to £4,000 when it goes under the hammer.
Support for young people leaving care in England is "poor and worsening", says a report by a group of MPs who have called for a review of the government's strategy for care leavers.
Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" is "deeply ill-considered" and could have "unintended consequences", a teachers' union has warned.
A body has been found in the search for a Denbighshire man who has been missing for more than a week, police have said.
David Oyelowo has called Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" as an insult to black actors "ridiculous" and said it's "disgraceful".
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities in care homes and hospitals in England and Wales are being "denied their freedoms unlawfully", the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher, who has died at the age of 87, is widely regarded as one of the most successful prime ministers of the 20th Century, and is widely credited with ushering in a period of economic and social change that has lasted for more than 30 years.
GDF Suez and BP have announced the discovery of an oil and gas field in the Central North Sea off the coast of Shetland, off the north-west coast of Scotland.
Red Bull have said they are no longer interested in engine supply from Mercedes and are considering other manufacturers, with the team's relationship with Renault at the centre of a row.
The largest cruise ship ever to dock in the US has docked in the Gulf of Mexico, a day after a fire on board left more than 2,000 passengers stranded in filthy conditions.
Harlequins came from 30-18 down at half-time to beat London Irish in their European Challenge Cup quarter-final at The Stoop and set up a home semi-final against Newcastle Falcons next weekend.
The States of Guernsey's Department of the Environment has launched a public consultation on potential sites for new housing and business development in the island.
A screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in Kingussie later to mark the village's inclusion in the film's soundtrack.
Marcus Trescothick hit his second first-class century of the season and James Trego also hit a century to put Somerset in a strong position against Middlesex on day four.
There was a "co-ordinated, deliberate and sustained action to introduce an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" into some schools in Birmingham, according to a government-commissioned report into the so-called "Trojan Horse" affair.
Venezuela's National Assembly has been left in the dark for more than an hour after the lights went out during a debate on energy policy, leaving the chamber in darkness.
A woman in Hanoi was waiting for her son to be admitted to hospital for an operation when she realised she could not afford to pay for the treatment he needed, so she decided to bribe the staff.
Argentina has said it will take legal action against five oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands, accusing them of illegally drilling for oil and gas in Argentine territory.
Two of England's most successful rugby union players started their careers at the same club when they were just 11 and 12 years old, it has been revealed.
The world's oldest human being has died at the age of 112, according to the Italian Gerontology Research Group (GRG), after a long illness.
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens, as they prepare to face Saracens in the Champions Cup quarter-finals on Saturday.
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of the Super League table with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
A boxer who was barred from competing for Team Wales because she had competed in professional kickboxing in the past has become a professional boxer.
Maria Sharapova is back in the top 500 of the women's rankings for the first time in more than a year, and her return to action at the Stuttgart Open was as emphatic as it has been for so long.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Kei Nishikori in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne for the fourth time in a row.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker in the January transfer window after Botti Bia-Bi's late equaliser against Cowdenbeath earned his side a point in their opening Championship game of the season.
French President Francois Hollande has said the European Union must be "simple" and "clear" in the face of growing anti-EU sentiment, after his party lost its majority in the European elections.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over his promise to reduce immigration to levels last seen in the 1990s, as he launched his party's general election campaign.
The renewal of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system should be given the go-ahead as soon as possible, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds of government money is to be made available to help councils in England introduce fortnightly bin collections, the government has announced.
Archaeologists say they have discovered evidence of a "prehistoric supermarket" of trees and plants in the Amazon rainforest, which could only have been brought together by humans.
Catalans Dragons earned their first Super League win of the season thanks to Shaun Walsh's second-half penalty goal as they came from behind to beat Hull FC at the Stade Gilbert Brutus in the opening round of the Super 8s.
Sir Christopher Lee, the actor best known for his roles as Count Dooku and Saruman in the Lord of the Rings films, has released a new album, Metal Knight, which includes three original songs.
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after just two years in charge of the Championship club.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the mistakes that led to his side's relegation from the Premier League this season.
Labour's Neil Hamilton has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Cumbria in the 2016 general election.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a historic Edinburgh pub for the first time in more than 300 years.
A gardener from Liverpool, Stephen Paul Copoc travelled to the match by car with a group of friends, who all survived, including his brother, Peter Copoc, who was also killed in the crash.
A US marine has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a transgender woman in the Philippines, in a case that has strained ties between the US and the country's military.
Ian Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing should not be allowed to play again in tennis and has called for an end to the sport's "culture of corruption".
The US military is considering whether to transfer Chelsea Manning, a transgender soldier jailed for leaking classified documents to Wikileaks, to a civilian prison, the Pentagon has said.
David Cameron is expected to reject Iain Duncan Smith's criticism of his style of government in a statement to Conservative MPs later, following his surprise resignation as Work and Pensions Secretary.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out in the second round of the Wuhan Open in South Korea by American Lauren Davis.
For many elderly people, finding a way to keep in touch with their loved ones when they move abroad can be a daunting task, especially if they are unable to speak the language or have no idea what to do with their time.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed a Ferrari one-two in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix as Mercedes continued to struggle in the heat and humidity of Spa-Francorchamps.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean on a free transfer after he impressed during a trial with the Scottish Premiership club.
Disney is one of the most powerful companies in the world of entertainment and has been buying up a lot of businesses in recent years.
The number of students who have been placed on to university courses through the so-called "clearing" system has hit a five-year high at the start of the new academic year.
The amount of phosphorus used to fertilise grasslands around the world is set to more than double by the middle of the century, according to new research.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he will look into banning foreign investors from buying homes in the country's biggest cities if he wins the election in October.
A three-year-old boy who received a liver transplant from his father has made "satisfactory" progress following his operation, his grandmother has said.
A woman has been given a suspended jail sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a Cumbrian teenager who died from cancer after making a bucket list of things she wanted to do before she died.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for six years for grooming and sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors on its trains.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth, prompting a police warning for people to keep a safe distance from the animal.
Sheffield Panthers moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a 4-2 win over Cardiff Devils in the Challenge Cup semi-final at the SSE Arena.
Helen Williams, the former Miss America who was asked to resign the title in 1984, has received an apology from the Miss America Organization at the pageant's 32nd annual event in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are set to be sold as scrap after no bids were received for at least one of them, the BBC has learned.
The company behind plans to build an electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and the mainland has submitted further details of its business case for the project to the energy regulator.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson, who was kidnapped by Islamist militants in Mali in 2013, has been released after more than two years in captivity.
William Grigg scored his first Wigan goal of the season as the Latics eased to victory over Championship strugglers Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales are being put at greater risk of needing hospital treatment because of the high cost of treatment, according to new research.
Nottingham Forest fought back from a goal down to earn a point at home to Preston North End in their second Championship game of the season.
The father of a man shot dead during an anti-government protest in Venezuela's capital, Caracas, has called on President Nicolás Maduro to help clear his son's name, in a tearful press conference outside the morgue where he is buried.
An American college has been ordered to hand over recordings of interviews it made with former IRA members as part of an oral history project, known as the "Boston tapes", to police in Northern Ireland.
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank at a pet shop in Lancashire while its owner was "just a few feet away", the shop's owner has said.
A case of bird flu has been found at a turkey rearing farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop the forced return of people fleeing the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency in north-eastern Cameroon.
The family of a girl who drowned while on an educational trip to a swimming pool have been awarded compensation after a High Court judge ruled the council was responsible for her death.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he is looking forward to being invited to play for the Gambia for the first time after receiving an official invitation from the country's Football Association.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, a week ahead of a presidential vote that has been delayed by the UN because of political unrest.
More than 1,500 savings rate cuts have been made by banks in the past year and more than 230 so far this year, according to research carried out for the BBC by a rate-checking firm.
The Firth of Forth Bridge has been awarded Unesco World Heritage Site status for its "outstanding universal value" after being nominated by the Scottish government.
There was no mention of money in the Scottish Football Association's statement on Gordon Strachan's decision to stay on as Scotland manager after the 5-0 thrashing by England at Wembley on Thursday.
A plant that can soak up up up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year could be used to curb climate change in the Arabian desert, according to German scientists.
Scotland's political parties have been making their final pitches for votes on the final day of campaigning ahead of the general election on 8 June.
The family of Burkina Faso's former President Blaise Sankara have asked France to declassify military documents relating to his assassination, a lawyer for the family has said.
A bridge has collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa, killing at least 11 people and injuring at least 20 others, police say.
Edinburgh has more traffic "pinch points" than any other city in the UK, according to a new report.
A man has admitted secretly filming women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre while wearing khaki shorts and trainers with a hidden camera.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into reports that a group of people are being held against their will in a remote part of the town where they live.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players will face the "hardest punishment" if they are found guilty of punching or kicking Hamilton Academical team-mates Scott Foster and Ryan Swanson during Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Firhill.
British singer-songwriter Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist and record of the year, at this year's ceremony in Los Angeles, USA.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of the holy month of Ramadan, and we've been asking you what you're looking forward to this year.
Two men who were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired in the same street have been released on bail.
A transgender woman who took her own life was sent to a men's prison because she feared she would be "carried out in a box", her partner has told an inquest into her death.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the financial year, according to new figures.
A school trip for reception pupils ended in a serious accident when a tractor trailer overturned on a hillside, leaving four children with serious injuries, including a head injury.
Andy Murray remains on course to become the first British man to win three Grand Slam titles when he takes on Belgium in the final of the Davis Cup in Belgium on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says he has been "pushed to places he has never been pushed before" as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko in their heavyweight title fight on 29 April.
Pope Francis has condemned the "complicit silence" of the world in the face of persecution of Christians, at a Good Friday service at Rome's Colosseum, where he carried a cross for the first time.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to use the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema in the city of Aurora until his next court appearance next week.
Bolivian authorities are scrambling to control a plague of locusts that has killed more than 100 people and destroyed thousands of hectares of land in the past week.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions rugby union captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten 2-0 by England at Hampden Park on Tuesday night.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the changing patterns of winter sea ice in the Antarctic, according to a new study.
A pair of polar bears have been introduced to a Scottish zoo in a bid to breed the first polar bear cubs to be born in the UK in more than 25 years.
Northern Ireland's Martin McGuinness will race for the second year in a row in the Superbike class at this year's Isle of Man TT after signing a one-year deal with the Honda Racing team.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete who shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, has been released from court after being given a five-year jail sentence for killing her.
Belfast Harbour authorities are continuing to monitor an inquisitive whale that has been spotted swimming in Belfast Lough in the River Foyle.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury in connection with the death of an African-American woman who was found hanged in a Texas jail cell.
Shrewsbury Town were held to a goalless FA Cup first-round draw by Fleetwood Town in their first game of the season.
Louis Tomlinson's "I love you" tweet to Harry Styles has become the most retweeted tweet of all time, according to US social media site Twitter.
A court in Chile has found a German man guilty of being part of a cult that ran a slave colony in the Pinochet-era Pinochet regime and sentenced him to 20 years in prison.
Welsh MPs have been asked to give their first Commons speeches since taking up their seats in the House of Commons since the general election last month.
In the Victorian fairground where the grotesque mixed with the gaudy, there would be the stand where you would be able to lace up a pair of boxing gloves and take on the gnarled and grizzled man mountain who would be waiting for you in the ring.
A community pub which reopened after a 10-year absence has been named the UK's best community pub in a competition run by a campaign group.
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the eastern state of Veracruz, following allegations of fake medicine being used in children's hospitals.
Physicists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Switzerland say they have detected the decay of a particle that could be one of the so-called "super particles" that have been proposed as a possible explanation for some of the mysteries of the Universe.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's financial problems could see them go out of business if fans do not return to the club, which has been playing out of a ground share in Cheltenham for the past six years.
Mourners at the funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon have paid tribute to an "inspiration" who served his country with distinction in Afghanistan and the Middle East.
A teenager who was subjected to a "terrifying" sexual attack by two men who held him at knifepoint has spoken out for the first time after his attackers were jailed at Belfast Crown Court.
A US soldier killed in an attack by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants on a base in Syria has been named by the US military as a 25-year-old from New Jersey, the Pentagon has said.
Zac Efron, Bradley Cooper and Meryl Streep were among the big winners at this year's MTV Movie Awards, which took place on Sunday night.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of Uefa's 25-man Champions League squad list for the second half of the season as he continues his recovery from injury.
Tourists in Spain have been accused of causing the death of a young bottlenose dolphin by "manhandling and harassing" it while it was stranded on a beach in the south of the country.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men who broke into a house in Dundee and attacked them with a hammer and knife before stealing cash and jewellery.
A GP in County Londonderry has started a challenge to get his patients to climb a mountain every day for a month in a bid to improve their mental and physical health.
"Disability cannot stop you from feeling and looking beautiful," says Neetu Kewlani, who won India's first Miss Wheelchair India beauty pageant last month.
More than 1,000 properties in Northern Ireland were left without power on Saturday night after a fault caused a power cut.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the early hours of the morning.
The majority of people in Edinburgh are "happy" with plans for a £100m cycle path across the city, according to the city council, but there is still "work to be done" before the final route design is agreed.
The number of midwife training places in Wales needs to be sustained to avoid a "deterioration" in services, a report has said.
The UK's involvement in the Iraq war "radicalised a whole generation" of young people who saw it as an attack on Islam, the former head of MI5 has told the Chilcot inquiry.
The number of entries for Friday's Grand National has been confirmed for the first time in three years, with favourite Many Clouds the only horse to miss out on a place in the field.
Teachers' pay in Northern Ireland has not fallen by 20% since 2010, the chief executive of the Education Authority has said.
Thousands of people are heading to Chester Zoo in the UK this weekend to take part in one of the biggest animal counts in the world.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year, figures obtained by the BBC's Panorama programme show.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a 15-month-old boy whose body was found in a cellar after it was found on the dark web, police say.
The Green Party's Caroline Lucas has said the party will support a second referendum on the final Brexit deal if it wins seats in the general election.
An NHS trust which was criticised for failing to keep patients at high risk of suicide safe has been rated "outstanding" by inspectors.
Two members of a gay rights group in Bangladesh have been hacked to death with machetes in the latest in a series of attacks by suspected Islamist militants in the country.
Rule the World, the first Grand National winner for Gigginstown House Stud, has been retired after failing to recover from injury in time for this year's race at Aintree.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are expected to arrive in Liberia later, as part of a trial to see if it can protect against the deadly virus.
Police searching for a missing Inverness man who has been missing for more than a week have made a fresh attempt to find him in the sea.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and Keeping Up Appearances, has died at the age of 74.
The number of women being diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has more than trebled in the past 40 years, according to new figures.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to resume on Tuesday, his friend has said.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p per litre in the past month, according to the latest figures from the RAC motoring body.
A university has written an open letter to its students warning them to "show consideration" for the safety of their neighbours after complaints of noise and drunken behaviour.
The centenary of the birth of playwright Arthur Miller is being marked this year with a series of revivals of some of his best-loved plays, including his classic A View from the Bridge, Death of a Salesman and All My Sons.
A hospital has banned the public from visiting its wards and accident and emergency department after a norovirus outbreak led to the closure of a number of wards.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with an acid attack which left two men needing hospital treatment.
A court in Paris has ruled that the cross-channel ferry firm SeaFrance is to be liquidated, with the loss of more than 600 jobs in the UK.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in Jordan's capital, Jordan City, against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah II last month that critics say marginalises the country's Bedouin minority.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield, who was jailed for life for the rape and murder of 15-year-old Milly Dowler, has denied making a confession to police.
Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use, following a recommendation by a committee set up to study the issue.
Derek McInnes has come up trumps in his second season in charge of Aberdeen, according to former Pittodrie defender Lee Thompson.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with the club about a move away from Goodison Park this summer, but will not reveal how much money he is asking for.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90, bringing to an end a 27-year rule that has seen the Central Asian country become one of the region's most strategically important states.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recording of Stairway To Heaven recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been released for the first time in more than 40 years.
Wales in the 13th Century was a very different country to the one we know today, with much of it under the control of the English.
A prison officer has been attacked with a razor blade at a prison in County Antrim, the Prison Service has said.
The number of people returning Christmas gifts is expected to rise sharply on Tuesday, as people return items they bought online, but may struggle to get a refund because they do not have a receipt.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has called on the public to accept that the current system is not fit for purpose.
A schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium in which a driver was killed is still "emotionally not quite right", her father has said.
Dundee secured their first home win of the season and moved off the bottom of the Premiership with victory over Motherwell, who had a goal ruled out for a controversial "ghost goal" in the first half.
Former Dundee United midfielder Jon Daly says he would consider a return to Rangers if the club offered him a new deal.
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy's winless run in charge of the Championship club extended to seven games as Derby County eased to victory at Portman Road.
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a year after US inventories fell for the second week in a row, adding to the recent rally in the price of the commodity.
A man who drove a Porsche around Beijing in under three minutes has been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol, Chinese state media report.
Fewer than half of councils in England are building enough affordable homes under the government's Right to Buy scheme, according to housing charity Shelter.
Russia's lower house of parliament is set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of media outlets, amid tensions with Ukraine over the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands and build a new one in Coventry have been given the go-ahead by the fire service.
A man has been arrested after a woman and her two children were abducted from their car in Belfast on Saturday afternoon.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on a short-term deal after his contract with the League Two club was cancelled by mutual consent, reports BBC Radio Solent.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out his proposals for dealing with the migrant crisis in a speech to MEPs in Brussels, promising to take in 160,000 more refugees.
Northampton Town chairman David Cardoza and his father were given more than £2.65m by a company appointed to oversee the redevelopment of the club's Sixfields stadium, it has emerged.
It has been a week that has seen Chechnya's most powerful leader turn on his critics - and the backlash has been swift and brutal.
Haiti's former police chief, Guy Philippe, has appeared in court in the US to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering, a day after he was arrested in the capital, Port-au-Prince, on the same day he was due to be sworn in as a senator.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses who find it difficult to afford to live in the south of England as part of a drive to recruit more staff.
Police in India have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a building in the western city of Mumbai that killed more than 30 people, including children, and injured more than 100 others.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged attempt to blackmail a team-mate with a sex tape, the French prosecutor's office has said.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two-year contract after he impressed on trial at the Scottish Premiership club.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive, with the club set to put the club up for sale at the end of the season.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs to move up to second in Division One and maintain their push for a top-two finish in the County Championship.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in the UK's annual Christmas swims over the next few days, with organisers saying the water temperature is higher this year than it was last year.
China's Cao Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong have been banned for a year after failing drugs tests at the 2012 Olympic Games.
The number of empty shops on Scotland's towns and cities' high streets has fallen over the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to have "special discussions" with other EU member states in key areas such as finance, telecommunications or chemicals during the Brexit negotiations, the EU has said.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the Greek government and its creditors broke up without a deal being reached, amid growing fears that the country could default on its debts.
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge against a strike by its pilots, which could lead to the cancellation of up to 1,000 flights from Germany on Tuesday.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted breaching the Environment Agency's code of conduct by allowing sewage to leak into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne has been "not quite such an austere Chancellor as either his own rhetoric or that of his critics might suggest", the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) has said.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege, with the club saying he will not be offered a new deal.
Liam Moriarty's British and Irish Lions training camp started with a bang on Monday.
Labour's Tristram Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the exams system in England's 14-19 education system, saying it is no longer delivering the skills needed for the labour market.
Workers at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland factories have been told to prepare for the possibility of job losses, with the company expected to announce up to 1,000 redundancies.
The government should set a new target for "world-beating" broadband speeds in the UK by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A body found in a river was actually a bronze sculpture by an artist, police have said, after a call to rescue a man believed to be dead was made by a member of the public who mistook it for a real person.
A man who was caught trying to meet a child for sex by a group of paedophiles who posed as a 14-year-old girl in an undercover operation has been jailed for six years.
Solihull maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a hard-fought victory at Bromley, despite playing for more than an hour with 10 men after being reduced to 10 men at the end of the game.
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in an extra 110,000 refugees in 2017 as part of a global effort to help those affected by the world's refugee crisis.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has said he will not be standing for election again and has taken up a new job with a liberal think-tank.
Archaeologists working at the Corn Exchange in Brighton have discovered what are thought to be the remains of up to 10 people buried at a Quaker burial ground in the city's past, it has been revealed.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle.
Only 13 people have applied for a government grant to help those affected by flooding in York last year, the BBC has learned.
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help others who have suffered similar injuries.
Dissident Cuban activists have been detained in the capital, Havana, after staging a protest against the government's treatment of human rights activists, reports say.
Scottish new car sales fell last month as the rest of the UK enjoyed a strong performance, according to the latest industry figures.
Police are hunting a gang of men who have been impersonating police officers in Glasgow city centre in an attempt to steal money from tourists.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada over the controversial CETA free trade deal, despite huge protests against the deal in Europe.
A chocolate artist has recreated the famous galleons of the Battle of Trafalgar in chocolate to mark the centenary of the battle of the decisive battle.
A man who suffered a "rare" cardiac arrest outside his home and had to be shocked 17 times by paramedics has been discharged from hospital.
Great Britain's Katherine Grainger won a silver medal in the women's double sculls at the World Rowing Cup in Rotterdam.
A BBC investigation has found no evidence that staff at the Kids Company charity were told about allegations of sexual abuse at a site run by the charity before it closed last week.
A dog who is so popular with shoppers at a supermarket that he has his own social media page has been asked to stop eating its own food.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a hard-fought victory over League One strugglers Swindon Town.
South Africa's new mayor of the city of Tshwane has scrapped the purchase of 10 new BMW cars bought by the governing party, saying they were "too expensive".
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour the current pension arrangements with its workers, the Unite union has said after talks with the firm's new owners.
A man in a wheelchair has blown up a device in a baggage claim area at Beijing International Airport, Chinese state media say, apparently in protest at being prevented from distributing leaflets.
One person has been taken to hospital after a fuel tanker overturned on the M4 in Cardiff, closing the westbound carriageway for more than an hour.
Jean-Marc Bosman may not be one of the most famous footballers in the world, but he is the man who brought football's transfer rules into the 21st Century by taking football's business model to court and winning a landmark ruling that changed the way the game was run.
An update is to be given on progress on plans for a £10m weather centre in Dumfriesshire, which will be the first of its kind in the UK, to be run by the Scottish government.
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management after hundreds of people were stuck in long queues to leave the theme park on Wednesday.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" to the way it cares for elderly and disabled residents after inspectors found a number of "serious concerns".
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed he's gay in a video for the first time, saying he's been "happy with who he is" since coming out to his fans and followers.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who stole jewellery and other items from her home, telling them they had made her "scared of the dark again".
A second teenager has been arrested in connection with a machete attack on shoppers at a shopping centre in south-east London on Saturday, police have said.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for the United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising, his first professional club since leaving the Premier League in 2015.
Chelsea have completed the signing of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona on a three-year deal.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from the 14th floor of a block of flats while trying to climb down from a balcony, his friends say.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should take time to decide whether she wants to continue her career, says her coach Michele Minichiello.
Will Miller's stoppage-time equaliser earned Burton Albion a draw at Wolves in their second Championship game of the season.
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun by a gang of men who broke into her Manchester home and threatened her and her unborn baby with the weapon, police have said.
Average footfall in town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen by 3% in the past year, according to the latest figures from the region's council.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is one of the world's newest and most remote countries, with its capital, Thimphu, the capital of the Dzongkha sect of Buddhism.
Shelley Kerr's appointment as the new Scotland women's head coach is a "fantastic step" for the game, according to Motherwell and Hibernian striker Lee Grant.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade, in a sign that it expects to raise rates at a faster pace in the coming months.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting in Flintshire to discuss plans to close a community hospital in the town.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from German club Schalke on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, reported to be £12m.
Mark Connolly scored the only goal of the game as Crawley beat Blackpool for the second time this season to move into the League Two play-off places.
The Wales Bill has been passed by AMs in the Senedd, despite Plaid Cymru and UKIP voting against it.
The BBC has been speaking to some of the people who have been involved in Egypt's social media revolution from inside and outside Tahrir Square in Cairo, where thousands of people have been protesting against President Hosni Mubarak's removal from power.
The Labour Party has won the Ayr East by-election following the resignation of the SNP MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock, BBC Scotland has learned.
An appeals court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven earthquake experts who were found guilty of misleading the public in a case that shocked the country's scientific community.
An anti-bacterial supplement that can boost the immune system has been found to be a potential new treatment for bacterial infections, a study suggests.
Northern Ireland's police and social services failed to properly investigate the extent of child sexual exploitation taking place in residential care homes, a report has found.
They are fast, really fast, and their attacks lightning speed, putting their Hollywood counterparts from World War Z and The Walking Dead to shame.
Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo have arrested singer Olomide, who was deported from Kenya after being accused of assaulting a female dancer at a concert in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, on Saturday.
Three inmates who have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Gloucestershire have been named by police as two men and a woman who have been convicted of rape and robbery.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
R&B star Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea to create a line of home goods for students.
Flights at Edinburgh Airport have been disrupted after a computer fault left passengers having to check in manually at the check-in desks and boarding screens.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was taken ill after taking what police have described as "potentially dangerous" ecstasy tablets.
The Burmese government has set up a commission of inquiry into the violence that erupted in June in the western state of Rakhine, killing more than 50 people.
An extra year of education can boost the income of a mobster by more than three times the amount of money they would have made if they had not gone to school, a study has found.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed England full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Salford Red Devils on a two-year contract.
Airbus' chief executive, Fabrice Bregier, has said the company would reconsider future investment in the UK if the UK voted to leave the European Union in the referendum on the country's membership of the EU.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the discovery of a new planet similar in size and shape to our own Earth.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after being involved in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc will retire from international football at the end of the season to focus on his family and club career, the Premier League club have announced.
Two buildings which are full of plants and trees are going to be built in China, to help clean up the air in the country.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's 10m platform at Rio 2016 after failing to reach the final of the Olympic Games for the first time in his career.
Olivier Sanchez scored a late winner as holders Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley and secure a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals for the third year in a row.
A report into the controversial sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published later this week, the Department of Finance has confirmed.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked, leading to a series of offensive messages being sent by the authority.
Amara Alhaji is a student from Sierra Leone who's studying in Norwich, but he's been told he can't stay in the UK because of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
The BBC has announced it is to extend its News at Ten, its flagship news programme, from Monday to Thursday in the New Year.
Rugby union is heading towards a "hire-and-fire" approach to head coaches, according to the Rugby Players' Association (RCA).
Former Leicester City defender Martin Keown says it is "almost out of order" for Craig Shakespeare to want to replace Claudio Ranieri as manager of the Premier League club.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have described an NHS trust's report into her death as "a load of psycho babble and twaddle".
Sony has announced that it is to resume vinyl record production for the first time in more than 30 years, ending a 30-year absence from the format.
The UK's only female polar bear has been taken off show at a wildlife park in the Highlands to see if she is pregnant with cubs.
Exposure to the UK summer sun several times a week is a "safe balance" between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, according to a group of leading experts.
The government has announced a "comprehensive" strategy to tackle extremism in the UK, including the cancellation of passports for children aged under 16 and the creation of a blacklist of people deemed to be extremists.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre for a rare muscle-wasting disease to be set up in Wales as part of a bid to secure more funding for research into the condition.
Work to repair a flood-damaged bridge which has been closed for more than a year is to start in July, with repairs expected to cost £4.5m, it has been announced.
Ricky Burns fought bravely to retain his WBC international light-welterweight title despite being knocked out in the eighth round by Mexican Andres Beltran at Glasgow's SSE Hydro on Saturday night.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic violence in the city, which has seen attacks on foreign-owned businesses.
A man has died after falling from a first-floor window and then falling down a second time, police have said.
A committee of MPs has launched an inquiry into the government's plans to change the rules on so-called "purdah" in the run-up to the referendum on the UK's membership of the EU.
A pensioner has become the first person in the UK to cash in his pension pot in the wake of the government's changes to the rules on taking money out of it.
An Iron Age "crannog" discovered on the site of an estate in Monmouthshire is thousands of years older than previously thought, it has been revealed.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn more than £150,000 a year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
It's the centenary of the start of one of the biggest battles in the history of World War One, and it's been 100 years since it started - but what happened to the British soldiers who fought in it?
The European Commission president has defended the UK's plan to introduce an "emergency brake" on benefits for new EU migrants, saying it is "fair to the UK and fair to the other 27 EU states".
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 12-year-old girl at a school has been given a two-year suspended prison sentence.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the chest in a fight outside a supermarket car park in West Sussex.
Republican presidential hopefuls clashed over taxes, immigration and the media in the second and final debate of the race for the party's presidential nomination in the US state of Colorado.
The body of a man whose body was found in a car in Birmingham has been confirmed as a missing music shop owner.
Ukraine's president has called for a "firm reaction" from the world to Russia's "brutal violation" of the Minsk peace agreement after pro-Russian rebels seized the strategic town of Debaltseve in eastern Ukraine.
The Rolling Stones have returned to the top of the US album chart with their second album, Revolution Radio, which has topped the chart for the second week in a row.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has left the Scottish Premiership club to take charge of League One side Bury until the end of the season.
The Turkish military has dismissed three more senior military officials in the wake of last month's failed coup, the interior ministry has said.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire, following the "horrific" blaze in London.
Mike Young, the creator of Welsh-language cartoon SuperTed, is planning a new series of the character, which he hopes will be made in Wales for the first time in more than 30 years, after selling his company to Disney in the US.
A bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims travelling to the holy city of Mecca has crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing at least 11 people, the country's state news agency Mena has said.
Gateshead pensioner John Barnes has said he is ready to move on with his life after he was attacked by a man who left him with a broken collarbone and a broken jaw.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of this week's Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after suffering a back injury in a fall at his home in Florida.
Exeter City earned their first win of the League Two season with a narrow victory over Cambridge United at St James' Park.
The "whole presence" of Rolls-Royce in Derby could be put at risk if the firm moves research and development overseas, a Unite union leader has said.
Bangladesh Cricket Board chairman Wasim Khan has criticised Cricket Australia for postponing the tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns, saying "50,000 people have been killed in Pakistan" since 2003.
Birds' immune system can fight off a deadly fungus that infects humans, according to scientists at the University of Sheffield and University of Birmingham.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning just minutes after take-off, an airline has said.
Scientists have reconstructed the complete nervous system of an extinct "great appendage" arthropod using 3D scanning technology.
A woman has appeared in court accused of covering up the death of a baby at a house in north-west London, following a police investigation into the disappearance of a child in 2004.
Traffic congestion around Stonehenge Bottom is a "nightmare" caused by the closure of a dual carriageway, a group of Shrewsbury residents has said.
A couple who have been married for 86 years in the UK may be on the verge of breaking the record for the longest married husband and wife in the country, according to their family.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder David Caddis about his future, BBC Radio Birmingham reports.
Australia pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he hopes his Ashes experience will help him return to his best in the second Test against England on Thursday.
Team Sky's Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Alberto Contador retained the leader's yellow jersey in a sprint finish to the penultimate stage in Pinerolo.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been vandalised in what police have described as a "pointless" attack.
Three people have been killed and more than 20 injured after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands on Sunday, officials say.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on the key issues that will decide the next general election, the leader of the party's general election campaign has said.
Seven fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of plans to save £1.3m over the next three years, the county council has said.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to weaken security systems on their mobile phones and tablets.
Drones should not be allowed to be used as weapons of war, according to Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt, the head of the tech giant's parent company, Alphabet.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe for maths and reading, according to a major study of international tests.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy's hopes of winning his first major ended with a disappointing third round at Augusta.
The UK is considering whether to carry out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, in response to a request from the Iraqi government for help in the fight against the group.
Two care workers have been given a 12-month community order for the "grossly negligent" neglect of an elderly woman who died after falling at a Birmingham nursing home.
The number of babies born addicted to a harmful substance in Yorkshire and the Humber in the past five years has fallen to its lowest level since records began, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway makers have apologised for making "mistakes" in a children's board game, which has been sold to fans of the ITV show.
Security has been stepped up in Berlin ahead of Saturday's Euro 2016 friendly between Germany and the Netherlands, with thousands of police officers and sniffer dogs in place ahead of the match.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of why reindeer avoid "shiny flashes" of light emitted by power lines, which they say could be damaging to wildlife around the world.
Imax, the owner of the world's largest cinema chain, is planning to list its shares in Hong Kong in a bid to raise up to $2bn (Â£1.8bn) by listing the company on the stock market.
A teenage driver who died in a crash with three friends and a pensioner in Powys had just passed his driving test a few days earlier, an inquest has heard.
A £50,000 sports car has been seized by police after it was spotted being driven by an 18-year-old learner driver in south-east London.
Scooter Gennett became the first Cincinnati Reds player to hit four home runs in a game for more than 20 years when he hit four in the Reds' 7-2 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing following an investigation into alleged corruption in the force.
Andy Murray made a winning return to action in his first match since giving birth to daughter Sophia as Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their Davis Cup semi-final first-round tie.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has praised Somalia's progress as he visited the capital, Mogadishu, saying the country is "turning around" after years of conflict and piracy.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca Ellison has died after a "short battle with cancer", the footballer has said.
A major search is under way for a teenager who has been missing from a beach on Dartmoor for more than 24 hours.
A man accused of stabbing a pensioner to death after a car crash had been wrongly diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Graham Westley has been sacked as manager of League One side Peterborough United after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.
The regulator Ofcom has announced details of the areas that will benefit from a new local TV network in England and Wales, which will be run by the BBC.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after his jet was involved in a collision with another aircraft, the RAF has said.
An Indian school textbook on vegetarianism contains "poisoning" content that refers to Eskimos as "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on "a diet largely of meat", the BBC has learned.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 16-year-old boy was killed when he was hit by a car at a petrol station in Oxfordshire.
Aberystwyth's Vale of Rheidol Steam Railway is one of the youngest in the UK to have its own steam engine workshop - and has recently been commissioned to create new wheels for the town's cliff railway which takes visitors up Constitution Hill.
Athletes in Russia went to great lengths to avoid drugs tests at national championships, including running away from the mixed zone after a race and using a container containing clean urine, a report says.
The BBC News website looks at some of the key stories of the week in the world of politics, as the UK and the rest of the world look ahead to the general election on 8 March.
A judge in Brazil has charged the head of President Dilma Rousseff's re-election campaign, Joao Santana, with corruption in the country's biggest corruption scandal.
An international police agency is asking the public to help track down nine suspected wildlife criminals who are wanted for their alleged involvement in a range of environmental crimes.
Markets in Asia fell sharply on Wednesday after a survey from China showed the country's manufacturing sector contracted at its fastest pace in more than three years in September.
Ulster have appointed French coach Jono Gibbes as their new head coach on a two-year contract from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party and "speak with one voice" against cuts made by the SNP.
Three climbers have been rescued from the summit of the highest mountain in the Western Isles after getting into difficulty in high winds on Tuesday night.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for China's ChemChina to buy Swiss pesticides and seeds giant Syngenta, paving the way for the deal to be completed by the end of the year.
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a knife attack in central Stockholm on Tuesday, in which a woman was stabbed and another was stabbed in the leg.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to move up to third in the Championship with a fourth win in a row.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Millwall defender David Pidgeley on a deal until the end of the season.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to become relevant again, according to the party's former donor Arron Banks, who has offered to become its new chairman.
The summer transfer window closed in Scotland at the end of last month and, for the second year in a row, the focus of the Scottish Premiership's top six clubs was not so much on signing new players as on securing a place in the top six for next season.
Marta Guillermo is not one of the many Venezuelans who spends most of her waking hours looking for work.
A man has been taken to hospital after the car he was driving crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed on-loan Leicester City left-back Luke Davis on a permanent deal.
Great Britain's David Grabarz won a silver medal in the men's heptathlon at the World Championships for the first time since May 2014, despite failing to clear 1.80m on his return to training after a knee operation.
Celtic became the first side to complete a domestic treble since 2001 as Tom Rogic's injury-time winner saw off Aberdeen at Hampden to win the Scottish Cup for the fourth time in five years.
League Two side Colchester United have signed midfielder Alex Kettings on a one-year contract.
Five men accused of being involved in the 9/11 attacks, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, have appeared before a US military court for the first time since the attacks.
Pop star Beyonce has been shortlisted for three Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist for the first time in the ceremony's history.
Plans to build a new football stadium in Cornwall will be given the go-ahead if extra money is found to pay for it, the prime minister has said.
Wayne Rooney is close to agreeing a new contract with Manchester United and is considering a move to Chelsea, reports BBC Radio Solent.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Adam Matthews on loan until the end of the season.
A World War Two Spitfire has failed to sell at auction for the first time since it was built more than 70 years ago.
Two major energy engineering firms have announced plans to create more than 1,700 new jobs in Scotland, including hundreds of jobs in the offshore wind industry.
Two hens have hatched chicks in a nest next to an animatronic wild boar at a museum in Somerset.
The government's immigration cap is having "no effect" on bringing down net migration and could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter, a committee of MPs has said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the wake of a planned rise in car insurance premium tax, after it reported a rise in business of 0.5% in the six months to the end of January, compared with the same period last year.
Footballer Joe Allen spends his spare time caring for birds, while Petr Cech is a drummer on his drum kit and Stephen Hibbert is an Angling Times cover star - so who are the other Premier League footballers using their spare time to help animals?
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with Pope Francis and the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches about changing the date of Easter to a fixed date.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto capital of so-called Islamic State (IS), activists and the Russian defence ministry say.
For years it has been known as "Land Rover Town" because of the number of Range Rovers and Land Rovers that line the streets of the town that is home to one of the UK's biggest car manufacturing plants.
Scunthorpe United have signed Shrewsbury Town left-back Luke Caton on loan until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has refused to reinstate President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries, despite his angry response to the ruling.
Plans to scrap plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers in Huddersfield have been shelved, despite a protest by campaigners.
Kieran Lee's second-half equaliser rescued a point for Sheffield Wednesday as they drew with Burnley at Hillsborough.
Bakery chain Greggs has reported a rise in sales and profits for the third quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance from its meal deals.
Great Britain's Joachim Jung won Olympic gold in the individual eventing event on the second day of the Rio Games as he took the gold medal in the dressage for the first time since the death of France's Christian Fischertakinou.
Local communities in the UK are to be offered the chance to buy shares in renewable energy businesses under a new government plan to boost community ownership of energy projects.
A 47-year-old man has been charged in connection with the shooting of three cats in Surrey.
The Prince of Wales' Duchy of Cornwall has said there is "no simple solution" to a problem at a beach where a body was pulled from the sea after a man died last month.
When you look at the foetuses of a humpback whale, you can't help but notice how similar they are to the animals we know today.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England, as expected, but the central bank said it might cut them again in the coming months.
China has reacted angrily to an international tribunal's ruling that it has the right to claim most of the South China Sea, with state media saying the ruling is "illegal and invalid" and hinting at possible negotiations with the Philippines.
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years and the Federal Reserve kept interest rates at a record low.
David Warner's maiden Test century helped Australia draw the third Test against the West Indies with a draw after rain washed out the final day of the match.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf in Germany after two levees along the Danube river broke, officials say, as severe flooding continues to batter the country.
A 25-year-old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being seriously assaulted in Caernarfon, Gwynedd, police have said.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon after a "large and unpredictable" street party in south-east London, police have said.
Cricket and Nigeria may seem an incongruous pairing, but in Lagos many a weekend players in their colourful kit take to the crease on a dusty pitch in a fiercely competitive cricket league that has helped raise the profile of the game in the Nigerian capital.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than previously expected, the Bank of England's chief economist has said.
Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's biggest contract electronics maker, has reported a 15% rise in quarterly profits, helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPad mini.
A 600-year-old pilgrimage to the shrine of St Winefride's Well in Holywell, Shropshire, is being re-enacted to mark the 600th anniversary of King Henry V's visit to the town in 1416.
When Lewis Hamilton takes to the track at Interlagos in Brazil this weekend, he will be the first Formula 1 driver to win a grand prix at the venue where he was born and raised, and the first to complete a career Grand Prix victory there.
A former university lecturer has been cleared of raping a student who took her own life after the case against him was dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
Up to 1,000 jobs are to go at a chemical plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff after it was announced that production will be moved to the Netherlands.
Camelot, the mythical home of King Arthur, has been the subject of much speculation over the years, with the location of the round table believed to have been one of the most well-known landmarks in the Arthurian legend.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring his first Premier League goal of the season, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri.
Could the Conservative Party be heading towards a collision with the " iceberg" of Euroscepticism that lies beneath the surface of its backbench support for leaving the European Union?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising tax cuts for the wealthy while putting parents and social workers in the "firing line" of cuts to public spending.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a "disturbance" involving a group of children and adults.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time in their history and complete a T20 double in India.
UKIP AM Neil Gill has said he would give up one of his two roles as an AM and an MEP if asked by the party's new leader Paul Nuttall, but only if it was for a "purpose".
A charity which runs the school where Benefits Street was filmed has offered advice on what to do if you get unwanted advances from TV producers.
The Prison Officers' Association (POA) and the government have agreed a deal to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the union has said.
A man has written to the National Trust asking for help to find the photographer who took the last known photograph of his wife, who died three months after it was taken.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of so-called "whitening creams" in the country, citing health concerns, the country's pharmaceutical authority has said in a statement.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit, with both parties accusing each other of "grandstanding" after their attempts to cobble together a cross-party group to defeat the government fell through.
At least 1,306 members of so-called Islamic State (IS) have been killed in UK air strikes against the group in Iraq and Syria since the start of last year, the government has said.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into Norwich International Airport's website to see if he could gain access to the passenger information system, but said he was not trying to cause any harm.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been given the go-ahead after the preferred location was found to be on the site of a former sports college and college campus.
A third man has been found guilty of murdering and burying a man's body in an outhouse in a "shocking" case involving hammer blows to the head.
"None of the computers or machines worked except for the MRIs [magnetic resonance imaging]," recalled Mykhailo Radutskyi, president of the Boris Clinic - Kiev's largest medical clinic - after its IT system was hit by the NotPetya cyber-attack last month.
Wasps moved to within four points of Premiership leaders Saracens with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at the Ricoh Arena.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a crash between a bus and a lorry in Edinburgh.
A British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has returned to the UK after his murder trial was thrown out by a judge in Cape Town.
The company behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire has said up to half of the Â£50m it plans to spend on the project could be spent in the county.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency has been sacked after he and his daughter were caught up in a high-profile row over a restaurant, President Enrique Pena Nieto has announced.
Downing Street has said it hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two RAF Spitfire fighter planes that have been missing in Burma for 70 years.
A man and a woman have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons National Park after getting into difficulty at Nant Peris in Snowdonia.
The government has temporarily suspended its controversial fast-track system for asylum seekers who are detained while they wait for their hearings.
For all that it may sound attractive to the Scots, Welsh and Northern Irish to have greater control over their own tax and spending, what if at the same time it means that the rest of the UK becomes poorer?
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager who was stabbed to death in 2010 has gone on the run, police have said.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a burnt-out car more than a year after he went missing have been released on bail.
Fife-based office refurbishments firm Havelock Europa is to invest £1.5m in a new marketing campaign aimed at attracting new clients and expanding its global business.
It was a tough time for the founders of BrewDog, one of the UK's fastest-growing and best-known craft breweries, but they had no idea that their bold, fruity, and often controversial beers would go on to become a global success.
Sterling has fallen for a third day in a row as uncertainty over the outcome of the UK's EU referendum continued to rattle markets.
A former TV producer who was jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British man who was killed fighting against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony in the Kurdish-controlled north of the country.
A US appeals court has upheld the legality of the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of phone records, after a legal challenge to the programme was dismissed by a lower court.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed West Bromwich Albion defender Martin Lindegaard on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months.
Two of the last 100 dogs seized by police in Devon and Cornwall have been kept in kennels without human contact, the BBC has learned.
Chuka Umunna has told the BBC there is "no glory in opposition" for Labour and the party will "betray its people" if it does not win power in the next election.
A Denbighshire man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the Mediterranean Sea, an inquest has heard.
A court in Iraq has sentenced 20 men to death for their part in the killing of more than 100 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Tikrit in 2014.
Surfcasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online sports retailer Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum in a deal that will see the Surrey-based firm double its size.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after a weather-affected second round that was cut short by bad weather.
Stuart Ambrose scored twice as Colchester United came from behind to beat Bradford City and secure their first League One win of the season.
Two Neolithic huts, dating from 4,500 years ago, have been put on display at Stonehenge as part of a project to "get a sense of what life was like" for the people who lived in the area at the time.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the US to demand President Donald Trump release his tax returns as part of a "showusyourtaxes" protest in Washington DC and in Berkeley, California.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexican Andres Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in December, the sport's world governing body has confirmed.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy?
Dylan Hartley will not be prevented from becoming England captain despite serving a two-match ban for his red card at the Rugby World Cup, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student who was jailed in North Korea for more than 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma for almost all of the time he was there.
"The world's biggest fight is coming to Las Vegas" is the slogan of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, the world's largest mixed martial arts (UFC) organisation, which has its headquarters on the city's famous Las Vegas strip.
A Mexican man has been charged with the 2010 murder of a US Border Patrol agent who was shot dead during a gun-running sting operation in Arizona.
The White House has condemned a series of bomb threats made to Jewish community centres in the US state of Missouri on Monday, the latest in a spate of similar incidents in recent weeks.
It is easy to look at England's victory over Italy at Twickenham on Saturday and say: this was a great win, a terrific win, an emphatic victory, a match that will live on in the minds of many for years to come.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced that it will open up its driverless car technology to the rest of the world, in a move that could see it become a major supplier to carmakers.
Rail passengers are being advised not to travel unless "absolutely necessary" in the run-up to a Network Rail strike, which is expected to cause widespread disruption.
Police in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man suspected of raping a nun at a convent in the state's Ranaghat town in March.
Texas lawmakers have proposed a resolution to ban the use of the Chilean flag as an emoji to refer to the Lone Star state's official state flag, a spokesman for the Texas House of Representatives has said.
The Premier League has agreed a new three-year deal with US broadcaster NBC to broadcast Premier League matches in the United States from 2016-17 to 2021-22, the latest stage of its multi-billion-pound overseas rights deal.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed as part of a £1.5m project to replace more than 1,000 water pipes.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara over what it says was a violation of its airspace by a Russian warplane.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Howley says his side are "getting there" in their bid to finish in the Premiership's top six for the first time in four years.
League One side Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough defender Michael Doughty until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
Belgian cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned for six months after being found to have used a hidden motor in her bike.
UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor has arrived in Las Vegas for the weigh-in for his fight against Floyd Mayweather on Saturday night - and it is not just his usual routine which has been disrupted by the build-up to the event.
England fly-half George Ford is set to replace Owen Farrell in the starting line-up for Saturday's second Test against Australia in Sydney, with Sam Warburton set to start at scrum-half.
A schoolgirl from Stranraer has launched a campaign to ensure a life-extending drug for a rare genetic condition is made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Lichfield Ladies have said they "deserve" to be included in the Rugby Football Union's new Women's Super Rugby competition, despite being left out of the first season of the new competition.
The Football Association stands by its decision not to call up some of England's best players for the Under-21 World Cup despite their failure to reach the quarter-finals, says performance director Colin Ashworth.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said that trade will be a top priority for his administration and that he wants to negotiate a new trade deal with the UK and other nations to help create jobs and boost the US economy.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby girl has said it was "one of the most rewarding" days of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is "very positive" Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club beyond the end of the season despite interest from other clubs.
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang raped and sexually assaulted by a group of men has been jailed for five years.
A man who raped a 14-year-old girl and sexually abused two other girls over a five-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Firefighters are still at the scene of a fire at an industrial estate in Stranraer in Dumfries and Galloway after a lorry overturned on the A74(M) at the weekend.
At least 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain caused flash flooding in the early hours of Friday morning, the fire service has said.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Mexico last September could not have been burned at a landfill site, according to a report by a regional human rights body.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia as part of a UK military commitment to UN peacekeeping missions, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A five-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle was blown away by a gust of wind has been admitted to hospital for surgery.
US striker Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football at the end of the 2017 Women's World Cup.
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding compared with other developed countries, according to a study of more than 100,000 women in Senegal, Senegal, Brazil and Senegal.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African scrum-half Alex Kebble from Pro12 side the Stormers for next season.
Widnes Vikings head coach Darren Betts says his side have not lost momentum despite their recent poor run of form in Super League, despite slipping down the table.
Kensington Palace has said "any suggestion of impropriety with under-age minors" by Prince Andrew is "categorically untrue", after a woman who claims she was forced to have sex with him was named in a court document.
Krystian Pearce rescued a point for Mansfield with a late equaliser as they drew at home to York in League Two.
Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and grievous bodily harm after a man was found with serious head injuries following an assault in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of coercing a woman into having sex with a stranger.
Sheffield Wednesday have completed the signing of Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season from Championship rivals Huddersfield Town.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived on the site of a West Sussex school destroyed in a fire last month, the head teacher has said.
Wales wing George North should return to Wales and play in the regions, says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Gareth Davies.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached her first WTA final of the year with a straight-set victory over third seed Simona Halep at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
A man who was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men at his home in County Londonderry has said he feared for the safety of his two children who witnessed the attack.
Work has begun on a major revamp of a Denbighshire leisure centre which closed last year after it was taken over by a private company.
The number of suspected cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in West Yorkshire has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to police figures.
The driver of a pick-up truck has been arrested in connection with the deaths of at least eight people who were found locked inside a trailer in temperatures of up to 40C (104F), US officials say.
Anorexia nervosa is a serious mental illness that affects people of all sizes, but it's particularly dangerous for young girls, according to BodyPositive, a campaign group set up by and for women who have suffered from the illness.
Travellers from the first generation of the Windrush generation who came to Britain in the 1940s have been shown off their belongings at a museum in Nottingham ahead of the city's carnival.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle has accused BBC director general John Whittingdale of behaving as if he were running the BBC, amid reports the government is planning to force the corporation to defend its scheduling.
An investigation has been launched after a woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) was told she could not get a taxi to a concert and had to walk the short distance to the venue.
The European Space Agency (Esa) says its comet lander, Philae, has made contact with Earth for the first time since going into hibernation last year.
A police officer who was called to an incident in Glasgow city centre was given a standing ovation when he took to the karaoke stage to sing Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band in the pub where he was working.
Worcestershire paceman Rilee Viljoen took five wickets to help his side to a seven-wicket win over Leicestershire in the One-Day Cup at Chester-le-Street.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not engage in "normal politics" if the government does not take action to resolve the crisis at Stormont.
Northamptonshire seamer James Buck took 4-36 to help his side take control against Durham on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Chester-le-Street.
Police investigating the disappearance of an Inverclyde woman who has been missing for more than a month have launched a fresh appeal for information.
A charity that helps people with facial disfigurements says adverts for a conference call service are "disturbing" because they show people wearing "horrifying" masks.
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton came from behind to beat Sheffield United and reach the League One play-off semi-finals of the EFL Cup.
French mosques have opened their doors to the public for the first time in a year as part of an initiative aimed at uniting Muslims and non-Muslims.
UK and Scottish fishermen have been given an extra 5,000 tonnes of fish to catch in 2015 as part of a deal between the European Union and Norway to boost North Sea stocks.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed into a field in Birmingham has been found safe and well after walking to a pub for a drink, the manager of a pub where the couple went after the crash has said.
For more than a century and a half, the Swansea Canal was one of the world's most important waterways, carrying hundreds of thousands of tonnes of coal, iron and steel each year to the industrial heartland of Swansea.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be fit for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday after returning to full training on Monday.
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants in a bid to crack down on "unscrupulous landlords", the government has announced.
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and Health Minister Jan Teeven have resigned over a row over a payment made to a convicted drug trafficker in the 1990s, saying they were misled by the justice minister.
Stuart Swankie scored a stoppage-time winner as Forfar Athletic came from behind to beat Cowdenbeath 2-1 and go top of Scottish League Two.
Plans to build more than 100 homes in the village of Carrbridge in Aviemore have been refused by Highland Council.
A norovirus outbreak has been reported at a Cardiff hospital, prompting a health board to ask people not to visit patients who are already unwell to stay away.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at whether China's Xi Jinping and his style of leadership are eroding the country's freedom of speech and whether it is time for a return to the Maoist Red Guards of the 1970s.
For decades, crocodile farmers in Australia have been gathering wild eggs from the animals' nests in remote parts of the country to sell as crocodile skin, but the practice has come under fire from both sides of the debate over whether or not it should be legal.
A fleet of gritters in Gloucestershire has been taken out of service for maintenance for the first time in more than a year as the county council prepares for winter.
Meet the robots of the future and find out how they're changing the way we work, play and live with them in our new series, Robots of the Future, on BBC Radio 5 live on Monday at 19:00 BST on BBC One and 5 live sports extra.
A former friend of the couple convicted of murdering Liam Fee has said they "don't even deserve a place in prison" after they were jailed for life for the boy's murder.
Plans have been submitted for a new £100m power-generating plant at a Norfolk paper mill to generate electricity and steam.
Thousands of migrants and refugees in the Calais camp known as "Jungle" have been moved out of the area where they have been living since last week, French officials say.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" in the Gaza conflict, saying Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from the territory within the next few days.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans to reduce the number of local authorities in Wales from eight to six have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (Â£50bn) in cash and stock in a deal that would create the country's biggest cable company.
A man who was sexually abused as a child at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's inquiry into child abuse, saying it is "yet another announcement of yet another inquiry and yet another process".
Poland has said it will not allow a group of Russian bikers, dubbed the "Kremlin's Hells Angels", to enter the country, amid a row over their planned trip to celebrate Victory Day.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has stepped down as Test captain after the second Test against England ended in a draw, ending a run of three defeats in a row.
Australia's economy grew by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, beating expectations, according to official figures, but remains "well below potential", an economist has said.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most famous birds of prey and is a familiar sight at birdwatchers' nests across the country.
Mexican Sergio Perez has decided to stay with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season after agreeing a two-year deal with the team.
A London council has dropped its legal bid to force a mother to attend school after she refused to comply with a compulsory attendance order, the BBC has learned.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Nedbank Challenge in Sweden.
Victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales are calling for a clinic to be set up in Cardiff to provide medical and psychological support.
Scientists in the US have discovered a new class of plastic that can be recycled and used to make new materials, thanks to a " fortuitous" mix-up of ingredients.
The UK has failed to find a Google or Facebook in the tech sector because of a lack of long-term support for start-ups, according to Steve Woodford, chief executive and co-founder of London-based start-up firm Dimension Therapeutics.
The first new gin distillery to open in the Scottish Borders in nearly 200 years has opened in the Teviot Valley.
One of Nottingham's most historic buildings, destroyed in a fire last month, was once home to one of the city's most famous cigarette firms.
For more than a century men have enjoyed a significant advantage over women when it comes to life expectancy - and the gap has continued to widen over the past century.
A man has been charged in the US state of Michigan for allegedly forcing a student with a severe peanut allergy to eat peanut butter as part of a fraternity initiation ritual.
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off part of its highest mountain to give it to Finland to mark the country's independence from Russia, because it would have been too small to be visible on a map.
Growth in the Scottish economy is likely to slow further this year, according to a new report, as the impact of the low oil price continues to have an impact on investment plans.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife "convinced" him to take up the post after he was asked by President Donald Trump to be his secretary of state.
A football club has appealed for the identity of a bride-to-be who posed for a photo with its players after their coach was stuck in a motorway traffic jam following the collapse of a bridge over the M20.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences after being arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion that he was travelling to Syria to carry out an act of terrorism, police have said.
A campaign has been launched to raise money for sculptures to be erected at the National Memorial Arboretum in memory of soldiers who served in the Devonshire, Dorset and Somerset regiments.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader in Myanmar (also known as Burma), made an impassioned speech at a conference in Yangon earlier this month about the state of political reform in the country.
A man who was caught on CCTV trying to rob a convenience store could be seen in the store's CCTV system because of his "very distinctive" hair, a court has heard.
There is a "pattern of behaviour" in the police service in England and Wales where black and ethnic minority officers are treated unfairly, the National Police Chiefs' Association (NBPA) has told the BBC's File on 4 programme.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins found by a metal detectorist in County Tyrone have been declared treasure at an inquest in Banbridge.
The mother of a 15-year-old girl who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Northumberland coast has issued a warning about the dangers of water after her daughter was rescued.
A British man is to be charged with causing the death of his British girlfriend in a scooter crash in Thailand, Thai police have said.
A woman who admitted killing a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack after being wined and dined by him has been jailed for a minimum of 20 years.
As Philip Hammond prepares to deliver his Budget on Wednesday, there is one Tigger in Number 11 who is not happy about the economic outlook.
Manchester United have named England defender Ashley Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has told MSPs at Holyrood: "There is no greater honour in public life than to be a member of this parliament, and there isno greater task than to mould the public purpose of Scotland."
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted their computer systems and demanded a ransom to unlock them, the BBC has learned.
We're BodyPositive and we want you to join us as we celebrate the next six months and help us bring you the very best in the world of health & fitness, wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty to inspire you to enjoy this next year exactly the way you want.
Sepp Blatter should step down as president of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said, calling for the "ugly side of the beautiful game" to be removed from the organisation.
A restaurant owner in southern Spain has told of a "stampede" in which a group of up to 30 people left a restaurant in the Canary Islands in a row over a reservation.
The number of livestock worrying incidents reported to police in Scotland has risen by more than 50% following a campaign to encourage farmers to report the crime, police have said.
Frenchman Esteban Ocon will join Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season, the team have announced.
A care home for older people and adults with learning disabilities in Gloucestershire has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors, with some residents being treated like "objects".
If you're out walking your dog and you're trying to tell them what to do, it's easy to forget that you're talking to them in a different language.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a rival drug dealer who was stabbed to death in a turf war in a Denbighshire car park in an act of revenge.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been given a three-game touchline ban after being found guilty of violent conduct by a Football Association disciplinary panel.
National League side Tranmere Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season, with an option to sign him on a permanent deal.
Bristol City maintained their 100% start to the Championship season with a convincing victory over Cardiff City at Ashton Gate.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries to put Middlesex in a strong position against Hampshire on day two of their County Championship match at Lord's.
The mother of a baby with an allergy to cow's milk has spoken of her anger at plans to stop giving out NHS prescriptions for specialist formula in south-east London.
Every owner of a touchscreen gadget has experienced the sight of those smudges on the screen, the ones that look like they have been smeared with dirt and grime.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who is waiting to find a match for a life-saving transplant.
An Australian toddler who was born with an extra leg in her pelvis has undergone "daunting" surgery in Melbourne that will allow her to return home to Bangladesh to live with her mother.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a retirement home in Fife.
National League side Grimsby Town have re-signed left-back Mark Cooper on a one-year contract after he turned down a new deal with fellow League Two side Gateshead.
It is the time of year when thousands of people descend on Aintree for the annual Ladies' Day festival, a chance for women to strut their stuff in their finery and show off their fashion sense to the world.
The death of a woman who died after being refused admission to a specialist neurosurgery unit at Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital could happen again unless action is taken, a coroner has warned.
Niall Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) at its annual congress in Dublin on Saturday.
Former England batsman Michael Vaughan has retired from international cricket at the age of 40 after a career-long spell as a fast bowler with the county side Gloucestershire, and is now a director of cricket at Nottinghamshire.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed speculation linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers as "waste of time".
Michael van Gerwen won the PDC World Darts Championship for the second time in three years with a 7-5 victory over Mark Wright in the final at Alexandra Palace in London.
If you want to know what the political parties in Northern Ireland are thinking about the forthcoming EU referendum, ask them what they think about the prospect of the UK leaving the European Union and you will get a pretty good idea.
Scott Greer has not ruled out playing for Scotland again next season but is open to a move to a Championship club if he is not offered a new deal.
Defence is one of the most important issues in the UK's political life, and one of its most important economic and security issues.
Lord Avebury, a Liberal Democrat peer and former MP, has died at the age of 83.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession, according to the latest official figures.
Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of behaving "irresponsibly" and " recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign and said he is "very surprised" he could lead the Conservative Party one day.
Police have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault in a Glasgow nightclub last year.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against planned cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire, with Prime Minister David Cameron invited to join them.
Crystal Palace secured their first Premier League win of the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Goodison Park for the first time in four games.
Teachers in England and Wales received more than £16m in compensation last year for personal injuries, according to the latest figures from the NASUWT union.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a major trade deal being negotiated between the US and the European Union (EU) and the US, and it's one of President Obama's top foreign policy priorities.
Bristol director of rugby Dean Robinson says the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach has "kicked us quite hard" in the head.
German exports and factory production fell in November, adding to a raft of disappointing economic data that has cast further doubt on the country's economic recovery.
A British Red Cross volunteer who was part of the team that treated the victims of the Shoreham air disaster has been awarded a knighthood in the New Year Honours for his work at the event.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should be "stronger" in tackling corporate governance failings, the former chairman of the Cadbury code, Lord Myners, has told the BBC.
A statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by TV illusionist Uri Geller in Shropshire.
In March 2017, Vladimir Putin and France's far-right National Front leader, Marine Le Pen, met for the first time.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships over the next five years if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it will strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels "to ensure the group's substantial businesses within the European Union continue to be represented appropriately" following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A man who boasted on social media about raping a baby and sexually abusing children has been jailed for a string of child sex offences.
A police officer has been disciplined after an officer made a mistake in a search of a man's home and arrested the wrong man, the Police Ombudsman has said.
Serena Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their fourth WTA title of the year with victory at the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were "not good enough" to win the World Cup after they were beaten by South Africa in their final game of the tournament in Paris.
Gatwick Airport has said it will "take on the main risks" of building a second runway at the south-east of England's busiest airport if it wins approval for an expansion plan.
Carlisle United have signed Portuguese winger Pedro on a one-year deal after he impressed in pre-season friendlies with the League One club.
Boris Johnson's political career has been a roller-coaster ride of highs and lows, from the high-profile roles of mayor of London, Conservative MP, foreign secretary and foreign secretary to MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip and now prime minister-in-waiting.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent move if the Shakers are relegated from League One.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for indecency after stripping off in public at a popular tourist destination has left the country.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, but is it a good place to invest in for the medium or long term, asks the BBC's Yolande Knell in Addis Ababa, as she looks at the potential for investment in the country.
In a small room on the outskirts of the Turkish border town of Suruc, a group of mothers and fathers are sitting in tears.
A second break-in at Lincoln's Bomber Command Centre has been linked to the theft of a flagpole from the attraction, which is due to open later this year.
League Two side Northampton Town have been placed into administration by the Football Association after their administration petition against the club was dismissed on Friday.
Shares of two Hong Kong-based financial services firms have seen their value fall sharply following a sharp sell-off in the past two days.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench in the wake of his reshuffle, the party has confirmed.
It has been a year since the average price of a season ticket in the Premier League fell below the £30 mark for the first time, and the Football League says it has frozen or reduced the price of more than 70% of season tickets this year.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja and his wife have been fined for taking selfies with endangered Asiatic lions in a national park, officials say, after the photos were posted on social media.
A man has died in prison after being charged with the attempted murder of two schoolboys who were attacked in Hampshire.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on TV is at its highest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
Nick Clegg's office has accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of raiding £400m from the government's Basic Need Budget to fund free schools in England, the BBC has learned.
The candidates have been announced in the Tower Hamlets mayoral election, which will be held on 7 May.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park is one of the most famous sports stadiums in the world, home to some of the world's best handball players, and one of Britain's best-loved sports.
Castleford Tigers back-rower Ryan Chase says he is in the "best shape he has ever been" as he prepares to return to the Super League club for the first time since 2013.
Great Britain's Wayne Rooney says he would love to receive his Beijing 2008 Olympic gold medal at next month's Diamond League Anniversary Games in London, but is unsure when it will be presented.
Scientists say they have discovered a gene that could explain why some people are more likely to enjoy coffee than others and why others are less inclined to drink it.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been invited to succeed his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, after he delayed taking the throne for more than a year, officials say.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has ruled himself out of the race to become the next leader of the party, the party has confirmed.
First Minister Carwyn Jones says she hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her young son when she returns to Cardiff to present The One Show for the first time since having a baby.
A Catholic bishop in the Church of Ireland has said he supports same-sex marriage, saying the church is "not up to pace" with society at large.
The body of a man has been found at a house in Oxford, police have said.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to export a coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan to help it build a plant in the country.
It looks like the new Ghostbusters movie could be the start of a whole new series of films, TV shows, merchandise and even a TV series.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned of delays and cancellations due to improvements being carried out at two railway stations in south Wales.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Spain's Catalonia region to call for independence from the rest of the country.
Prince Harry has shared some photos from his visit to a children's home in South Africa, where he was given a Christmas hat and balloons.
Taxi booking apps such as Uber and GrabTaxi have been banned in Singapore under new rules aimed at cracking down on the growing number of people using them to book taxis.
Chris Woakes will replace James Anderson as England's pace bowler for the first Test against South Africa, which starts in Johannesburg on Thursday.
It's been more than a year since a police dog was shot in the head with a crossbow and left with life-changing injuries.
A man and a woman have died following a fire at a house in Aberdeenshire, the fire service has said.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in the US city of Minneapolis in which a black man was shot dead by police last week.
Lesotho's Prime Minister Thomas Thabane has said he will not return to the country after the army staged a coup, accusing it of removing him from power in an "illegal" move.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a second break-in at his Cardiff home in less than a year.
Campaigners fighting the building of electricity pylons in the Lake District are taking part in a walk through the National Park to highlight the impact they say they would have on the landscape.
Photographs by Raul Roman and Lonnie Schlein, as part of a project by UBELONG, a group of North Vietnamese veterans who fought in the Vietnam War, have been released to mark the 20th anniversary of the normalisation of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
A curfew imposed in the US city of Baltimore following the death of a black man in police custody has been lifted after the mayor said it was "not necessary" to keep it in place for a second day.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen left-back Lee Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious injury to midfielder Martin Bendtner in the process.
Lancashire's Alviro Petersen hit his 41st first-class century to put his side in a strong position on day one of their County Championship match against Warwickshire at Lord's.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the release of hacked emails from Donald Trump's campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski.
David Cameron has said he has a "deep, considered, steadfast belief" that leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake" for the UK, as he urged voters to stay in the EU.
Lord Coe has been elected president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) - the sport's world governing body - after a career spanning more than 30 years.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Bristol Rovers left-back Omar Khamdjo on a one-year deal after his contract with the National League club was cancelled by mutual consent.
Sunderland have terminated the contract of defender Emmanuel Eboue after he was given a four-month ban by Fifa for failing to pay a fee owed to an agent.
A neighbour has told the trial of two men accused of throwing sulphuric acid in the face of the Daily Record editor of the newspaper that he tried to wash the acid off his face before ambulance staff arrived.
Vauxhall has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate a problem with one of its Zafira models, which has caused some cars to burst into flames.
As the race for the Republican and Democratic parties' presidential nominations enters its final days, Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are complaining that the process is "rigged" and "crooked" - but are they right?
If you want to be a Jedi Knight in the Star Wars galaxy, then you might want to consider taking up lightsabers - or at least learning to fight with one.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in Dorset.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil and gas drilling in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska.
A 25-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room in January.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius, known as the "blade runner", has been charged with murder after a woman was found shot dead at his home in the capital, Pretoria.
Turkey is widely blocking access to the Tor network, a monitoring group has said, as part of a crackdown on internet freedom in the country.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Fazio has left the Premier League club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
When New Zealand hosted the 2002 Rugby World Cup, it was the first major international sporting event to be held in Japan since the country's football team won the World Cup for the first time in 1947.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a fresh attempt to seize control of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, one of the world's most important ancient sites, Syrian state media report.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over with the word "left" instead of "right" after contractors spelled it "right".
Former Bath and Leicester head coach Bruce Guscott was the director of rugby at The Rec in the 1980s and '90s, when the Tigers were the dominant English club and the West Country side were the second-biggest in the Premiership.
A "tax on work" charge for parking at work has come into force in Nottingham, with many employers passing on the cost to their staff.
Former Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren says he "compromised too much" during his time in charge of the club, and hopes Rafael Benitez will be given greater control by the club's new owners.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision not to join the England Under-21 squad for the Under-20 World Cup, as he prepares to play in the Scottish Cup final.
Plans have been drawn up to transform one of Wales' most iconic buildings into a "world-class" postgraduate centre.
Voters will be required to show a photo ID to cast their ballots under plans to tackle electoral fraud, the government has announced.
Nottinghamshire batsman Sean Mullaney hit a century to help his side post a big first-innings total against Surrey on day one of their One-Day Cup match at The Oval.
The family of a terminally ill man who died at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said he was "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him in the last few weeks of his life".
A petition calling on the Welsh assembly to introduce a road safety campaign for horses has been handed in to the assembly after a series of rides across Wales.
A book about the life and death of a Welsh Guardsman killed in Afghanistan has won this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
The National Deaf Children's Society has said it is "deeply concerned" by government plans to cut funding for disabled students' specialist support.
A writer has said he was forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after being asked to remove "censored" place names from his stall.
Ireland flanker CJ Stander insists there will be no extra protection for Conor Murray against Glasgow Warriors in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield, insisting the scrum-half is "a big man" who can handle the pressure.
A large-scale trial to see if losing weight after breast cancer diagnosis could reduce the risk of the disease returning is to be launched at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) conference in Chicago.
Germany will face Portugal in the Confederations Cup final after Leon Goretzka scored a hat-trick in their semi-final win over Mexico in St Petersburg.
Eddie Izzard has completed a gruelling challenge to run 27 marathons in 27 consecutive days in South Africa to raise money for charity.
Norwich City boss Alex Neil says his side "deserved" their 1-0 win over Barnsley on Saturday, despite hitting the woodwork a number of times in the game.
Crotone avoided relegation from Serie A by beating 10-man Lazio, who had Mario Bastos sent off, to secure their place in the second round of the Coppa Italia for the first time in the club's history.
Hugh Grant is set to star in Guy Ritchie's film version of The Man From U.N.C.L.E, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy grew at an annual rate of 0.5% in the second quarter of 2015, according to official figures, the slowest growth rate since the first quarter of 2014.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in the energy and financial sectors, as investors digested the latest batch of executive actions from the Trump administration.
Nicholas Winton, who has died at the age of 105, was one of the last surviving members of the Kindertransport team, a group of British volunteers who rescued hundreds of Jewish children from Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia before World War Two.
A record number of prisoners escaped from prisons in England and Wales in 2016-17 - up by two on the year before - and the number of inmates released by mistake rose by seven to 71, new figures show.
The Royal Mint has announced the design of a £5 coin to be struck to mark Prince George's first birthday.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead for the first time in 30 years, it has been announced.
The mother of a 21-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A as they continued their bid for a third successive domestic and Champions League treble with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title for the first time in their history as they beat Barnsley at St James' Park to seal the title with two games to spare.
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed outside a shop in Wolverhampton.
When I was a teenager I used to give a speech at a school debating competition calling for Yorkshire to be given more power over its own affairs.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes at two new developments in the east end of Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline final at Rio 2016, the first British woman to win a medal in the event.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester City moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool at King Power Stadium.
Shakespeare's birthplace, the Tithe Barn and the Tower of London are among the most famous examples of medieval symbols believed to have been used to ward off witches and evil spirits, heritage experts are calling for people to share their memories of them.
The chimney of Didcot Power Station's tall tower has collapsed, prompting speculation on social media that the site may have been hit by another explosion.
A cross-Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by travel firm Hovertravel, the company has said.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the lowest since 1987, according to figures released by the Channel Islands' harbour master.
The man in charge of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has said Northern Ireland's tourism industry needs to be "mature enough" to make it easy for people to visit the attraction.
A man who absconded from a mental health unit in Sussex where he was being held for killing his friend has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, who led the largest manhunt the country has seen for 44 years, is to retire next month, the force has announced.
Barnet moved level on points with League Two leaders Newport County at the top of the table with victory at Hartlepool, who remain without a win in six games.
Sunderland defender Christian Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Saturday's 1-1 draw at West Bromwich Albion.
Striker Mario Mandzukic has been ruled out of Germany's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia on Saturday because of a hamstring injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is "very important" for the club as they bid to qualify for the Europa League for the first time in 20 years.
A passenger plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with its engine.
The number of visitors to a sculpture of ceramic poppies in Leeds has risen by 170% since it was unveiled last year, according to the city's national art park.
Former Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first German footballer to come out as gay, saying he is "courageous and correct" to reveal his sexuality after his playing career.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland's (PSNI) Serious Crime Branch is to review all deaths linked to a paramilitary unit which was disbanded in the 1970s, the BBC has learned.
A dispersal order has been issued in an Anglesey town following a series of anti-social behaviour incidents.
A professional boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks after being found guilty of assaulting his ex-girlfriend and harassing her for more than 24 hours.
US Christian missionary Kenneth Bae has been returned to a North Korean labour camp, the US state department has confirmed, amid reports that he has been held there for 15 months.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire have been put up for sale with a guide price of £12.6m, with one of the piers being the only one with listed building status, the National Piers Society has said.
South Africa are to begin a search for a new head coach ahead of next month's tour of England, which will see the end of Ottis Domingo's time as national coach.
A security audit of the UK's internet service providers (ISPs) carried out in the wake of the TalkTalk hack has found a number of weaknesses that could have been exploited by hackers, a security expert has told the BBC.
A number of online gambling companies could face fines or court action after an investigation found they were breaking the law by preventing customers from withdrawing their winnings, the competition regulator has said.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris, who was found dead at his home in Suffolk, has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in their 1-0 defeat by Poland in their opening Euro 2016 Group C game in Nice was not good enough and we need to improve a lot more if we are going to have any chance of qualifying for the last 16.
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain may improve the ability of people to learn maths, according to researchers at Cardiff University in the UK.
A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car in West Yorkshire has been named by police as a university academic who was a "respected and dedicated academic".
The US government has been accused of carrying out "unprecedented" and "unlawful" surveillance of US citizens under a programme known as Prism, which was revealed in a series of documents leaked from the National Security Agency (NSA) last year.
Rory McIlroy is a doubt for the Dubai Desert Classic after failing to recover from a stomach bug ahead of the first round because he is "too sore" to play.
Warwickshire and England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of his home county and Birmingham Bears, saying he wants to focus on his batting.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is to sue a policewoman who says she was ordered by the government to report the presence of national police on the seafront in Nice at the time of the Bastille Day attack, reports say.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton said he had a "very, very odd weekend" as his title hopes were dealt a blow with a fourth-place finish in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye is a former doctor who rose to prominence during the 1980s bush war against President Yoweri Museveni's National Resistance Movement (NRM), and has been a fierce critic of the president since then.
A Cardiff man has said he and his wife are afraid to go into their garden because of a colony of Tube spiders living in the eaves of their house.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £5.5m for the year to the end of March, up from £3.6m in the same period last year.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in the grounds of a house in Londonderry, police have said.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has said he is "really sorry" for comments he made about women in science that were described as "sexist" and "disruptive" to the profession.
Cuts to social care budgets in England have left thousands of people struggling to get the help they need, according to figures from the health and social care service.
A former Bolivian air traffic control officer has accused her superiors of pressuring her to change the content of a report before a plane crash that killed most of a Brazilian football team in November, in which she was a passenger.
A court in China has sentenced five members of a banned religious cult to life in prison for the murder of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant in Shandong province.
Katy Perry has said she wants to "move on" from her feud with Taylor Swift, saying: "I don't want to talk about it any more, I don't need to."
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in Cardiff Bay to pay their respects to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent after less than two years in the role.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit into the way it spent more than £1.2m on spending cards used by civil servants in 2014/15 and 2015/16, the Welsh Conservatives have said.
Plans for a new film and television studio in Aberdeen have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government and Creative Scotland.
Prue Leith is to step down as a judge on BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 series, it has been announced.
Substitute Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 to keep alive their hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals in Gabon.
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from certain areas of the city under plans to crack down on "irresponsible" pet owners.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the state of Zimbabwe's political scene ahead of next month's presidential and parliamentary elections, which are widely expected to be the most tightly contested in the country's history.
The University of Staffordshire has agreed to take over the running of the former Staffordshire County Court building.
Rescuers in Greenland are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country's west coast on Sunday, the US military has told the BBC.
A man has died and another man has been seriously injured in a crash on the A1(M) near Ballymena, County Antrim, on Saturday.
Prime Minister Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump in Washington later this month, the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department asked the FBI to change the classification level of a classified email sent by Hillary Clinton last year, according to newly released FBI documents.
London is the most expensive city in the world for commuters to travel on public transport, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says the club need to sign "two or three more players" if they are to improve their squad ahead of the start of the new season.
Steam, one of the world's most popular digital games retailers, has struck a deal with film and TV studio Lionsgate to release video content through its platform.
Mexican police have arrested several people suspected of involvement in the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman earlier this month, officials say.
Highland Council has said it is "unlikely" that a new school campus in Wick will open in October as planned because of delays in the construction of the site.
The Chancellor Philip Hammond has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by some small businesses in the Autumn Statement, which will increase the amount of VAT they have to pay by up to 16.5% from 1 April 2017.
The head of Ofsted has criticised the government's plans to make GCSEs in traditional academic subjects compulsory in England, saying some pupils would be better suited to studying vocational subjects.
The Royal Navy's first aircraft carrier is to be based at Portsmouth Naval Base, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced.
Police are continuing to search for a man who has been missing from his home in Edinburgh for more than two weeks after he was seen travelling to Manchester from London.
Fishermen off the coast of Wales are being asked to report any sightings of a rare species of shark they are catching.
Lava has been spewing out of a volcano in Hawaii in the US state of Hawaii for the first time in more than a decade.
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have won the latest round in a legal battle over an injunction issued by the Republic of Ireland's richest man against the broadcaster.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been suspended by cycling's world governing body, the UCI, for a second time because of an investigation into his performance-enhancing drug use.
A US aid worker who was held in Syria for more than three years has been freed, the US State Department says, after the Czech Republic helped secure his release.
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found there was a "relentless" attempt to defeat the ends of justice after his murder and that the Army and the RUC were involved in the plot to kill him.
Scottish Football Association chief executive Martin Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on the issue of gambling in Scottish football, following a number of high-profile cases of alleged match-fixing.
The white police officer accused of killing a black teenager in Chicago in 2014 has pleaded not guilty to 16 counts of first-degree murder in a case that has sparked protests in the US city.
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions for the first time in its 25-year history, the company that owns the title has confirmed.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has turned down a bid from League Two side Gillingham for midfielder Luke Byrne, BBC Wales Sport has learned.
The Bank of England has announced the introduction of a new plastic fiver, the first of its kind to be issued in the UK for more than 100 years, and it is expected to last five years, compared to the current paper fiver's two years.
An Australian man who survived six days without food or water in the Australian desert by eating ants has said he does not know how he did it.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side were "not ready to fight for the Premier League" after their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool left them 12 points behind leaders Chelsea at the top of the table.
Syrian government forces have recaptured a key district of the city of Homs from rebels, state media say, hours after the area was reported to have been taken by the army.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was racially abused by a member of staff at Heathrow Airport on Monday night, the BBC understands.
Protesters in Abkhazia have taken to the streets of the capital, Sukhumi, calling for the resignation of the country's de facto president, who has been accused of trying to overthrow the government.
An Indian woman has thanked the country's railway ministry for helping her out after she used social media to help a family in need of milk for their baby.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a new music video for their new single, which features celebrities pretending to be psychiatric inpatients.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) is to conduct an independent review into claims made by the Sunday Times that footballers were doped by a doctor, the Football Association has confirmed.
A campaign to elect a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff has failed to hit its target for signatures on a petition calling for a referendum on the idea, a councillor has claimed.
The closure of two Royal Navy bases in Portsmouth and Aldershot will have a "devastating" impact on the local economy, a council has said.
Nigeria's military says most of the schoolgirls abducted from a boarding school in the north-eastern town of Chibok on Tuesday have escaped from their captors, but other reports say many are still missing.
Ten men from Brazil and Paraguay have been arrested in a raid on a suspected illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham, officials have said.
The way Surrey Police investigates more complex crime is "still not good enough", the police watchdog has said, following criticism of the way the force was run under the former chief constable Julie Owens.
The BBC has confirmed it will shut down its global edition of the iPlayer app on 26 June, six years after it was first launched in the UK.
A Victorian cemetery reception house used to hold the dead before funerals has been given Grade II listed status for its use as a "ghoulish" store for burials.
An exhibition in Iran of cartoonists' depictions of Donald Trump has drawn comparisons between the US president and Adolf Hitler, with the winner's artwork featuring a logo based on the Nazi swastika.
As Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders battle it out for the Democratic nomination for the US presidential nomination, the two candidates are battling it out on social media for the hearts and minds of young voters.
Port Vale came from behind to beat West Bromwich Albion and reach the second round of the EFL Cup for the first time in six years.
Cambridge United have re-signed defender Michael Keane on loan from Oxford United until the end of the season.
A woman has been left "very upset" after a raid on her home in the Highlands in which a number of war medals and antiques were stolen.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died after a lorry crashed into a crowd of pedestrians in Glasgow city centre on Saturday.
England finished third in the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in Georgia as they beat New Zealand 24-10 to win the tournament for the first time in their history.
A lorry has overturned on the M1 in Northamptonshire, causing traffic delays of up to five miles (8km) in both directions, causing the closure of the southbound carriageway of the motorway.
Zuzanna Abramovic has opened her latest exhibition at the Serpentine Gallery in London, where she has invited the public to spend eight hours a day in a state of total silence.
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to sit down and engage constructively in talks aimed at restoring power-sharing.
An engineering firm in the Highlands is set to create more than 200 new jobs after securing £20m of funding from the Scottish government.
An 82-year-old woman found dead in her Fife home has been named by police as a "vulnerable and elderly member of the community" who was murdered in a "brutal" attack.
Firefighters in Chile are battling a series of forest fires that have destroyed more than 1,000 homes and forced the evacuation of more than 100,000 people, officials say.
The US has condemned as "deeply troubling" Israel's decision to approve the construction of a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, saying it would "undermine the pursuit of peace".
A judge has said it is in the best interests of the children of a couple arrested on suspicion of trying to travel to the Middle East to join so-called Islamic State, a judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of a strike by women chainmakers in the Black Country which led to the introduction of the first minimum wage in the UK.
A report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) has found that nearly a third of the more than 600 young people who returned to Kenya from Somalia in the past five years were forced to join militant groups, the BBC has learned.
A woman in her 20s is in a critical condition in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Ballymena, County Antrim, police have said.
A 24-hour strike by midwives in Northern Ireland has ended, but further industrial action is planned in a dispute over pay, the Department of Health has said.
Two 15-year-old boys from South Tyneside have been arrested on suspicion of sharing indecent images of children on social media, police have said.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to death by a military court for killing four of his comrades in a revenge attack last year in which he said he was avenging the death of a superior.
Toyota is to invest £100m to upgrade its UK car plant, creating up to 1,000 jobs, as it continues to invest in the UK despite uncertainty over the impact of Brexit on investment in the sector.
More public money is needed to boost the number of people taking part in sport and physical activity in Wales, the head of the country's football association has said.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party, Helen Zille, has announced she is to step down from the post.
Chris Eubank Jr says he is ready to hand over his British middleweight title belt to former world champion Ryan Blackwell as a "goodwill gesture" after the boxer woke from a coma following his defeat by the Briton.
A grieving family in the US state of Alaska were told their son had been killed in a car crash in the early hours of the morning, only to find out he was alive and well when he turned out to be another man with the same name and birthday.
League One side Notts County have signed QPR midfielder Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's top law officer has told the Supreme Court that the Scottish Parliament does not have the power to stop the UK government starting the process of leaving the EU without consulting Holyrood.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Gardaí (Irish police) have said claims that Gerry Adams was involved in the killing of republican James Donaldson are "absolute nonsense", a lawyer for the family of the murdered Sinn Féin official has said.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a World War Two British general who was sent to a Nazi concentration camp to care for the sick and dying.
Police have said they are treating a suspicious device found on a road in Dumfries and Galloway as "nothing untoward" after it was found to be a pipe bomb.
Nico Rosberg headed a Red Bull one-two in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton had a difficult day at the track.
An intruder has broken into a nursery in Ceredigion, prompting staff to raise the height of its gates, a letter sent to parents has said.
Kingfisher, the owner of the B&Q and Screwfix home improvement chains, has agreed to sell its Chinese home improvement business to Wumei Holdings for £140m.
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark free trade deal after talks in Brussels broke down without agreement from Belgium's Wallonia region.
Survivors of the Aberfan disaster have told their stories at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of one of the worst peacetime disasters of the 20th century.
The Last Samuri will carry 11st 10lb when he attempts to win the Grand National for the second year in a row when the race gets under way on Saturday.
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie is to fight for the first time since retiring from football to become a professional boxer.
The RSPB has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags after a rare bird of prey was photographed in the north west of Scotland.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead in a street in Manchester city centre.
Nottinghamshire has voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union, with less than a third of people voting to remain in the region, with Mansfield and Rushcliffe the only areas to vote for Remain.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna to move back into second place in Serie A and set up a meeting with Juventus in the final round of the Coppa Italia.
The culture secretary has been cleared of any wrongdoing over a grant given to the organisers of the T in the Park festival by the public spending watchdog Audit Scotland.
Anthony Joshua has the "b brutish strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, according to former world heavyweight champion Chris Harrison.
The sudden death of Jayaram Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has left a huge void in the political landscape in the state, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Chennai.
The remains of a man whose skeleton was found on a motorway lay undiscovered for up to three years have been identified as a man wearing a "dare2be" T-shirt and Nike tracksuit bottoms, police have said.
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in an attack by Taliban militants on an Afghan army base, the defence ministry has said, in what is believed to be one of the deadliest attacks on the military in recent years.
You can't win the Davis Cup as a one-man team, so it was great to see the whole team come together in Glasgow and help Great Britain reach the semi-finals for the first time in 35 years.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is not the first place you would expect to find people seeking asylum in Serbia, but it is the only one of its kind on the outskirts of the city.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on a top-four finish in the Championship in his first season in charge of the Bairns.
A man has died after being found unconscious in the River Tawe in Penlee in Cornwall.
Kilcoo produced a superb second-half display to beat 10-man Scotstown 1-12 to 0-11 and set up an Ulster SFC semi-final against Kilcar or Glenswilly.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins is hoping to secure a place in the Great Britain team for the 2016 Rio Olympics after missing out on a place at London 2012 because of a chest infection.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will step down at the end of this month, leaving Fine Gael MPs to choose a new leader.
A second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned until next year after the father of the toddler's father was unable to secure legal aid.
The US space company United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled plans for a new, more powerful rocket that will be substantially cheaper to build and operate than its current vehicles.
The death of A$AP Fergie's brother-in-law has been revealed as a result of drug and alcohol poisoning.
Bristol Rovers manager Billy Saunders says striker Mame Biram Diouf has denied reports that he was seen in a nightclub hours before the club's last game of the season.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by the prospect of facing favourites Maribor in Thursday's Europa League qualifier.
England's Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the fourballs for Europe in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Saturday, while Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters will again be paired together.
Rents for top-quality office space in Belfast are continuing to rise, but they are still well below the UK average, according to new figures.
A year ago, the world's worst nuclear accident occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam while it was flying over Northamptonshire, the National Police Air Service (NPAS) has said.
An artificial intelligence system that can read people's lips better than humans has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been trying to reassure the world that the UK is still a strong and open country after it leaves the European Union, but she has had a tough time getting that message across to other countries.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads, which have devastated the country's wildlife for decades.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says the International Cricket Council's (ICC) investigation into suspicious betting patterns in their Test match against England was "unfair".
Google is to end unskippable 30-second TV-style adverts on its YouTube video service, the BBC has learned.
Wales have recalled midfielders Jonny Chester, Chris Dummett and Chris Matthews for Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff, but three players are out of the squad for the match against the Belgians.
A Christian-run bakery that refused to make a cake with a picture of the Prophet Muhammad on it has told a court that if they lose a legal case against the Equality Commission it could have a "catastrophic effect" on other businesses in Northern Ireland.
Athletics' world records could be wiped from the books if an athlete has been found guilty of a doping offence, under proposals backed by European Athletics.
A man accused of being forced to work as a slave for £20 a day was allowed to live with the Connors family, Cardiff Crown Court has heard.
A 19-year-old woman has died in hospital following a crash involving a car and a lorry in Belfast city centre on Friday.
Rugby union's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time at a permanent home in the sport's world governing body.
A female officer has been appointed as the first female commanding officer at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst.
A jewellers in Teesside has been robbed in a raid that police believe is linked to a similar robbery in Yarm in November.
Middlesex opener Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries on the opening day of their Division One match against Yorkshire at Lord's as the visitors struggled on day one at Headingley.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was blinded in one eye when she was attacked by two teenage boys who pointed a laser pen at her in Edinburgh.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous" and "abhorrent" psychopathic personality disorder, a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May, as the economy continued to slow down in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
Reading midfielder Paul McAnuff says he would like to extend his stay at the club beyond the end of the season after being left out of the starting line-up for the first two games of the Championship season.
Hong Kong is the world's most active city, according to a study of smartphone activity data from more than 700,000 people who used an activity monitoring app.
NHS bosses in England are seeking to find a new provider to run the troubled NHS 111 phone line after the organisation that ran the old 0845 service pulled out of nine out of 10 of its contracts.
Plans for a new £25m justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City chief executive Mehmet Dalman says Russell Slade is still the right man to be the Bluebirds' manager despite the pressure on the club's head coach.
The High Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) in a tax avoidance case against the retailer Next, which could see the firm pay more than £50m in back taxes.
Sleaford Mods, Banksy and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye are among the nominees for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards, which honour the best in British culture and achievement.
A pensioner who tried to stop the killer of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross in the Queen's Birthday Honours for bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist has said he is "over the moon" after being told his brain tumour has been found not to be as bad as feared.
It could be over in hours - or it could take weeks.
Guy Martin has pulled out of this year's Ulster Grand Prix (UGP) at Dundrod after failing to recover from a serious crash in June.
"I don't know what I'm going to do now," said Cynthia, as she sat in her dormitory in the Kenyan town of Garissa, a few hours after al-Shabab militants killed more than 30 people in an attack on Thursday.
The price of carbon permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros a tonne for the first time this year, as a huge oversupply of permits hit the market.
Ghana's government has fined a private company $1.5m (Â£1.1m; $1m) for overspending on a project to rebrand more than 100 buses with portraits of the president's predecessors, the attorney general has said.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in the recruitment of jihadists, the interior minister has said, as raids were carried out in Paris, Marseille and other cities.
The Hillsborough disaster was the worst football disaster in England's history, with 96 people killed and more than 1,200 injured when 96 fans were crushed to death in a crush at the football stadium in Sheffield.
Tributes have been paid to the man who led the searches for two of the Disappeared after he died in a car crash in West Yorkshire.
Plans to test-drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council, but it has not been confirmed if they will be allowed to go ahead.
The mother of a baby boy who had a plastic angel stuck in his oesophagus after he regurgitated food has said she has "completely lost faith" in the NHS after his family was told to stop giving him solids and only give him pureed milkshakes.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos that included the word "Allah" written in Arabic and Hebrew on her body.
A loggerhead turtle found washed up on a beach in the Lake District has died, an aquarium owner has said.
With England's 2016 season over, and the ICC Women's Championship coming to an end, Heather Knight reflects on her year as captain of the women's team, and what's next for her.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens on a three-year deal after the England international completed his return to the Super League club.
Sheffield Wednesday defender Callum Wildsmith has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says he may need to "be patient" with striker Joe Cook after the striker turned down a new deal with the League Two club.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century gave Lancashire the upper hand on day three against Hampshire at Old Trafford as they moved to the brink of a first County Championship win of the season.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side need to improve further if they are to become the number one team in the world after completing a 3-0 series win over Australia.
Hong Kong's Ocean Park giant panda, Ying Ying, is due to give birth to her first cub after being artificially inseminated with a male panda for the second time this year, officials say.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest on Friday has risen to 38, officials say, with the death toll from the blaze rising to 36.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire after a night out at a racecourse.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £3.6m in damages to the family of a baby girl who suffered severe brain damage after she was born in a Caesarean section at a Cumbrian hospital 10 years ago.
A nine-year-old boy should be placed in foster care after concerns were raised about the long-term future of his great-great-uncle, a family court judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-partner have lost an appeal against a ruling that police failed to protect her from her killer.
Facebook has been urged by a Belgian watchdog to do more to protect the privacy of its users after it accused the social network of "tramples on European and Belgian privacy laws".
ITV's Downton Abbey is to return for a sixth series, it has been confirmed by the broadcaster.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he and Prime Minister Theresa May will "still be neighbours" after the general election despite reports of a rift in their working relationship.
Community Health Councils (CHCs) in Wales have said they want to become "the best kept secret" in the way they monitor the NHS in Wales.
Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's musical drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after its first season was not watched by enough viewers to warrant a second, it has been announced.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline every day last year with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £10m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Michael Phelps won the 200m individual medley for the second time in as many days as he returned to competition after a six-month ban at the USA Swimming National Championships with victory in the 100m backstroke.
Lyon's Ligue 1 match against Metz was abandoned after a firecracker was thrown from the stands at the Stade Velodrome in Paris and landed on the head of Lyon midfielder Luiz Felipe Lopes.
A man has been arrested after two men were killed when the car they were in crashed into a tree in Stoke-on-Trent in the early hours of Saturday.
Campaigner Margo MacDonald has launched a new bid to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland, saying she hopes it will be a "game-changer" for terminally ill people.
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Yankees has been played in the US city of Baltimore without fans for the first time since a black man died in police custody last week.
A growing number of countries around the world are legalising third gender or gender-fluid identities, as well as transgender and gender-non-conformist identities, in an effort to help people to live more freely in their own skins.
Voters in Switzerland will go to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal to end free movement of people between European Union countries, in a referendum that could have far-reaching implications for the country's economy.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after his bike was involved in a crash in Herefordshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital, a Glasgow-based firm run by former Royal Navy officer David McColl, for an undisclosed sum.
A few miles from Ravenscraig steelworks in Port Talbot there is still a buzz about the place, as there was when I first arrived 25 years ago.
A man who was once a close associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for four years for assaulting a teenage boy and his girlfriend.
Prison in England and Wales is turning into a "punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars", says the National Crime Agency's Prison Trust report.
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a petrol bomb was thrown at police during a disturbance outside a chemist shop in west Belfast.
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors of a powerful earthquake that hit the north-eastern province of Aceh on Wednesday, killing at least 20 people.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 3-12 to 0-12 in a thrilling Division Three game at Corrigan Park to keep alive their hopes of promotion from Division Two.
A French woman has become the first person to take legal action against the French government over air pollution in Paris, accusing it of failing to do enough to protect her from the dangers of smog.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 in the quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to beat them 2-1 and set up a semi-final against England.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" in favour of equal access to marriage for all people, regardless of their sexuality, in his first TV interview since becoming leader of the party.
Facebook has asked the High Court in Dublin to rule on a complaint by a German privacy activist that the social network "aids US spy agencies for mass surveillance" by allowing data to be sent to its US servers.
Birmingham City captain Lee Robinson has signed a new one-year deal with the Championship club, with manager Gary Rowett saying he can still offer "something on the pitch" despite his recent red card.
Firefighters have been called to dozens of homes in Dorset and Dorset in recent months after people used insecticide-type devices to control pests, the Dorset Fire and Rescue Service has said.
Foresters in Poland say storms that killed at least six people and destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of forest in the country's Bialowieza forest are the worst disaster in the history of the forestry industry.
Further Education and Learning (DEL) Minister Stephen Farry has decided to use his department's budget to fund redundancies in the further education sector, in the absence of a voluntary exit scheme for public sector staff.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to five points with a 3-0 win over Berwick Rangers, while Edinburgh City beat Annan Athletic 1-0 to move level on points with leaders Forfar Athletic.
All original interview notes for four men who were cleared of murdering a police officer in Londonderry more than 40 years ago have gone missing, the BBC has learned.
Councils should be allowed to take on the running of failing academies, the body representing local authorities has said.
The benefits of cholesterol-lowering statins are "well established" and outweigh the risk of side effects, according to a major review of the evidence on the drugs.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission to the International Space Station in which he became the first Briton to spend more than a year in space.
Romania won Olympic gold in the men's team epee for the first time in Rio as they beat defending champions China in the final of the fencing competition at the Rio 2016 Games.
The prime minister has said she will consider scrapping the lower vehicle tax on diesel cars as part of plans to tackle air pollution in the UK.
Dundee manager Grant McCann is hoping to improve the club's recruitment system ahead of the new season after a summer of "chasing his tails" in terms of bringing in new players.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, says he has no regrets over his decision to allow Russia to compete at the Rio 2016 Olympics despite the country's doping scandal.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83.
There are two camps in India - the optimistic and the pessimistic - who believe that the country's economic growth in the past decade has been driven by a decade of economic liberalisation and affirmative action for the most disadvantaged groups in the country.
Tiger Woods says he is concerned about his fitness as he prepares for his return to competitive golf after a 15-month lay-off, but is looking forward to the challenge ahead.
A woman has spoken of her shock after a man was shot five or six times in the leg while answering her door in west Belfast.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand in connection with the Silk Road website, a dark web marketplace for illegal drugs that was shut down in 2013, the US government has said.
David Fox scored a late winner as League Two leaders Plymouth came from behind to beat League Two play-off hopefuls Mansfield at Plainmoor.
The World Sevens Series returns to Paris this weekend for the final leg of the season, which will see England take on Spain in a bid to secure the title for the first time in the competition's history.
"I'm very proud to be the manger of this club, I've really enjoyed the season, and I've had great support from people like (director of football) George Craig, (chief executive) Leeann Dempster and (chairman) Rod Petrie," said manager Neil
A man has been found dead after a hang-gliding accident in East Sussex.
Cardiff City defender James Morrison says the Bluebirds need to learn lessons from their "devastating" late goals conceded in their last three Championship games.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team have the strength and power to match Germany when they meet in their final Group C match at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on seven senior Venezuelan officials over President Nicolas Maduro's plan to hold controversial elections for a new assembly to rewrite the country's constitution.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, amid growing tension between the two countries after his refusal to sign a partnership deal with the European Union.
French police have evicted hundreds of Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on a railway line in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis, in a move condemned by the Council of Europe and Amnesty International.
Broadcaster Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save the world's longest running pier train and ferry service, which he described as an "extraordinary piece of our past".
The family of a man who died after being hit by a lorry have launched a fundraising campaign to set up a woodland survival centre in his memory.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd star Syd Barrett is to be created in his home city of Cambridge, according to one of his former art school classmates.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has condemned comments made by Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte about the rape and murder of a missionary who was murdered in a prison in the Philippines.
Sir John Major's call for a second referendum on Brexit has been dismissed as an "absolute dismissal of democracy", a former Conservative leader has said.
An exhibition of more than 100 photographs of Bristol taken at different times of the day and night has opened at the city's arts centre.
The number of state and independent schools challenging GCSE and A-level exam results in England and Wales rose by more than a third in 2015, official figures show.
Boeing has reported lower-than-expected revenues and profits for the final three months of 2016, as demand for military planes fell and demand for commercial planes picked up.
Coleraine rowers Michael Cassells and David Scrimgeour have won gold and silver medals at the European Rowing Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Australia beat India by an innings and 95 runs to win the first Test in India and take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
Universities could offer full degrees online within five years, according to the head of one of the world's biggest online university platforms.
Jockey James Best won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Glorious Goodwood for the second year in a row on the final day of the Grand National meeting at Aintree.
Irish Travellers are genetically very close to settled people in the Republic of Ireland, according to a study of DNA from 42 Travellers and more than 1,000 other people.
Highland Council has said further work is to be carried out to stabilise a section of the A890 bypass in Argyll and Bute after it was closed for more than a month due to rock falls.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man and woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, as team-mates Tom Bishop and Philip Graves finished in the top three.
The Burrell Museum in Londonderry is to reopen to the public in 2020 as part of a £66m project to transform the building into a permanent home for the city's collection of medieval and 19th Century artefacts.
An RSPB-led project to restore a river bend in Surrey has seen a rise in the number of salmon and trout in the area, it has been claimed.
Yemen's national airline, Yemenia, has been charged by French authorities over a plane that crashed into the sea off the coast of the French island of Comoros in 2012, killing most of the passengers on board.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has said the Republican Party needs to change its image if it wants to avoid a repeat of the mistakes made by Mitt Romney and other Republicans in the 2012 election.
Women's Super League One side Orlando City have signed five-time world player of the year Marta from FC Rosengard in Sweden for an undisclosed fee.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has retained his Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election, as the SNP lost all but one of its seats in the capital.
Salford Red Devils have parted company with coach Jacques Frayssinous and assistant coach Kevin Sinfield after a run of poor form that saw them drop out of the Super League play-off semi-finals.
Monaco's Prince Jacques has become the first member of the royal family to be born as a male after his twin sister, Gabriella, was born to Charlene, the Duchess of Monaco, and her husband, the Prince of Wales.
A new maternity clinic for women who have been raped or sexually assaulted is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital in a bid to help them during and after giving birth.
Northern Ireland sprinter Eilish Foster and Paralympic silver medallist Jason Smyth missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the 100m at the Commonwealth Games on the opening day of athletics action in Glasgow.
More than 20 people have been arrested following clashes between far-right protesters and counter-demonstrators in Maidstone during a day of anti-racism demonstrations in the Kent town.
Banks and accountants who help people evade tax could face fines of up to £100,000 if they are found guilty of tax evasion, under plans proposed by Danny Alexander.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country's economy is in "crisis" and the government will not borrow beyond its ability to repay.
UKIP's only MP has said the party's national executive has the "authority" to decide whether Nigel Farage should take a break as leader.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum for £1.5m after it was saved from sale by administrators when the firm went into administration last year.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world, with an estimated population of more than 28 million people and one of the largest economies in the Middle East and North Africa.
The number of children in England and Wales being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, according to a charity which helps young people deal with the problem.
Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a 15-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Six cygnets have been killed and five injured after they were run over by a car in County Fermanagh, the RSPB has said.
A pub chain has agreed a deal to buy a Grade II-listed building in Carmarthenshire which was at the centre of a row over plans to turn it into a supermarket.
The prime minister's comments on the future of school sport in England have been met with a mixture of criticism and praise from those who work in grassroots sport.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, with syphilis and gonorrhoea the most common among young people, official figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome missed out on the Vuelta a Espana title as he finished 32 seconds behind winner Gianni Meersman after a crash at the end of the penultimate stage.
Comedian Jeremy Vine has offered advice to a 15-year-old boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of bullies in Romford, Essex, in a video posted on social media.
The potential for co-operative housing to help tackle the housing crisis in Wales is "great", a new report has said, with 10 projects already in the pipeline and more to come.
The operator of Scotland's busiest airfield says it is preparing for the highest amount of traffic it has ever had for a summer period.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has said it will cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a plan to cut costs and simplify its business.
Partick Thistle secured their place in the Scottish Premiership play-off final with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park to move off the bottom of the table and into second place on goal difference.
The number of hours ambulances spent waiting to hand over patients at accident and emergency (A&E) departments in Yorkshire has risen by more than a third in the past three years, figures have shown.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found with a gunshot wound to the head in Oxfordshire.
British conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 83.
A lion cub has been found in the cage of its mother, Dana, at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia after she was brought to the country from Turkey to give birth to a litter of six animals.
Chancellor George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans in Berlin later, as he seeks to win the backing of the country's business leaders.
An Australian mining company has been found guilty of causing the collapse of a sacred site in the Northern Territory that has been part of a traditional Aboriginal burial ground for thousands of years.
Shoppers in the UK are getting ready to spend thousands of pounds on Black Friday deals, with Tesco, John Lewis and Tesco among the biggest names in the world of retail.
A transgender woman in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu has won a legal battle to become a police officer, becoming the first in the country to do so, reports say.
The inter-county U21 Football championship should be abolished from 2017, according to GAA director general Jim Duffy's discussion paper on player welfare and fixture congestion.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A96 in Londonderry.
A US company has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic limb that can be fitted with a socket and hand in a matter of minutes.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is "not to blame" for the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League this season.
The Bernabeu is one of the most intimidating stadiums in the world, and it will be no different on Wednesday when Manchester City take on Real Madrid in the second leg of their Champions League semi-final.
Former Wrexham striker Gary Morrell has been appointed first-team coach at the National League club following the departure of Paul Saunders.
"When I go to London, I like to splurge on clothes," says Michael DeLeon, "because it's so much cheaper to shop here than it is in the US."
Civil servants should not be asked to man the UK's borders during a planned strike by public sector workers, a union has said, after the government called for volunteers to be drafted in to help deal with the crisis.
Kenya's Conseslus Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz was beaten into second place by compatriot Faith Kipyegon in Rio.
Police investigating the deaths of two men who were killed in an explosion at a digger manufacturer in Harford, County Antrim, say they believe there was a "flashover explosion" at the site.
The US and UK have called on the UN to suspend air drops of aid to besieged areas of Syria, saying they are the "last resort" to relieve human suffering.
People from working-class backgrounds are being "systematically locked out" of top jobs at the UK's elite firms, according to a new report.
League Two side Notts County have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Lewis Dunkley on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong for $100m (Â£65m) in damages over his use of performance-enhancing drugs in the 1990s and early 2000s.
A new group has been set up in Northern Ireland to help families of people with rare diseases to better understand and advocate for their rights.
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ordered that two girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in a park in an apparent act of devotion to Slender Man should be tried as adults, rather than as juveniles.
Work has begun on the final section of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, after the US army gave the developer permission to complete the project, despite protests from Native American tribes.
As Hungary prepares to go to the polls on Sunday for parliamentary elections, the BBC's Ferenc Kumin looks out from his first-floor window in the Hungarian parliament onto a very different Hungary.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with the theft of £50,000 worth of frozen fish from a Torfaen fish and chip factory.
A Danish prince who was pulled from the surf on Australia's Gold Coast might well have died if he had not been rescued by a lifeguard, according to local media reports.
On BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Wednesday, Boris Johnson said: "If you want to buy a bunch of five bananas, you have to buy them in bunches of two or three, because the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in Bunches ofTwo or three."
When Surjit Singh Kohli was a 15-year-old engineering student, his teacher told him he would never be able to build India's first humanoid robot.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has denied that more than 100 of its fighters gathered in one place for an attack after a US air strike killed more than 150 of their fighters, the group's spokesman has said.
A World War Two battle window at a Cardiff church is in danger of falling down because of damage caused by the recent storms, the church has said.
A man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into a wall and ended up across a garden in a garden wall.
Primary school pupils in England are to be tested on their times tables for the first time as part of a shake-up of the national curriculum.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing while mimicking Islamic prayers.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to have the government's decision to scrap the Independent Living Fund (ILF) overturned.
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenue for the six months to the end of September, helped by demand for its services in emerging markets and North America and Latin America.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro, officials say, as violence in the country continues to escalate.
Airbus has cut the number of A380 aircraft it plans to build this year and next as it continues to struggle with engine problems on its A320neo and A350 aircraft.
One of the UK's leading business figures has said she would "definitely" vote for the UK to leave the European Union, while the head of GE has said it would not matter if the UK remained in or out of the union.
An illegal high-rise building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai, killing at least 20 people, police say, in the country's worst building collapse in more than a decade.
The world's biggest fund manager, BlackRock, is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive, according to reports.
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer is one of the most successful British footballers in Major League Soccer, but his journey to the top of the game began in the lower leagues of England.
Russia says there are "no criteria" for its athletics federation to be readmitted into the sport after it was suspended over allegations of state-sponsored doping.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using another person's ashes in a ceremony to cover up a mix-up at a crematorium where a family had asked for their ashes to be returned to them.
The BBC's annual defence of its position as a publicly-funded news and cultural organisation is due to be delivered at the University of Edinburgh later.
The Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet junior doctors' leaders this week in a bid to try to resolve a dispute over new contracts, the BBC has learned.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's winless run in the Scottish Premiership stretched to 12 games as Hamilton Academical claimed their first league win of the season with a comfortable victory at New Douglas Park.
A £15m fund to boost cultural regeneration in the north of England has been announced as part of the government's so-called Northern Powerhouse.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam singles title in the same year as her first child when she won the Australian Open on Sunday.
Police in Italy and the US say they have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in New York, New York and Italy in an investigation into a major drug trafficking operation.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law that aims to give more power to the country's white minority population, but critics say has failed to deliver economic growth.
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches in Scotland has come into force.
An 83-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £18,000 to get a phone line to her home because it would take too long to install.
Alex Salmond has been one of Scotland's most successful political leaders for the past 20 years, but what was it about the "chippy, working-class boy" from Linlithgow that made him such an effective political leader?
Tommy Hilfiger has distanced himself from comments he made about model Gigi Hadid, in which he appeared to suggest she was not thin enough.
The family of US radio star Casey Kasem have filed a lawsuit against his former wife, accusing her of abusing him before his death and burying him in an unmarked grave in Norway, US media report.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after he was arrested for trying to smuggle himself back into the country during a match against Wales, officials say.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $2bn (Â£1.8bn) from the country's state during his time in power, according to the UN's International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to offer a unilateral guarantee on the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit, saying it was the "morally right thing to do".
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership as they overcame 10-man Kilmarnock, despite having defender Paolo Pascali sent off in the first half at Rugby Park.
Ten-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle's relegation fears deepened as they were thrashed by 10-man St Johnstone in a match that saw both teams reduced to 10 men.
England and Fiji are through to the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series after winning all their pool matches at the London Sevens on Saturday.
Google has added a new system to its Captcha checks on websites, which no longer require people to complete puzzles to prove they are real people.
Paralympic champion Jason Smyth says he is still aiming to qualify for the 2016 Rio Paralympics despite missing out on a place at the London 2012 Games.
Irish Gypsies who caused "lots of damage" at a birthday party at a golf club by decorating cakes with fairy tale and princesses have been "donated" to homeless shelters, police have said.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has appeared before the Welsh affairs select committee of the House of Commons to answer questions from MPs about the future of the Wales Bill.
Belfast-based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold for an undisclosed sum to a group of investors in the Republic of Ireland.
A 17-year-old boy from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack, police have said.
A Russian military plane has been shot down by Turkish jets near the Syrian border, Russian officials say, in the first such incident since Moscow launched air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the country.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, a US military spokesman has told the BBC.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a foot injury and will have surgery.
Tracey Harrington's Our Duke won the Champion Hurdle at Punchestown for the second year in a row as she became the first female jockey to win the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Mae pêl-droed wedi bod yn rhan ganolog o'r tîm hyfforddi wrth i Gymru lwyddo i gyrraedd rownd gynderfynol cystadleuaeth ryngwlad
NHS trusts in England have been rated as "outstanding" and "poor" after a series of measures aimed at improving safety and openness in the health service were announced by the health secretary.
A disabled man has been attacked with a blunt object in a "vicious attack" during a burglary at his home in Inverness in the early hours of Monday morning.
A man has died after the car he was driving left the road and crashed into a tree in Surrey.
Iranians have been reacting with anger and frustration to revelations about the high salaries being paid to senior officials in the public sector, in the latest chapter in a long-running paylip scandal that has shocked the country.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have issued a warning to tourists after a bison calf was killed by a group of people who tried to bring it back to its herd.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.8% in the year to March, the fastest rise since the introduction of stamp duty on second homes in April, official figures show.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are to be "driven into poverty" under plans to change their contracts, the Unison union has said.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davis on a two-year deal after he was released by National League rivals Grimsby Town.
Tommy Veronelli has left his role as coach of British number two Heather Watson after less than two years in the role, the ATP has announced.
The collapse of the ceasefire in Syria has been widely seen as a setback for a deal that was supposed to bring an end to the conflict in the country and bring a cessation of hostilities that had been negotiated between the US and Russia and the Syrian government and rebel groups.
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit to the site.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that his country needs the US "very, very badly", during a visit to Ottawa.
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two-year deal with the Premier League club, keeping him at the John Smith's Stadium until the end of the 2018-19 season.
"When I started my business 20 years ago, you were not considered an entrepreneur," says Margaret Terry, as she gestures to the rows of hairdressers in her salon in Nairobi's Westgate shopping centre.
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year-old boy should have been "curious" about his condition before he died, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Nottinghamshire's Sherwood Forest will be a "catastrophe" for the area's wildlife, a conservation group has said.
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W. Bush to the man who helped organise the summit of world leaders at the end of the Cold War is to be sold at auction.
A sculpture of a Hindu goddess thought to have been stolen from an Indian temple has been returned to Singapore after a US museum bought it from a New York art dealer.
Hundreds of commuters have been treated to a luxury train service from Kent to London on what is thought to be the first such service in the UK in more than a century.
Former world number one Luke Donald says he considered quitting golf because he could not see "much light at the end of the tunnel" during a slump that saw him drop out of the top 50 in the world rankings.
In the middle of a swampside village in Camaguey province, Cuba, in the early 1930s, a ship set sail from Jacksonville, Florida, on a journey that would change the course of the history of the small town of La Gloria City.
Voters in England and Wales go to the polls on 5 May to elect new councils in local elections.
The number of new cases of dementia in the UK has fallen in men over the past two decades, according to research published in the journal Alzheimer's disease.
The Isle of Wight Council is to appeal against a court ruling that cleared a father of breaking the law by taking his daughter on holiday while she was in term time.
Tributes have been paid to a Swansea man who was known as "Santa Claus" for more than 60 years after he died from cancer on Saturday.
Kurdish fighters have carried the body of a German woman killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria in a ceremony in Germany, a day after she was buried.
Theresa May has set out her vision for a "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country" as she launched her bid to become the next prime minister in a speech to the Conservative Party conference.
A man has been charged with killing a referee in the US state of Michigan after a player allegedly punched him in the head during a high school football game, police say.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot and killed in the US state of Ohio in what police are calling a "senseless and brutal act of violence".
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise an 18-year-old man after befriending him following the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist in India has been arrested for allegedly fabricating an article that claimed the government had banned Muslims from teaching yoga, police say.
Scientists have measured for the first time the effect of the tides on the surface of Loch Ness, the largest lake in the UK, and say they have found a "spirit level" - a measure of how the Earth's crust deforms in response to ocean movements.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men killed in the Shoreham Airshow crash has been delayed as the outcome of a police investigation is yet to be published.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £200,000 by blowing up cash machines in a series of raids in Aberdeenshire and the north east of Scotland.
Australia's most senior Catholic bishop has accused the Vatican of "destroying" the unity of the Australian Catholic Church by not doing enough to help victims of child sex abuse.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts will always have a home at the club if he decides to leave Manchester City for French Ligue 1 side Nice this summer, according to his manager.
An engineer who built an insect-like robot that can walk on its own legs has said he hopes it will inspire others to take up the same hobby.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a survey by a business group.
Pope Francis is about to embark on his first trip to Africa, where he is expected to deliver a message of hope and hope to the poor, the dispossessed and to those who are struggling to make ends meet.
The head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he was "politically responsible" for Luxembourg's tax arrangements when he was prime minister, but that he would not regret them if they had led to non-tax evasion.
Scotland's Laura Muir set a new Scottish 1500m record as she won her first race of the season at the Diamond League meeting in Glasgow on Sunday.
Lukas Jutkiewicz came off the bench to rescue a draw for Birmingham City against Newcastle United in an FA Cup third-round replay at St James' Park, but the Blues were denied a first win under Gianfranco Zola as they were held to a draw.
Mark Cavendish says Team GB were "a victim of their own success" after they missed out on a first Olympic road race gold medal as Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won the men's individual time trial at London 2012.
It's been 19 years since All Saints broke up, but the band are back on the road for a comeback - and, as they tell the BBC, it was a difficult time to be a woman in the male-dominated music industry, writes Shaznay Lewis and Nicole Appleton.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on the chance to win the ATP World Tour Finals doubles title for the first time as they were beaten in the semi-finals of the London Open.
A man who was killed when he was hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island's beaches in the wake of Storm Doris.
A "blanket ban" on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced.
When Roger Goodell steps down as NFL commissioner at the end of the season, it will be a fitting end to what has been an eventful year for the sport in the United States and for the man who has been in charge of it for the better part of a decade.
A nurse who secretly filmed himself raping women who were in hospital and volunteering at a music festival has been jailed for five years and four months.
Ballyliffin is to host next year's Irish Open after the European Tour confirmed that the event will be staged at the County Donegal venue for the first time in 2019.
Jack Leaning's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Lancashire on day two of their Roses match at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk in a bid to help farmers hit by a drop in the price they are paid.
Hewlett-Packard (HP) has apologised for the way it told customers their printers would no longer work if they used unofficial ink cartridges.
Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team, has lost his legal bid to block the sale of the team to a former Microsoft executive, a judge has ruled.
A primary school has been forced to close for the weekend after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with a norovirus bug.
The assembly's presiding officer has launched a campaign to encourage more people to register to vote ahead of May's elections for the police and crime commissioners and assembly elections.
Shares in Royal Dutch Shell have fallen sharply after the company announced plans to resume drilling for oil in the Arctic for the first time in more than two years.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox as the killer of the MP for Batley and Spen has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years for her murder.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce" response to stone-throwing after the death of an Israeli man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to decide whether to refer a controversial new abortion bill to the country's highest court.
Volunteers at the St Abbs lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to hand back their pagers in a bid to save the station from closure.
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century on the opening day of the County Championship season against Gloucestershire at The Oval.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun International in a deal that will see the Championship club return to the Premier League for the first time in 20 years.
Bees and birds that build their nests early in the year are more likely to survive than those that build them later, according to a new study.
Britain's traditional qualities of "fair play, civility, and a sense of humour in adversity" remain as precious as they have always been, the Prince of Wales has said at the passing out parade for senior officer cadets.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal.
The US has closed its embassy in Yemen, warning that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is still a threat to the West, and has ordered all its diplomats to leave the country.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has urged his team-mates to build a winning habit and end the Six Nations on a high after a record-equalling run of points.
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland could have been affected by the Troubles in Northern Ireland, a government report has suggested.
"Rodrigo was nurturing the dream of being a professional footballer," says the outreach worker who first met the 14-year-old Rodrigo Kelton when he moved into a shelter for street children in the Brazilian city of Fortaleza in 2009.
A man who was arrested after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA, known as "pink champagne", may have taken a synthetic version of the drug Spice, Greater Manchester Police have said.
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, calling her "my lover and best friend", saying he will "never forget her".
More than 10,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 20 years under a plan to build 1,090 new homes a year, according to a report.
A BBC-funded Zimbabwean radio station, which was the first of its kind in the world to broadcast from the country, has shut down after more than 20 years.
Mental health providers in England say they have seen little of an extra £143m promised for children's mental health services in the past year, the BBC has learned.
The uncle of one of the UK's Eurovision hopefuls has said his nephew is "putting his town on the map internationally" as he prepares to sing in the final of the contest.
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos half-back Ryan Hood on a two-year deal from next season.
A British swimmer has begun his attempt to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again, when many of you are looking for ways to get fit and active, and we've got just the thing for you!
The BBC's Women of Africa season is celebrating the achievements of some of Africa's most powerful women, who are leading their countries in business, politics and sport.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow last month, the White House says.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes scored a half-century and took two late wickets as his side beat India by three wickets in the third one-day international in Mumbai to win the series for the first time in India.
Northamptonshire Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found at a house where she was later found dead.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its human rights obligations by failing to fund investigations into killings by security forces in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
On this week's Disability Works, we look at how technology is changing the way we all interact with computers and how artificial intelligence (AI) could play a role in making life easier for people with disabilities.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two brothers from West Yorkshire who are believed to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State.
Britain's Nick Scott missed out on the chance to win a third successive World Cup title as he finished second in the RS:X windsurfing event on the final day of the UCI Downhill World Cup in Spain.
Hundreds of servicemen and women from the Royal Navy have taken part in a parade to mark the 70th anniversary of the freedom of the Royal Marine base at Yeovilton in Somerset.
A man whose car was stolen has said he has been told by police there is "very little chance" he will be caught because of the force's "shrinking budget".
Malaysian socialite and philanthropist Khong Tiong Siong Lai has been feeding the hungry for more than 20 years, but her work has taken her from being a socialite to one of the world's most influential philanthropists.
Nigeria's education system has been badly damaged by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, but there is a growing belief that reforms are needed to improve the quality of education for both boys and girls in the north of the country, as the BBC's Farai Sevenzo reports from Kano.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning for the cities of Istanbul and Antalya, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in the two cities.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council for the first time in more than a decade.
Two people have been killed in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan was a "manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence" and collusion between the government, regulators and the plant operator, a report by a panel of experts has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will step down in June after four years in charge of the game's governing body, saying he is "frustrated" by what he sees as a lack of progress in reforming the organisation.
NatWest and RBS have warned their business customers that they could start charging interest on their bank accounts in the event of the Bank of England cutting interest rates below 0.25%.
The government's plans to relax Sunday trading rules for large shops in England and Wales have been defeated in the House of Commons in an embarrassing defeat for Chancellor George Osborne.
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and win the best-of-seven NBA Finals in a dramatic game seven.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady is relishing the chance to return to the home of his former club Liverpool for the first time since he was released by the Reds in January 2014.
A bar in County Londonderry has been fined £5,000 after a man was found dead at the premises while alcohol was being served well into the early hours of the morning, a court has heard.
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a fish he had won at a fair.
Albania have been ordered to play their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia behind closed doors and fined 100,000 euros (£77,000) by Uefa for crowd trouble that led to the abandonment of their match in Belgrade earlier this month.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced that it has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest energy company to be the headline sponsor of its domestic and international competitions.
Newport County were beaten 2-0 by Barry Town in their final pre-season friendly as Wrexham beat Altrincham in the second round of the National League Cup.
Pakistan have been given the go-ahead to play in the World Twenty20 after the Indian government agreed to allow the team to tour the country for the tournament.
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side's "lack of desire" after they were held to a draw by Barnsley on Saturday.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has vowed to restore peace and unite the country after the Senate voted to impeach his predecessor, Dilma Rousseff, and put her on trial.
An ancient Chinese legend about a great flood that dates back more than 1,000 years has been linked to one of the largest floods on Earth, according to new research.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising alternative medicine without a doctor's licence after allegedly posing as a naturopathy doctor for more than a year, police say.
Rafael Nadal is one of the best tennis players in the world and has won more than 30 Grand Slam titles in his career.
The number of skiers and snowboarders in Scotland during the 2014-15 snowsports season was the lowest on record, according to industry figures.
Two police officers have been found guilty of conspiring to steal drugs worth more than Â£20,000 from a consignment of heroin destined for Birmingham.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side are "far from safe" from relegation from Division One and need to play better cricket in the final three games of the season.
A "damaged and dangerous" convicted killer who raped and robbed a woman in a Leicester park has been jailed for a second time.
Cornwall director of rugby David Dawe says the future of the County Championship final at Twickenham is in the hands of the Rugby Football Union.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has surprised students at the University of Texas at Austin by offering to drive them home at night as part of an anti-rape project.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over their state-owned homes and vehicles after they leave office, in the run-up to next year's presidential election.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for saying African-American communities in the US are "in the worst shape they've ever been in before" and vowed to "rebuild" their inner cities.
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 67.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the coast of Invergordon.
An attempt by Northern Ireland's attorney general to refer a gay rights case against a Belfast bakery to the Supreme Court has been rejected by judges at the Court of Appeal.
The Labour Party has defended its decision to bar 121,000 people from registering to vote in the general election, amid claims of "potential Tory infiltration".
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight after refusing to give up his seat have said they are "horrified and shocked" by the incident and are considering legal action against the airline.
The killing of an Aberdeen man in Syria was "extra-judicial killing", Labour MP Harriet Harman has said, as the prime minister defended the operation.
An amateur boxing association in Wales is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to a report commissioned by the Welsh government and Sports Wales.
Three schools in Edinburgh have been closed for the second time in a week due to safety concerns over a wall that collapsed during Storm Gertrude.
A German woman who suffered a pulmonary embolism after taking the contraceptive pill Yasminelle has launched a lawsuit against Bayer, accusing the company of failing to warn women of the dangers of the drug.
Passengers at one of London's busiest Tube stations are being asked to stand on both sides of an escalator as part of a trial to reduce queues.
Mesothelioma sufferers who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation under a new scheme, the government has announced.
A nurse has been found guilty of trying to kill her mother by injecting her with a potentially lethal dose of insulin at a hospital.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act, in a vote that will not be considered by the full Senate.
Betty Churcher, the former director of one of Australia's leading art galleries, has died at the age of 86.
Moody's, one of the three main credit rating agencies for the UK, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime, including leader Pol Pot, have gone on trial in Phnom Penh on charges of genocide and other crimes against humanity.
Author Richard Branson, best known for his 1970s magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife Julie Clarke Neville has said.
Bristol City duo Jake Bidwell and Kodi Nikolic have agreed to play for Guernsey for the rest of the month of August.
There is "no threat whatsoever" to "hard working Polish, Hungarian, other EU citizens" who come to the UK to work, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found in a pet store's warehouse.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered £1,000 to repair the damage after the hole was found during a fist pump.
The Home Office has asked the owners of takeaway restaurants in the Isle of Wight to hand over the details of more than 100 workers accused of working in the UK illegally.
Sebastian Vettel beat Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber to win the Malaysian Grand Prix in an intense battle between the two Red Bull drivers after team orders were called out.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight Police has been named as Caroline Pinkney.
Belfast bantamweight Conor O'Shea has won Ireland's first gold medal at the European Championships in Kiev after beating Andriy Gadzhimagomedov in the semi-finals of the men's flyweight division on Saturday.
Scott Brewster's rink have booked their place at next month's European Curling Championships at Braehead after beating Dave Murdoch and Eve Muirhead's team in the final of the Scottish Open.
Donegal will take on Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park for the second time this season when they face each other for a place in the quarter-finals of the qualifiers for next season.
As the campaign for the UK to stay in or leave the EU enters its final stages, BBC News takes a look at the key dates and questions surrounding the referendum and how it could be held.
The House of Commons has paid tribute to the late TV composer Bill Perry by referring to his Dad's Army catchphrases in the wake of his death at the age of 93.
Derby County striker Darren Bent has urged his team-mates to go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence" after scoring his first goal in more than three months.
It's been another busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Baftas, Grammys and New York Fashion Week all taking place at the same time.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to eight games as they were held to a draw by Ross County at Firhill.
Artillery fire has been heard in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, as pro-Russian rebels try to drive a Russian aid convoy across the border into rebel-held territory.
A pair of Roman mosaics found during an archaeological dig are to be turned into a tourist attraction, the mayor of Leicester has said.
The idea that the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to increase benefits and old age pensions is the most popular policy statement among Scots, according to a BBC Scotland poll of general election priorities.
Nigeria's agriculture minister, Akinwunmi Adesina, is to receive this year's World Food Prize for his work to improve the quality and quantity of food on the continent.
A firearms officer has been reprimanded for carrying a gun in public while on duty after he was stopped by a member of the public at a railway station in Inverness.
The El Nino weather event is expected to be among the strongest on record in 2016, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned.
Scientists in the US have taken the first steps towards making kidney-like organs from scratch, using rat kidney cells to create a honeycomb-like structure that can be grown into a living organ.
Apple has been ordered by a US court to pay more than $1bn (Â£700m) in damages after being accused of infringing a university's patent.
Steam trains are returning to a railway line in Cumbria for the first time in more than 20 years.
The Couch to 5K Challenge is back - and if you want to start running for the first time in your life, you can do it with the help of some of the world's best-known sports stars.
Plans for a new national marine centre for Scotland have been unveiled as part of a £5.5m fundraising drive by a conservation charity.
Passport checks on people leaving the UK have been introduced for the first time, replacing the Advance Passenger Information system, which has been in place since 2004.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle has confirmed she will retire from gymnastics at the end of the Olympics after winning a bronze medal in her final Games in London.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Ben Pearce for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £1.5m.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public, with Madness singer Graham McPherson saying it is a "privilege" to have been involved in its restoration.
An Australian woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of her ex-wife, who was stabbed and set on fire by her boyfriend who went on to carry out a deadly siege in Sydney.
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs he was "shocked and saddened" by the scale of a £1m pay-off given to the corporation's former deputy director general.
Hamilton Academical missed the chance to move into the Premiership's top six as they were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock at Rugby Park.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland in their Euro 2016 warm-up game in Cardiff.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead after leaving a pub in Greater Manchester.
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson says he is "not ready" to manage at the top level after being linked with the vacant manager's job at the Ibrox club.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day after allegedly making obscene gestures at a female colleague during a heated debate in the country's lower house of parliament.
Australia has asked Israel to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged Australian passports in a plot to kill a Palestinian militant in Dubai, the country's government has said.
Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to 10 years in prison for fraud and tax evasion, in a case condemned by Amnesty International and other rights groups.
Police in Papua New Guinea have launched a major operation to recapture more than 60 prisoners who escaped from a prison in the north-eastern city of Lae on Sunday.
England won the Women's Six Nations title for the first time since 2012 as they ran in five tries in a comfortable victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least nine people have been killed and at least 15 injured in a bomb attack in a border town in north-eastern Lebanon, officials say.
The Brownie and Guide oath has been changed to remove the reference to God from a vow that has been part of the oath for more than 100 years.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at one of the UK's busiest ports has more than doubled in the past two years, new figures show.
Gibraltar is home to some of the world's most famous landmarks, including the Rock of Gibraltar and the Roman amphitheatre, but for many tourists, the only thing they see when they visit the Rock is the rock itself.
Ex-I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here star Luke Wright is set to buy a stake in non-league club Billericay Town, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places for the first time this season as they beat Rochdale to move up to third in the table.
A company has been fined £20,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck at a warehouse in Lincolnshire, leaving him with a broken leg.
The Irish government has failed to meet basic human rights standards in its response to the recession, according to a new report.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for a national education commission to be set up to improve standards in England's primary schools, saying they need to be "the best in the world".
The ancestors of the Basque people are descended from early farmers who mixed with local hunter-gatherers, according to a study of ancient DNA from Stone Age skeletons.
Burton Albion have released six players, including goalkeeper Scott McLaughlin, after their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a long time since we've been talking about 2016 - it's been almost a year since the last time we told you all about it.
A Welsh Labour minister has said he still supports Jeremy Corbyn, despite not being a fan of the party's UK leader.
A new sixth form college for Flintshire is set to open its doors for the first time in more than two years.
Burnley have signed Stoke City striker Jon Walters for an undisclosed fee, thought to be about £10m.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, who was one of Latin America's best-known comedy actors, has died in Mexico at the age of 83.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Kevin Duffy as their new head coach on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the current Super League season.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff while suffering from post-partum psychosis could have been saved if there had been a proper response to her cardiac arrest, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United are set to complete the signing of Villarreal defender Eric Bailly as manager Jose Mourinho's first signing since taking charge of the Premier League club.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has ordered a state of emergency to be put in place across the country after Charlie Hebdo published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in its paper edition.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife, Magda, decided to start their own business in the summer of 2012, they had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
A new maze in London has been built in honour of Sherlock Holmes, and it's got a special guest - the famous detective himself!
The US government's request for Apple to help it investigate the San Bernardino terror attack is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the United Nations has said.
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency in parts of the state following the spread of blue-green algae in rivers and beaches caused by polluted water from a lake.
Broadchurch will not return for any further series, the show's creator has said, as he announced the final episode of the drama will be its last.
A rollercoaster ride at Alton Towers is to reopen to the public next month, six months after a crash on the attraction left five people injured.
The Ospreys are to review their coaching structure following the departure of head coach Steve Johnson, according to director of rugby Mark Hore.
Taulupe Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso to make it two wins out of two in the Pro12.
Clermont Auvergne scrum-half Yoann Abendanon says he has changed his mind about playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy of only selecting domestic-based players.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen for the first time in more than 30 years, according to a survey by a think tank.
Who do you think is the greatest boxer of all time - Rocky Marciano, Muhammad Ali, Lennox Lewis, or Wladimir Klitschko?
The City of London's special representative to the EU has described France's approach to the UK's Brexit negotiations as the "worst I have had anywhere in the EU", according to a leaked document.
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill first took charge of the team at the last European Championship, German fans had to Google his name to find out who he was and what he was doing in the country.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored their first goals of the season as Leeds United beat Championship strugglers Burton Albion at Elland Road to move up to ninth in the table.
Nottinghamshire's Alex Hales hit a stunning 30-ball century as his side set a new T20 Blast record of 106-0 off the first six overs to beat Durham in their North Group game.
A man has spent his life savings to pay for a terminally-ill Yemeni girl to have life-saving cancer treatment in France after learning of her plight through a charity appeal.
Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles has warned his side they are not a "better side" than they were in their One-Day Cup defeat by Worcestershire.
A Channel Island lifeboat station has been temporarily taken over by volunteers for the first time since a row over the sacking of a coxswain was reported to the RNLI.
The fossilised remains of 20 dinosaur embryos, found in China, have been used to shed new light on the early stages of the animals' development.
Northern Ireland Under-21s beat Spain 1-0 in their Euro 2016 warm-up match to qualify for the finals of the tournament for the first time in their history.
An NHS trust has apologised "unreservedly" after a report into the deaths of more than 100 women and children at a hospital in Lancashire found it had missed opportunities to spot and treat a catalogue of serious incidents.
A campaign manager for US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a rally in Florida last month.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has long been known for its offroad prowess, but for the past few years it has been struggling to find a successor to its iconic Defender offroad vehicle, which has been in production for more than 30 years.
A mother accused of the manslaughter of her two-year-old son has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs to check on him while he was in the bath the day he died.
Five people have pleaded guilty to fraudulently winning a council by-election in which a Liberal Democrat candidate lost his seat by just one vote.
The Dismaland exhibition which attracted more than 150,000 visitors is to be taken to a migrant camp in France after organisers decided not to send it to the "Jungle" camp in Calais.
Rafael Nadal's Real Madrid team have condemned "unjustifiable and unacceptable" comments made by a former French government minister about the world number one tennis player.
A US aircraft carrier strike group ordered by President Donald Trump to head to North Korea has arrived in the Western Pacific, the US military has said, a week after it was first reported to be heading there.
A father and son accused of murdering a man in County Fermanagh have been remanded in custody in connection with the murder of another man in the Republic of Ireland, the High Court in Dublin has been told.
Some police stations in Bedfordshire could be closed and replaced with facilities in public areas such as supermarkets and public buildings, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said.
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Italian Open in Rome with a 6-4 6-3 6-2 victory.
Plans to build a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have moved a step closer after councillors agreed to fund a study of traffic congestion in the area.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo for an undisclosed fee from Benfica, subject to international clearance and a work permit.
The Great North Run is one of the world's biggest running events, attracting more than 100,000 runners from all over the world to the North of England every year.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was the subject of a bid from League One side Crewe Alexandra last season for the England Under-21 international, according to the club's director of football Les Collins.
Sri Lanka's former defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a huge weapons cache off the coast of Colombo last year, a court has heard.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended an election campaign ad that has caused controversy after it was released in the wake of the Orlando shooting in the US.
NHS bosses in England have agreed to change the way drugs are recommended for use in the health service in a bid to cut the cost of medicines.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington came from behind to beat Bradford at Valley Parade and move into the League One play-off places.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty and are turning to food banks, according to a new report by a Citizens Advice Scotland charity.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex's England fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Stourbridge manager Paul Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One Northampton Town was "one of the greatest nights" in the club's history.
Lyon and Besiktas were forced to play their Europa League first-round tie on the pitch after crowd trouble marred the start of the match at Parc Olympique Lyonnais in France.
As many as 2.5 million UK savers may not be protected by a scheme which protects savings of up to £1m, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has warned.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman from Norwich City on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Carlisle United and Dundee United midfielder Prince Buaben as one of five new signings ahead of the new Scottish Premiership season.
Wales Under-20s earned their first win of the World Rugby U20 Championship with a hard-fought victory over Italy in their final game of the tournament in Italy.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing 17 years ago have begun a search for his body.
Boreham Wood Ladies have been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Premier League to improve their Hive Stadium ground.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour for the national rugby union team, which will run until the end of the 2019-20 season.
Formula 1 bosses have reached an agreement on the future of the double points rule for next season, the BBC has learned.
Ed Miliband has told business leaders that they would be "devastated" if Britain were to leave the European Union, as he launched his election campaign with a pledge to "put the interests of Britain and British business first".
Leicester Tigers' Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-final win over Saracens on Saturday can be the " catalyst" for them to challenge for a top-four Premiership finish in the Premiership, says forwards coach Shaun Murphy.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League, with the visitors holding on for a 1-0 win at Moss Rose.
Three brothers have been jailed for a total of eight years after they admitted drugs offences relating to the seizure of cocaine with an estimated street value of more than £1m.
The British teenager dubbed the "teenage coder who made millions" for his news-summarisation app Summly has revealed he is considering a career move away from coding to become a software engineer at Yahoo.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is expected to be available for the first time since suffering a hamstring injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace on Boxing Day.
The Queen has been praised for her Norfolk accent as she prepares to celebrate her 90th birthday, her cousin has told the BBC.
A man has handed himself in to police after an armed siege at a Royal Bank of Scotland in Birmingham, in which a woman was held hostage by a man with a firearm.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley in which a man was seriously injured.
David Scott has resigned as British swimming's performance director following the publication of a report into the country's failure to reach its targets at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as he beat Michael Phelps in the men's 100m backstroke to deny the American his 22nd gold of the Games.
A six-year-old boy has applied to be the Football Association's new England Under-21 manager.
The Dangerous Dogs Act is "not effective" and should be scrapped, an MP has said, following the death of a toddler who was mauled to death by a dog which was not banned under the law.
Former world champion Mark Davis suffered a 10-2 defeat by England's Mark Selby in the first round of the World Championship qualifiers in Sheffield.
A man in his 20s has been seriously injured after he was attacked by a gang of men in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff on the Isle of Wight and breaking their leg.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in a chair and it became wedged between a wall and a wall.
The owners of an animalarium in Powys have been fined more than £1,000 after six endangered animals were found on display without a licence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has confirmed the death of Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of its most senior media leaders.
A man has been jailed for killing his partner by punching her on a platform at a Dorset railway station after a row over a domestic violence order.
A woman has died after she was hit by a bus at a bus depot in Londonderry, Translink has said.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as David Baker from County Antrim.
Williams are interested in signing Valtteri Bottas from Ferrari as a replacement for Jenson Button if the Finn leaves the team to drive for the Italian team next season.
Oscar-winning actor Roger Moore has said he was "never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred'" when he was asked to replace Sean Connery as James Bond in the next James Bond film.
Thousands of elderly people are facing "deeply concerning" delays in getting the care they need, according to a charity which has called for local authority election candidates to make care services an "urgent priority.
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares across the UK as part of a national atlas of mammals to help map the population of the animals.
A gang of four people have admitted selling hundreds of sick and abandoned puppies as home-reared pets in a fraud worth more than £300,000, a court has heard.
Four British men have appeared in court charged with international terrorism offences as part of an investigation into a suspected jihadist network in Iraq.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK, offering traditional pay-TV channels for the first time in the country.
The UK's Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted a ban on some discount hotel room deals, following an investigation into alleged price fixing by online travel agents.
(Close): London's benchmark FTSE 100 share index closed lower, with shares in Old Mutual falling sharply after its half-year results fell short of expectations.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100 for the second year in a row.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have six months to find a new home for 2016 after failing to secure a new lease for their Headingley ground, says chief executive Gary Carter.
Prince William has said he does not "lie awake at night waiting to be king", saying he takes his royal duties "very seriously" and does not take them "completely to heart".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has said he is "sorry" the 'deflate-gate' scandal has affected the sport after being cleared to play by a US judge.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) on the New York Stock Exchange in what could be the world's biggest technology listing this year.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and asked her to "bend over" a photocopier has been suspended for six months for gross misconduct, a disciplinary panel has ruled.
A council has been accused of being "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre which could cost up to Â£8m to repair.
The body of the Russian ambassador to Greece has been found in his Athens apartment, Greek police say, in what is believed to be the country's first unexplained death in the country since the assassination of its ambassador to Turkey, Andrei Karlov, in December.
Renault has told Formula 1 authorities it will not supply engine power to the Lotus team next year, the French company has told the sport's governing body.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group should be set up to help the BBC find a new home for its headquarters in the city centre.
A man and his dog have been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester while trying to retrieve their pet dog.
Thieves have targeted an industrial estate in Wolverhampton for the second time in a week, stealing more than £100,000 worth of machinery and jewellery.
An Indian police officer's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has sparked a debate on social media about whether there should be a law against such behaviour.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special, the BBC has announced, despite a fall last week that forced him to pull out of a variety show.
The UK is to extend its free trade deal with the world's poorest countries after it leaves the European Union, the government has announced.
A woman who uses a robotic exoskeleton to walk the Great North Run has become the first paralysed person to complete the race.
At least six people have been killed in an attack on the headquarters of Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security (NDS) in the diplomatic area of the capital, Kabul, officials say.
Rising property prices in China have forced millions of young people to move out of their parents' homes in a bid to buy their own homes.
Two more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his Nottinghamshire home more than four years ago.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma should step down, the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has said in a statement, accusing him of "crippling" the country's democracy.
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes in public toilets in Wales has been announced as part of a series of new measures to tackle tobacco and vaping.
Liverpool are "one of the superpowers of football" and will not sell Raheem Sterling, says manager Brendan Rodgers, who says the club will not be forced to sell the England forward.
The number of people over the age of 65 in the world is on the rise, according to the World Health Organization, with more than one in five people in the country now living in poverty, and the number of elderly people working for the first time has risen by more than 50%.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices and gains in Goldman Sachs and technology stocks.
Great Britain will host the blind and visually-impaired judo European Championships for the first time in more than five years at the end of the month.
A new NHS trust run by Staffordshire's County Hospital has been told it must make "significant improvements" to ensure its services are safe, effective and well-led.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is "disappointed" by the Rugby Football Union's decision to replace him with Gregor Townsend as head coach next season.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop sharing users' data with its parent company, after it changed its privacy policy to allow it to share information with the company.
Matthew Perry is not expected to appear on a Friends reunion special later this year, according to his spokeswoman, despite the show's 10th anniversary special being due to be broadcast on US network NBC in February.
Wales have been praised for their "fantastic performance" in the Euro 2016 tournament after they were knocked out of the tournament at the semi-final stage.
Members of the Muslim community are being invited to visit mosques across the UK to "de-mystify what Islam, Muslims and mosques are all about", as part of a day of "visit-my-mosque day".
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he is "absolutely committed" to the club and will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England manager's job.
A UK vote to leave the European Union would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy, the leaders of the world's biggest economies have warned, in a joint statement with IMF chief Christine Lagarde.
A former soldier who was awarded the Prince of Wales's bravery medal for his actions during the war in Iraq has been left with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and says he is struggling to cope with life in the civilian world after being discharged from the army.
The US Secret Service is investigating comments made by Donald Trump that gun rights supporters could stop Hillary Clinton from becoming president, the agency has said.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign against "broken promises" by Liberal Democrat MPs over the tuition fee increase in 2010.
The UK's new anti-trafficking commissioner has said he is "very concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria to work in the sex trade and as domestic servants.
Sitting for too long and not doing enough exercise may slow the rate at which people's cells age, a study suggests.
Police in Turkey have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in Istanbul and in the southern city of Izmir, where at least two people have been killed in clashes between police and demonstrators.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of this year compared to the same period last year, according to the latest official figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to author Neil Harris, who has called on the corporation to fulfil its "charter remit".
An MP's chief of staff has appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court charged with raping a woman at the Palace of Westminster.
A fire has broken out at a secondary school where GCSE students were waiting to collect their exam results, prompting a warning for residents to keep windows closed and stay inside.
Worcester Warriors full-back Stuart Hogg says the club need to get used to playing on a 4G pitch as they prepare for their new home for the 2016-17 season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the UK's general election on 8 June.
A hospital in Los Angeles has paid hackers $17,000 (Â£11,000) to unlock a computer virus that had locked its computer systems and forced staff to work from home.
British Eventing dressage rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital after she was seriously injured in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered in Syria has said he has no hatred for young people radicalised by extremism, and has urged people to show "love and compassion" to those affected by it.
A Commons committee is to be set up to examine the future of the job of clerk of the House of Commons, former chief secretary to the Treasury Jack Straw has said.
The daughter of a woman who was the first baby to be born on an air ambulance has become a cabin crew attendant with Loganair.
Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of being "out of touch" for comparing the death of Osama Bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks after he said it was "yet another tragedy".
Actress Angelina Jolie is to direct and star in a film about Kenyan conservationist John Leakey, about the man who led the fight against ivory poachers in the country, in a role she says she "can't wait to play".
The BBC has confirmed it's sold the rights to show the hit animated comedy Family Guy to a US TV network.
Wreaths will be laid at five locations across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising, one of the most important events in the Irish Republic's history.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland as part of the new Conservative Cabinet.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the UK's richest couple, according to the Sunday Times Rich List, with a combined fortune of £730m, the newspaper has said.
Cannabis smuggler and author Howard Marks, who wrote a best-selling book about his life in prison, has died at the age of 67.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side were not serious about winning the County Championship title when they were beaten by Middlesex in their final match of the season.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney knew last month that he was going to have to balance the books for next year's budget on the back of new powers he had won in the Holyrood election.
Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood could be taken away from him, Prime Minister David Cameron has said, amid calls for the disgraced former TV presenter to be stripped of his posthumous honours.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte had a bust-up on the touchline on Saturday.
Alloa Athletic manager Alex Goodwin says he has benefitted from taking himself out of the playing side of the game to give himself the best chance of succeeding in charge of the club.
Leicester City's decision to sack Claudio Ranieri as manager after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions has been described as "unbelievable, unforgivable and gut-wrenchingly sad".
An inquest into the death of a man who died of measles has been opened and adjourned after a post-mortem examination failed to establish whether the illness was the cause of his death.
A neo-Nazi accused of plotting the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he "probably did agree" with the man who killed her.
MPs have voted to give Parliament the power to trigger Article 50, the formal process for the UK to leave the European Union, despite a Labour rebellion.
The government has "swallowed a line" in its response to concerns about changes to business rates in England and Wales, an MP has said, saying the government is "out of touch" with the public.
Dover moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a comfortable victory over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new one-year contract with the county, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2017 season.
Firefighters involved in the rescue of the victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash have described the operation as the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers".
South Africa's competition commission has accused some of the country's biggest banks of colluding to manipulate the rand against the US dollar in order to boost their profits.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional "in the near future" after missing out on a place in Team GB's boxing squad at the Rio Olympics.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Neath Port Talbot since new speed cameras went into operation, figures have shown.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £1m have been seized by police in County Londonderry.
Russia's Duma - the upper house of parliament - is to consider two bills that would allow Russia to take over a neighbouring state's territory and make it a "subject" of the Russian Federation.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to proud of" in Scotland's education system, despite a drop in the number of teachers.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Edinburgh after he dropped off a man he had picked up in the centre of the city.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition after police found a cache of weapons at his home.
A new unisex toilet is to be built in a park in the Chinese capital, Beijing, to ease the problem of women having to wait in long queues to use public toilets, officials say.
It's the kind of story that would make headlines in the UK when senior politicians are caught with their pants down in the corridors of power.
The International Space Station (ISS) is one of the most popular tourist attractions on Earth but it is also home to some of the world's most important scientific research projects.
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley says manager Pep Guardiola has been a key factor in the club's improvement in recent weeks.
Plans to build a new main stand at Tynecastle have been approved by the Scottish Football Association.
In Brilon, a small town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Angela Merkel has been dancing to the tune of a brass band at a campaign rally for the Social Democratic Party (SPD) candidate, Martin Schulz.
Russia's ambassador to Ukraine has accused the US of "interfering flagrantly and unilaterally" in the country's internal affairs, days before Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to meet President Viktor Yanukovych in Sochi.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled the Welsh government can set minimum wages for agricultural workers in Wales after a long-running legal dispute, the Welsh Government has said.
Liam Payne and Niall Horan have confirmed they're staying in One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred the controversial Safe Abortion Act to a constitutional review committee after he refused to sign it into law, the BBC has learned.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on African leaders to give up foreign aid, saying it is "time to give it up".
Leyton Orient have signed Andreas Christensen from Fulham for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
A former Miami Dolphins football player has been rescued after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida, leaving him stranded in the water for more than 24 hours.
Northern Ireland's most senior police officer has said the failure to reach a deal between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn FÃ©in on the legacy of the past has been a "bitter pill" for victims' families.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music to mark the group's rise to stardom.
British pair Heather Watson and Naomi Broady were both knocked out in the first round of the Rogers Cup in Montreal, Canada, on Sunday.
Thailand's anti-corruption agency has charged former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that cost the state billions of dollars, a court has heard.
Ed Miliband has defended his "vanity stone" pledge stone, saying he wants to be the first politician in British politics for a generation to "under-promise and over-deliver".
Plans for a £50m shake-up of education in the Scottish Borders have moved a step closer with the submission of a planning application.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his chicken impression and appearances on the Royal Variety Performance, has died at the age of 91.
Leyton Orient's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Crawley in League Two.
A 10-year-old boy with autism has had his world "turned upside down" after his iPad was stolen from his home, his family has said.
A fall in the value of the pound after the Brexit vote is likely to "crush consumer spending" and slow the UK economy this year and next, a think tank has warned.
A group of street vendors are taking people on guided tours of Edinburgh in a bid to raise awareness of the city's homeless and under-privileged communities.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a legal bid for a judicial review of the government's handling of suicides at the jail.
Are you from Nepal and have you been affected by the earthquake that hit the country a year ago, or have you seen the impact it has had on the country now?
Critics have given The Dark Knight Rises, the latest Batman film, five star reviews, with one calling it "superhero filmmaking on an unprecedented scale" and another describing it as "a lucid, sinewy crime epic closer to Michael Mann's Heat and Coppola's Godfather".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season after he was released by the National League club.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced, and it's got a lot of female acts on it.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with mining stocks among the biggest fallers, as investors digested disappointing results from Anglo American and Centrica.
More than 4,000 athletes at the Rio Olympics had no record of drugs testing in 2016, according to a report into the anti-doping programme at the Games.
A suspicious package containing a white powder has been found at the Washington DC office of a Muslim rights group, prompting the evacuation of the building and a security alert.
Tributes have been paid to a mother-of-two who was strangled to death at a house in south-east London.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, the chairman of clothing firm Metersbonwe, has gone missing for several days, the company has said.
The BBC has a reputation for being very good at keeping secrets, especially when it comes to big news announcements.
An electronic prescribing system for medicines in Wales should be brought in as soon as possible, the Welsh Government has been told in a report by the Health and Social Care Ombudsman for Wales (WAO).
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after the company reported a fall in half-year profits and raised its target for cost-saving measures.
Plans to build a new railway line in the Highlands have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
This week's edition of the German press is a plea for Britain to vote to stay in the European Union - and a plea that the UK should not vote to leave, because it would be "catastrophic" for Britain, Germany and the rest of Europe.
A nurse who posted "sexually explicit and degrading" comments on Facebook about a patient has been sacked for gross misconduct.
Nigeria's first ever musical has opened in London's West End, bringing to life the story of a group of young graduates in the 1970s in the country.
YouTube has defended its treatment of musicians in a row with record labels over royalties, saying it is a "win-win" situation for content creators and the music industry.
A woman has been conned out of more than £50,000 after her email account was hacked, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after her car was involved in a crash with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of one of the world's largest sauropods - the long-necked, tree-trunked giants of the Jurassic period - to help answer some of the big questions about these very big animals, including how they could have walked on land.
Chile's foreign minister has called on the Venezuelan government to release a journalist who has been detained for more than a week in Caracas, saying it is "unacceptable" that he is not being allowed to see his lawyer.
Dogs could be banned from beaches and play areas in Dumfries and Galloway under plans being considered by councillors.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report, which showed the US economy added more than twice as many jobs than expected in November.
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans could be invited to the unveiling of a new memorial to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict, organisers have said.
Motorists are being urged to allow extra time for their journeys this weekend as millions of people head out for Easter getaways and bank holiday celebrations.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany in which the bus caught fire and burst into flames, police say.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England slumped to a crushing nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 at Old Trafford to lose the three-match series 2-1 and lose the series 3-1.
A memorial plaque has been unveiled in Wigan in memory of a teacher who was murdered by a student at her former school.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will always work with Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood "in the best interests of our two countries" and that there is "no reason why Plaid can't win in Wales".
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an incident in which a train guard was spat at by a passenger on board a train.
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a former minister to death for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots, in which 97 people, including an infant, were killed.
Bangladeshi police have released the names of five of the men they believe to have carried out a deadly attack on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor is set to be allowed to use 8oz gloves in his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August after the Irishman applied for a waiver to fight with 10oz gloves.
An Australian court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors half-back Ben Flower has been banned for two games after being found guilty of dangerous play for an elbow to the head of St Helens' Ben Flower in the Super League game between the sides on Saturday.
Nasa, the US space agency, has announced its plan to send humans to Mars, the Red planet, in a bid to help us learn more about our own planet, and to find out if there is alien life there too.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a sharp fall in fourth-quarter revenue, as investors digested the impact of its split into two separate companies.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 200 hostages from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-eastern Sambisa Forest, including some of the schoolgirls abducted by the group last year.
Israel's Jerusalem planning committee has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in two Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank, the BBC has learned.
Former Netherlands captain Patrick Kluivert scored on his return to the club as Ajax beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie for the first time since his father Patrick played for the club in the 1990s.
The number of homes sold in the UK fell to its lowest level for more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club, but believes he can turn things around if he stays at the club.
Oscar hopeful La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have set a new world record for the largest naan bread, which was cooked in a single sitting.
Edinburgh is gearing up for its annual three-week arts festival, which begins on Sunday with the opening of the International Festival and the Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo.
A 15-year-old boy who raped and sexually abused five girls has been jailed for three years and four months.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank, which has been at the centre of a corruption scandal, is to be replaced, the Vatican has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new opinion poll, despite warnings from his rivals that his victory would be a "disaster" for the party.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to supporters of ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, amid protests against the move.
JP Morgan has confirmed it is planning to move some jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for the UK leaving the European Union after Brexit.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford produced a superb long jump to win the men's long jump at the Great Manchester City Games, which took place in the wake of Monday's terror attack in the city.
Babies and young children who are overweight are more likely to become obese because they are eating larger portions of food than healthy weight children, research suggests.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to be re-elected after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) dropped its bid to remain in the assembly following a vote of no confidence.
A breast cancer patient who was denied a life-extending drug after being told she could not have it has said it was "barbaric" to be told she would not be able to get it on the NHS.
Tranmere moved up to third in the National League with a convincing win at Dover, who have now lost their last three games in a row.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club have been ordered to pay compensation to a fan who accused them of defamatory comments on social media.
Britain's Chris Froome is on course to become the first man to win three Tour de France titles after winning stage 20 on Saturday, the penultimate stage of the race in the Alps.
Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece, the Glasgow School of Art, is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year.
Queen of the South have signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on loan until the end of the season, with manager Stephen Naysmith saying both players are "lucky" to have joined the Championship club.
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Ballymena man Michael McIlhagga.
A salvage team has begun an initial survey of the stricken drilling rig Deepwater Horizon in preparation for a more detailed assessment of the structure on Wednesday.
A collection of World War Two medals belonging to a 92-year-old man have been stolen during a burglary at his home.
The use of fireworks in back gardens is "rubbish" and should be banned, an MP has said, calling for a ban on all displays to be licensed by the government.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying to be the two leading candidates in the race for the party's nomination for November's election.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in Bradford in the 1980s has made a complaint against five former bishops and the Archbishop of York over the alleged misconduct of one of them.
Jockeys are "unhappy" about the prospect of racing on Good Friday for the first time next year, according to the head of the British Horseracing Authority's jockeys' union.
More women should be appointed to public sector jobs and companies should be banned from bidding for public sector contracts in Wales, according to a new report by a group of women in Welsh politics.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal next season and will hold talks with his team-mates once the Gunners return from their pre-season tour of Australia.
One of the Paris attackers who killed 130 people in November's attacks has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media reports say.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the BMW PGA Championship.
Ruweyda is a seven-year-old girl from Manchester in the UK who can't speak in front of her family or friends.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from the wreck of a ship that sank in 1941 may not have been recorded in official records, according to the National Trust for Scotland.
A prehistoric encampment found near Stonehenge in Wiltshire has been identified as the UK's earliest Mesolithic site, archaeologists have said.
The UK leaving the European Union would cost every household £850 a year in income in the short term, according to a new report by a think tank.
Wolves secured their place in the Championship play-offs with a hard-fought victory at Leeds, who missed out on a play-off place for the first time this season.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has spoken out about her decision not to fight for more money when she was offered a role in the Sony Pictures film, American Hustle, because she did not want to seem "difficult" or "spoiled".
A man who was seriously injured when a powerboat he was travelling in overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton is "stable and improving", his family has said.
Glacial lakes are forming on one of the world's most famous glaciers, scientists say, a warning that mountaineers could be in danger of being unable to climb Mount Everest because of the rising water levels.
A look at some of the key stories across the world of sport this week:.
Pope Francis has pardoned the former butler of Pope Benedict XVI after he was found guilty of leaking confidential documents from the pontiff's office to the media.
The stars of the new Star Trek film, Star Trek Beyond, have welcomed the revelation that Hikaru Sulu, the character played by George Takei in the film's latest instalment, is gay.
The results of Thursday's local and assembly elections have been announced, as well as the results of the mayoral elections in London and the Scottish and Welsh elections, and the Holyrood elections in Scotland and Wales.
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has defended the government's welfare reforms, insisting they are not intended to hurt or harm disabled people.
Eugene has defended its decision to be awarded the 2021 World Athletics Championships, saying it followed all IAAF rules, despite criticism from Gothenburg's bid team.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign from the Conservative Party and force a by-election if the party backs a third runway at Heathrow Airport, despite the party promising to "take account" of a report on the issue.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Kidderminster Harriers and boost their play-off hopes.
A new minister in Myanmar's new government has been forced to resign after he was caught using a fake university degree on his CV, the BBC has learned.
An inquest into the death of a boy who was shot in the head with a rubber bullet by a soldier has been told there is a "significant risk" to the health of the former soldier who fired the shot.
The BBC has scrapped its controversial chat show-style format for this year's Wimbledon highlights show, Today at Wimbledon, the corporation has confirmed.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of "several hundred thousand pounds" for repairs to a river wall which collapsed on to their house, leaving them unable to live in their home.
A County Armagh man who stole more than £110,000 from a law firm to take up a partnership has been jailed for three years and four months.
Marcus Rashford's stoppage-time winner gave Manchester United their first Premier League win of the season and ended Hull City's 100% start to the season with a dramatic victory at Old Trafford.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup for the first time in 40 years.
Judith Pomsel, who served as the Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels' secretary during World War Two, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" a Russian incursion into its airspace over Turkey on Saturday that it says led to the downing of a Turkish F-16 fighter jet.
Swansea City will pay for supporters' tickets for the final two games of the Premier League season if they are relegated from the Championship, thanks to the generosity of midfielder Leon Britton.
At least 40 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say, in the latest in a series of deadly attacks in the country.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died of blood poisoning at an overcrowded London hospital has heard she should have been diagnosed with sepsis much earlier.
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him for three months for sending "inaccurate and misleading" information to a member of the public.
Curzon is to be honoured at this year's Bafta Film Awards for its "extraordinary contribution" to the British film industry.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 1-0 defeat by Barrow is their "toughest challenge to date" despite the defeat in the National League.
Dominika Cibulkova and Angelique Kerber will meet in the final of the WTA Finals for the second year in a row after reaching the semi-finals in Singapore.
Prime Minister David Cameron has backed calls for councils to sell off social housing in the most expensive areas of the UK in a bid to raise money to build more affordable homes, but Labour has said such a move would push the least well-off into new ghettos.
Guernsey's table tennis team beat Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games in Gotland to win their first gold medal of the 2015 event.
(Close): The FTSE 250 share index closed higher on Tuesday, with shares in Carillion leading the way after the construction firm said it had appointed EY to help with its strategic review.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career, and says they are "the best team I have played against" in his own career.
The BBC should make a spin-off series of The Apprentice to showcase the success of previous winners, the show's host Lord Sugar has told the BBC.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery after he suffered severe head injuries in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix last year.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a park in Leeds.
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion and fire that ripped through a town in central Mexico after a fuel pipeline burst, officials say.
A British boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence after he admitted assaulting his girlfriend and causing criminal damage to her home.
Six churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants of more than £500,000 to help fund repairs to their historic buildings.
At least seven people have been killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack on a rebel-held area of the Syrian city of Aleppo, Russian media say.
Great Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in a dramatic men's singles final to become the first Briton to win two Olympic golds in tennis.
The BBC has been talking about a dog called Arthur, who is a rescue dog who was abandoned by his owner and found by a family in the UK.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a "warm welcome" from Canada's governor general as they arrived in Ottawa for their first official tour of the country as a married couple.
Wales Air Ambulance is to carry new incubators on board its helicopters for the first time to help save the lives of newborn babies, the charity has announced.
A bald eagle has returned to its nest at a Perthshire nature reserve for the first time in more than 50 years.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a rape charity following her role as a rape counsellor in the BBC One drama Broadchurch.
For Volkswagen, the reaction to the revelations that it deliberately tried to game tests supposed to reduce pollution will be as vital in determining the long term damage to the company as the fact of the original offence.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following the conclusion of a disciplinary procedure, the club have confirmed.
England's Luke Donald has been named as the new host of next year's British Masters at The Grove at Royal Troon, which will be held from 7-9 May.
Bristol City have held talks with former Watford defender Martin Olsson about a possible move to Ashton Gate, says head coach Lee Johnson.
Chris Rea was only eight years old when he was handed footage of Wolfgang Alexander von Trips' holiday films from 1957 to 1960 as he embarked on an F1 odyssey from a dusty museum's loft to the Monaco Grand Prix track where it all began for the Northern Ireland driver.
A top al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US media report, in what is believed to be the first such attack in the country in more than two years.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire drug dealer in a turf war has told a jury it was a "stupid idea" for him to approach his victim's car with a knife and banged on the window to make him "scared".
Plans to redevelop a former gay pub into flats have been given the go-ahead with a condition that it must be a lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBT) venue.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined three Irish boxers, Michael Conlan, Michael Donnelly and David Fowler, for betting on boxing events at the Rio 2016 Games.
One of David Cameron's most senior cabinet ministers has said he will campaign for the UK to leave the European Union in June's referendum on whether to remain in the bloc.
For 70 years, my father has lived with the shame of what happened to his ship, HMS Hebe, during the evacuation of Dunkirk during World War Two, but now he is celebrating his 98th birthday.
A head teacher at a Lincolnshire primary school has offered his staff a 'duvet day' to help tackle a shortage of teachers, including himself and his cleaner.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban his country's Paralympic athletes from next month's Rio Games, saying it was a "disgrace to our country and our sport".
A Powys town's library is to be taken over by a secondary school in a bid to save £1.5m over the next three years, the council has said.
A powerful earthquake has struck south-eastern Japan, hours after a powerful quake struck the same area on Thursday, causing extensive damage and triggering a tsunami warning.
A man has died in a house fire in Greater Manchester, the fire service has said.
A former County Londonderry and Lavey footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £500,000 from a quarry company.
A new £1.2m community centre in Carmarthenshire has opened its doors to the public.
Nato's failure to investigate the deaths of dozens of civilians in Libya last year is "deeply disappointing", a leading human rights group has said in a report.
A symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled because of security concerns, it has been announced.
Plans for a "vertical pier" which will be the first of its kind in the UK have been given the go-ahead by Teesside County Council.
Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Great North Run for the third time in four years and set a new British record in the process at the IPC World Championships in London.
UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura has announced the resumption of talks on a political solution to the conflict in Syria, which he says will begin on Monday and last for a week.
Great Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow in August, despite the loss of UK Sport funding in the build-up to the Rio Olympics.
A teenager has been released on bail after he was arrested in connection with an incident in Londonderry in which a man was stabbed in the leg.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has joined forces with the US Marine Corps to sue the Pentagon over its refusal to allow women to serve in combat roles in the armed forces.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced last month that he was to step down from the papal throne, it came as a surprise to many in the Roman Catholic Church.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod yn rhaid i awdurdodau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gwe
An investigation has been launched into why the first fire engine to arrive at a blaze in Suffolk took more than 15 minutes to get to the scene of the blaze.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take "a few risks" in Saturday's Test against New Zealand in Auckland as he returns to the venue where he was sent off for the first time in five years.
Cole Stockton's second-half strike gave Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover at Prenton Park as they moved into the National League play-off places.
Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers scored their first goals of the season as Grimsby ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have had to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi to collect the results of spoiled ballots, as the country's presidential and parliamentary elections continue to be delayed.
Russian police have carried out a series of raids on the homes of suspected members of Japan's Aum Shinrikyo cult, as part of an investigation into the group's alleged links to a deadly 1995 attack in Tokyo, Russian media report.
Kenya's Mary Keitany Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's marathon as Bahrain's Lelisa Kirwa took silver in a race dominated by Ethiopia's Tsegaye Tufa.
A car that featured in the opening credits of the 1976 Likely Lads film has been reunited with its former owner for the first time in more than 40 years.
Britain's Jo Pavey won the women's 3,000m steeplechase at the World Championships in London at the age of 37 to become the oldest woman to win a gold medal at a major championships.
The former finance minister who resigned from the Stormont Executive over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal was the first minister to be replaced by a Sinn Féin member of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Peter Morgan, who has been found guilty of murdering his lover Georgina Symonds, was a man with Asperger syndrome with a history of mental health problems, but his trial was dominated by his obsession with the woman he thought would be his "perfect" partner.
A new type of cricket helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia's former Test captain Phillip Hughes last year.
Mae dyn wedi cyfaddef ei chael yn euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth yng Nghymru
Millwall will face Barnsley in the League One play-off final at Wembley after coming from behind to draw with Bradford City in the second leg of their semi-final at The Den.
A fly-tipper has been fined after he dumped Â£10,000 worth of waste on the side of a road, causing a "potential danger to the public", a court has heard.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to tear away its own skin when it is attacked - and grow it back scar-free in a matter of weeks.
US tech giant Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $5bn (Â£3.5bn) fine in China after the country's anti-monopoly regulator ruled it broke the law by charging too much for mobile phone chips.
Morocco's new coach Herve Renard, who led Zambia and Ivory Coast to the 2012 and 2014 Africa Cup of Nations titles, faces a tough start to his reign as he takes charge of Africa's second-tier side for the first time.
Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the "best left-back in the country" in his Scotland squad despite missing out on a call-up for the first time.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran's Do They Know It's Christmas? and Simon Cowell's Band Aid 30 to the top spot.
More than a quarter of A-level students in England are not taking A-levels in schools in their council area, according to analysis of figures from 27 local authorities.
EastEnders has been named best soap at the Inside Soap Awards, beating Emmerdale, EastEnders and Doctor Who to the prize for best soap.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £500,000 have been found in the grounds of a former cinema in Cardiff.
The deportation of a Bangor student is "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students (NUS) has said.
Police are investigating claims a Cardiff college may have colluded with prospective students deliberately to defraud the student finance system by falsifying academic records and records of attendance, the Welsh government has said.
Canadian police have arrested a man accused of trying to smuggle drugs across the US-Canada border after he allegedly fired a gun at US border patrol agents and then fled on foot, officials say.
A piece of rocket wreckage found washed up on the Isles of Scilly last month is to be thrown away by the US rocket company SpaceX, the Receiver of Wreck has confirmed.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, who was acquitted of murdering her six-year-old daughter in 2011, has said she is "okay" with her life after being released from prison.
The South Korean government has said North Korea has kept 70% of wages paid to its workers at a jointly run industrial zone in the North, in a row over the closure of the Kaesong complex.
Manchester City have been fined £100,000 for failing to provide accurate information about players' training sessions and player whereabouts to the UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD).
A former nursery worker has appeared in court charged with child sex offences, including rape and sexual exploitation of a child, West Midlands Police have said.
More than a third of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas spending this year, according to a survey for BBC Radio Sheffield.
England missed out on a place in the last 16 of the European Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final Group B game under Roy Hodgson.
A student who lost her hand in a nightclub has said she is "devastated" she could not find it when she woke up the next day and realised it was missing.
Pako Ayestaran has replaced Gary Neville as head coach of Valencia, saying he would not have taken the job if he had not agreed with the former Manchester United and England defender.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a "miraculous recovery" after the weapon narrowly missed his brain and vital organs, the RSPCA has said.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government workers, US officials say, in the latest attack on the US intelligence community.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age for workers to 69, the country's central bank, the Bundesbank, has said in a report.
Bath have signed two new players ahead of the 2016-17 Premiership season after agreeing a two-year contract extension with the Premiership club.
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the second stage of the Tour of Britain as Dutch rider Amy Pieters retained her overall lead with victory in the women's road race.
A woman in her 60s has died after her car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M1 in County Armagh on Saturday morning.
The shortlist for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Tuesday, with the show returning to its home city of Leeds for the 60th time.
The Northern Ireland Executive's decision to appoint a new press secretary has been criticised by the Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV) and the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) for breaching the law.
Two youths suffered burns to their faces when a bonfire they were trying to extinguish caught fire in Larbert, Stirlingshire, in the early hours of Bonfire Night.
Tennis is one of the fastest-growing sports in the world, with the number of top players in the sport at an all-time high, thanks to the rise of players such as Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Roger Federer, and Stan Wawrinka.
A search is under way for the remains of a Pembrokeshire village which was wiped out by storms more than 100 years ago, it has been claimed.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park in front of a sell-out crowd of more than 40,000.
Last week, the Syrian army launched a major offensive against rebel-held areas in the north-east of the country, in what was seen as a major setback for the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
England's Ian Poulter moved into a three-shot lead at the halfway stage of the BMW PGA Championship at Royal Birkdale after a weather-delayed second round.
It's easy to see the media's frustration at the lack of political hustings as a reflection of the general election campaign as a whole, and the fact that there's been so few of them so far, and so little of them for the main parties.
Two Welsh cities hoping to become the next UK City of Culture have said they want to spend more than £50m on their bid for the title.
The UK government's stake in Lloyds Banking Group has fallen below 20% for the first time since the financial crisis.
Typhoon Chan-hom has brought torrential rain and strong winds to parts of China's Zhejiang province as it continues to batter the country's east coast, state media say.
Scientists in the UK have created a set of DNA-like molecules that mimic the functions of DNA and can pass on genetic information to other molecules, in the lab.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at why Kenya is once again gripped by a political crisis that threatens to burn the country to the ground.
Police in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 100 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline in the state, bringing the number of arrests since August to more than 600.
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days after his parents briefly left him alone on a mountain road as a punishment has been found safe and well after being given food and water by a soldier.
A soldier who carried the Olympic torch for the first time has been inundated with requests to become a friend on Facebook, but the social media site has told him he cannot do so because he is not a public figure.
Northampton Town's Ayoze Toney says he has experienced homesickness since moving from Newcastle United to League Two, but says he is adapting well to life in the Premier League.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in a Teesside street.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug smuggling network that made more than $2bn (Â£1.5bn) over the last five years.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer.
The Asia Pacific is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2016, according to a report by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Economic Forum (WEF).
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in her home.
Iraqi forces have retaken control of Mosul's international airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, as part of an offensive to retake the city of Mosul from the jihadist group.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International has made a bid for the Portuguese healthcare firm ESS, which is being put up for sale by the Espirito Santo family.
"It's like Darwin's theory that cancer survives through Darwinian evolution," says the head of one of the UK's leading centres for cancer research.
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Derby.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in their history after winning the Premiership and European Champions Cup last season, says captain Mike Barritt.
A millionaire from Exeter who was killed by his Ukrainian wife in a hit-and-run has been found guilty of murder, an inquest has heard.
All the papers report on the prospect of a Linfield v Celtic match at Windsor Park on the same day as the Twelfth of July parade in Belfast.
Shakespeare is one of the most famous writers in the world, and many people believe that he wrote the play, Hamlet, in his spare time.
Scottish teacher Hannah Inglis has opened her left eye for the first time since she was seriously injured in an accident in Vietnam.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi llun o hysbyseb y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Nghymru ar ei thudalen Facebook ddydd Llun wedi cael ei ddile
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury and will miss the Ebor Festival in August.
Plans to set up a site for travellers' pitches in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
A court in Madrid has begun the trial of former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Dominique Rato and two former Bankia board members, including ex-Bankia boss Antonio Rato, on charges of fraud and money laundering.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "very honoured and flattered" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival to mark his 20th anniversary at the meeting.
William "Plum" Smith, the former chairman of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), has died at his home in Belfast at the age of 83.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing drugs tests, the sport's governing body has confirmed.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a "good partner" with Egypt and support the country's democracy, as she arrived in Cairo to discuss the political crisis in the country.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of an excavator at a water treatment works, police have said.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" Russia's reported deployment of cruise missiles to a Russian exclave in the Baltic region, saying it is "deeply concerned" by the move.
Wigan Warriors have signed half-back Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee for the remainder of the 2016 season.
Oxford United were held to a draw by Newport County in League Two, despite being the better side for much of the second half at Rodney Parade.
A new system has been launched to give trainee doctors a first-hand experience of what it is like to work as a GP in real-time.
Keanu Reeves' new documentary looks at the transition from film to digital formats and the impact they have on the industry, with a cast that reads like a Who's Who of Hollywood's best-known film-makers and a host of behind-the-scenes secrets.
A "photobomb" bird has appeared in a photograph taken by a photographer at a railway station in north Wales, causing a stir on social media.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has told his players that they will not be allowed to play for other clubs next season if they do not live in the city.
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to two counts of making indecent images of children and one of making threats to kill after he appeared in court charged with possessing a indecent image of a child.
Swedish retailer H&M is to open its first High Street store in London as part of a plan to launch a new fashion brand in Europe.
The winner of a competition to find the world's heaviest tomato will be decided by a series of tests on plants growing at a North Yorkshire flower show.
A children's TV channel has been nominated for three Bafta Children's Awards for its series Refugee and Horrible Histories for its special episode of Shakespeare's The Bard.
Sevilla won the La Liga title for the third year in a row as they beat Atletico Madrid 2-0 in the final game of the season on Sunday to complete a domestic treble in Spain.
The Bank of England has published its five-year "stress test" for the UK's biggest banks, which will assess their ability to cope with a global economic crisis.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of defender Marquinhos from Roma for a fee that could rise to £25m, subject to a work permit.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with dangerous driving after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 in Kent, causing a serious injury to a motorcyclist.
A house has been destroyed in a fire at a bungalow in Aberdeenshire after it was engulfed in flames overnight.
The mother of a British man accused of trying to shoot Donald Trump has said her son is "terrified" of his sentence after he pleaded guilty to a gun charge in the US.
One of the publishers of Apple's forthcoming news app has said he does not want to be bound by the terms of the deal it has struck with the firm, amid concerns that they could be liable for legal action if Apple is sued.
Legislation to deal with cyber-bullying is needed to protect children and young people in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would in all probability not have died if he had not taken it, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people, including young children and elderly residents, had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire was started deliberately and caused by a wheelie bin, police have said.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the north-western province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in response to an attack by the Pakistani Taliban.
A US judge has ordered the White House and the Secret Service to release records of who has visited President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, since he took office.
These are some of the new species of animals and plants discovered in the Mekong delta in South East Asia last year, which conservationists say could be one of the world's most biologically diverse regions.
A man who carried out a "terrifying" sex attack on a woman in a Kent street in June 2014 has been jailed for four years and four months.
Scientists say they have found a way to hack the nerves of the body that could lead to a new class of miniaturised medicines for diabetes and other diseases.
A motorcyclist has died and a nine-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash with a car in east London.
Police have launched a major search operation for a 70-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than 24 hours.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour's leader is the leader of the opposition for statutory and parliamentary purposes, despite the party losing two-thirds of its MPs to the SNP.
A private equity firm has ruled itself out of the formal takeover process for Alliance Trust, the Northern Ireland-based asset management firm.
Ian Keatley's injury-time drop-goal failed to give Munster a dramatic win over Edinburgh in a thrilling Pro12 encounter at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply on Monday after the supermarket group said it was in talks with US rival Amazon over a possible deal to buy the online retailer.
European gas and oil prices have risen sharply on concerns that Russia could cut supplies to Europe via Ukraine, which has been at the centre of a political crisis between the two countries.
Ipswich Town defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season, according to manager Mick McCarthy.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to come up with a single design for the cockpit head protection system they want to introduce into their 2017 cars.
Lithium may be a "key piece of the ageing puzzle", according to University College London (UCL) researchers, who have found it can extend the lifespan of animals and prevent Parkinson's disease.
More than 30 children from the Jungle migrant camp in Calais are due to be moved to a temporary home in Devon, the BBC has learned.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Vladimir Isturiz, has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum, as opposition politicians prepare to start collecting signatures for the process.
Proposals to extend the Premiership season from nine months to 10 have "serious implications" for players, the Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has said.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" wind warning for Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 150km/hr in exposed areas, with the possibility of trees coming down and damage to power lines.
Malala Yousafzai has said she will "never forget" the more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls who were abducted by Islamist militants in 2014.
Glamorgan's batsmen struggled on day one of the first day-night game of the new pink-ball season against Derbyshire as they were bowled out for 138 on a rain-affected day at Derby.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found near a mosaic in Hyde Park in central London.
Sailings on the Stornoway-Ullapool-Stornoway route were cancelled on Thursday after a fault with a new high-speed ferry caused it to be withdrawn from service.
A woman who was raped in the 1970s has written to the director of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), Alison Saunders, to ask for an investigation into why the case was dropped before she was interviewed by police.
Tunisia and Morocco have been drawn in the same group for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying draw, ending a long-running dispute with the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
France stunned England to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time since 2003 with a clinical victory at Twickenham that ended the hosts' hopes of a first major tournament title since 2003.
Great Britain taekwondo's youngest ever Olympic gold medallist has been selected to take part in the Austrian Open in June after being selected from a record number of applicants for a national training programme.
More than 200,000 people have signed a petition calling on a US judge to overturn a jail sentence given to a student who sexually assaulted a female student at the University of California, Berkeley.
A new visitor centre is to be built at Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) as part of a £3.5m revamp of the site, it has been announced.
The front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers were dominated by the prospect of an SNP victory in the Holyrood election as the polls closed in the early hours of the morning.
A fire at a disused railway site in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately set, police have said.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Joe Ward on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move in the summer.
Former North Wales Police chief David Anglesea is to launch an appeal against his conviction for child sex abuse, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said it will vote for the UK to remain in the European Union in the referendum on the country's membership.
French actress Michelele Morgan, who won the Cannes Film Festival's Palme d'Or and the Cesar award for best actress in a film in 1946, has died in Paris at the age of 91.
The leaders of the EU's 28 member states are meeting in Brussels to try to reach a deal on how to deal with the migrant crisis, and they are expected to agree on a number of key proposals.
The opening of a new £1.2bn bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre, the latest in a series of sinkholes to open up in the city in the past two months.
A new £20m university campus on the Yorkshire coast has opened its doors to the public.
Work has begun to restore part of the Swansea to Swansea canal as part of a £1.5m project to reopen it to the public for the first time in more than 60 years.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first high-end burger chain, has been bought by the owner of Nando's for a reported £100m.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game touchline ban and Greenock Morton counterpart Jim Duffy banned for two games for his part in the post-match fracas between the sides.
England are through to the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 for the first time since 2010 after a thrilling seven-run win over Sri Lanka in Delhi.
It's one of the most ambitious video game projects in the history of the video game industry, a game that promises to be the biggest and most ambitious space game ever made.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win an Olympic gold medal on home soil as he and Katherine Glover and Helen Stanning became the first British women to win rowing and cycling gold medals at the London Games.
Great Britain's hopes of winning the America's Cup suffered a second successive defeat on the third day of racing in the first round of the qualifiers in Bermuda.
When the Pro12's chief executive Dave Dodson told the BBC's Andrew Browne last month that the competition needed a radical shake-up if it was to survive, he wasn't just talking about the future of the competition, he was talking about its very existence.
When Alfred Russel Wallace first published his theory of natural selection in 1858, he was one of the most famous scientists in the world and his work was widely regarded as the key to the discovery of the theory of evolution by natural selection.
Leinster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Scarlets at the RDS.
Shakespeare Lives, a project to mark the 400th anniversary of his death, has been launched by the British Council as part of a drive to promote the work of the playwright around the world.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in federal funds to improve relations between police and black communities, in the wake of protests in Ferguson, Missouri.
Bombardier has announced that its new CS300 jet has been given the go-ahead to take to the skies by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to shut down schools in the city after receiving a bomb threat, saying it was the "right thing to do" after a similar threat in New York earlier this month.
Northern Ireland Under-19s were held to a 1-1 draw by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Women's Euro 2017 finals in Ballymena on Wednesday night.
Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner for the 2017-18 Elite League season.
Virgin Media has admitted that it "misrepresented" the number of homes and businesses connected to its Project Lightning high-speed broadband scheme.
Arriva Trains has said some of its high-speed trains have been taken out of use while it carries out "essential maintenance work" on its fleet.
David Cameron must make clear that he will not abandon his pledge to cut net migration to 100,000 if he wins the EU referendum, a Labour MP has said, as the Remain campaign urged voters to back Leave.
The director of a 1980s play about the attempted rape of a young Druid by a Roman soldier in Britain, Ivan Bogdanov, says he felt like "a symbol of freedom of expression" when he was taken to court for staging a sex scene on stage.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a race up a hill in a Gloucestershire town famous for its cheese-making history.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has given away a further $10bn (Â£6.5bn) in shares to charity, making him the richest person in the world for the third time in less than a decade, according to US regulatory documents.
A UKIP member has said he will not vote for any of the party's candidates in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as leader, including anti-Islam campaigner Diane Waters.
When you are the world's most decorated Olympian, you would think you would have plenty of time to prepare for the 2020 Tokyo Games - but not when you are pregnant.
Lithuania's Natalia Meilutyte set a new world record in qualifying for the 200m freestyle final at the World Championships as Britain's Sophie Allen and Siobhan-Marie O'Connor missed out on places in the final.
Bristol City moved three points off the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought win over Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate.
Former Ospreys scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the Wales squad after being involved in an incident outside a restaurant in Cardiff city centre on New Year's Day.
Uncertainty over the impact of Brexit on the UK's manufacturing sector has continued to weigh on business confidence, according to a survey of firms.
A majority of West Ham fans have voted in favour of a game between the club's men's and women's teams at Upton Park.
People on benefits in Scotland are "living in constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlements, according to a study of the Scottish government's work and pensions reforms.
Two accountants involved in the Oscars mix-up that saw La La Land mistakenly named best film instead of Moonlight win the best picture award have been given police protection, it has been reported.
A Port Talbot community organiser has said he is concerned about Tata Steel's decision to change the way it runs its European operations.
Theresa May has told EU leaders she would like to see the issue of the rights of UK citizens living in the EU dealt with in the early part of Brexit talks, Downing Street has said.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people it says it has banned from entering the country, including former British intelligence chiefs and senior EU officials, the EU has said.
Two rival street gangs in Honduras say they have agreed to end their long-running turf war, in what is believed to be the first such truce in the Central American country since the civil war of the 1980s.
GoPro's chief executive has announced that his company is to launch a drone that can carry one of its Hero4 cameras.
Plans to cut home-to-school transport subsidies for children in Gloucestershire have been shelved after councillors said it was "a little too soon" to make the cuts.
Tiger Woods is back in action at the Dubai Desert Classic on Sunday as he continues his latest comeback from injury, but the tournament will not be the only event where he will be joined by a player who has already secured his European Tour card.
Councils in England have been hit by funding cuts of up to 40% in real terms since 2010, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce and Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez say they will have to fight "right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker star Mark Lee has been fined for defrauding a fan out of £1,600 after he failed to deliver a snooker cue he had promised to send to him.
A US woman charged with child sex offences against a 15-year-old girl in Wrexham has had the case against her dropped.
Phones running the Android operating system will get a major security update later this week, Google has said.
A woman has been jailed for six years for killing her unborn baby by poisoning it with a drug she bought online, a court has heard.
England wrapped up a 3-0 one-day series win over West Indies with a seven-wicket victory in the fifth and final match in Antigua to complete a 4-0 series whitewash.
Olympic bronze medallist Jo Sotherton says she is "open to the discussion" of changing javelin and heptathlon world records in a bid to stop them being scrapped.
Three hospitals in Bristol have gone on "black alert", meaning they are unable to cope with the number of patients coming into A&E, the NHS has said.
David Cameron has said the UK will continue to work "very closely" with China, despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister scored a late equaliser to earn Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot, who finished the game with 10 men after being reduced to 10 men in the first half.
A number of cars have been vandalised in a series of overnight attacks in the north of Edinburgh, police have said.
At least five people have been killed in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state as heavy rain and strong winds continue to batter parts of the country, with more than 200,000 homes still without power.
Final Frontier Design, a New York-based start-up that designs and manufactures space suits for commercial space tourism, is hoping to be the first company to design a spacesuit for people who want to go into space.
Police in Italy have arrested dozens of people accused of running a "money printing operation" for organised crime at an immigrant centre that was allegedly being used as a hideout for a mafia clan.
A Florida man has been found guilty of killing his estranged wife and posting a picture of her dead body on Facebook, saying he wanted to "show off" the " macabre trophy" he had made of her.
Newport Gwent Dragons hooker Rhys Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to figures obtained by the Labour Party.
The Indian government has filed a lawsuit against Vodafone in a long-running dispute over unpaid taxes in India, the country's top court has ruled.
Ole Solskjaer's time at Manchester United brought him six Premier League titles, two FA Cups and a Champions League final winner's medal, but it was his time at Molde that made him a legend in Norwegian football.
Asian markets have fallen sharply after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided to cut interest rates and extend its stimulus programme, but did not increase the amount of money it is buying to boost the eurozone economy.
The Casement Park stadium project in Londonderry is "behind schedule" and needs to address two key issues before it can make progress, according to a report commissioned by the sports minister.
A scheme to encourage people to get off their cars and onto bicycles in Dumfries and Galloway has been dropped by the local council after it failed to increase rental levels.
Tributes have been paid to Joel Richards, one of the British victims of the Tunisian beach attack, who was killed in the attack.
A North Korean man held in Malaysia in connection with the death of Kim Jong-nam has said his detention was a "scapegoat" for the country's enemies.
Two teenagers who stole the car of a vicar in a "shocking" carjacking have been detained by a youth court.
Scotland scrum-half Jamie Hamilton has been left out of Vern Cotter's World Cup squad after being dropped by the head coach.
Scotland's Jason Lewis won gold in the men's long jump at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as he beat St Lucia's Chris Cutts in a thrilling final.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has deleted its Twitter account in honour of Harambe, the gorilla that was shot dead by staff after a toddler climbed into his enclosure.
China's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.8% in 2015, down from 6.9% in 2014, according to official figures released on Tuesday, as the world's second largest economy continues to slow down.
Scientists have developed a battery which mimics the structure of the small intestine, in a bid to speed up the development of next-generation lithium-ion batteries.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players not to leave the club this summer as he prepares for his first season in charge of the Premier League champions.
The Church of England has appointed its first woman bishop, the Right Reverend Anne Lane of Stockport, as its first female bishop.
Oldham Athletic came from behind to beat 10-man Wigan Athletic and secure their first win of the season in the FA Cup second round at the Kassam Stadium.
Swindon Town's record goalscorer Luke Ayling has been released by the club after failing to turn up for Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Plymouth Argyle.
An investigation into the death of a woman in Tayside has been ordered by the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (PIRC) into the initial police response to the incident.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has become the first in the UK to be painted gold following Team GB's success at the London 2012 Olympics.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong as they took control on the second day of the first Test in Dhaka.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have accepted an offer from the city's bus company in a bid to end a dispute over pay and conditions, the BBC has learned.
The Forth Road Bridge will be closed to all traffic for 30 minutes for a procession to mark the 50th anniversary of its opening as the Queensferry Crossing, it has been announced.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested the US may not be able to defend its Nato allies in the event of an attack on the alliance, if he wins the election.
Flood prevention schemes should be rolled out across the UK to reduce the risk of flooding, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's match against Real Madrid because of a foot injury, the Spanish club have confirmed.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in a "mindless act of cruelty" on an industrial estate in Dumfries and Galloway, the RSPCA has said.
Shares on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs for the second day in a row, as global markets continued to rally on hopes of more stimulus measures from central banks.
Protesters in the western Indian state of Gujarat have set fire to government buses and poisoned seven men in a protest against an alleged attack on Dalit (formerly untouchable) men, police say.
Ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan are among the latest victims of phone hacking to have received settlements from the media company at the centre of the scandal.
Researchers have worked out how monarch butterflies navigate the 2,000-mile (3,000km) round-the-world journey they make every year, using only the Sun's position to guide them.
The University of Bristol has unveiled its most powerful computer in the UK, which it says is more powerful than the world's most powerful.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of last week's failed coup, saying the people's demands must not be put aside.
A World War Two fighter jet used in the Gulf War has been put up for sale by two ex-RAF engineers who have spent more than 20 years taking it apart and rebuilding it.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected by his own party after a close vote in the local authority's Labour group.
Surfers have been taking advantage of huge swells created by Storm Doris off the coast of Portugal after it battered Scotland with winds of up to 230mph (370km/h) and heavy rain.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway 3-2 in their final World Cup warm-up game at the Stade de France in Paris.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his side to build on their impressive start to life in the top flight by beating Hibernian for the second time in three days.
There is a shortage of local graduates who can speak foreign languages in Northern Ireland, according to Ulster University's department of modern languages, which is trying to recruit them for jobs in the tech sector.
Ukraine has begun moving a giant metal shield to protect the damaged Chernobyl nuclear reactor on the site of the world's worst nuclear disaster 30 years ago.
A police investigation into a crash involving Tour de France champion Chris Froome, in which his bike was hit by a car, has been closed because there is no evidence to link the driver to the incident.
Northern Ireland's new councils will be given a range of new powers when they take over from the Stormont Executive in April 2015.
A fire which destroyed a former textile mill in Bradford has highlighted the need for a review of West Yorkshire's historic mills, Historic England has said.
Cambridgeshire County Council has said it has "no concerns" about bunting knitted in the colours of the Tour de France that will decorate the streets of Cambridge.
An Indian religious leader has said that allowing women into a Hindu temple could lead to an increase in rape incidents, according to local media reports.
The mother of a girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang of men in Rotherham has told a court her daughter's character changed from a "lovely girl to an animal".
A father has described how he "knew something had to be done" when he found a dead newborn baby girl in a bus stop and wrapped her up in a dressing gown and gave her "hard rubs on the chest and the head".
A UKIP candidate's chef was stopped by the Border Agency as he walked out of a curry house with his apron flapping in the wind while on a night out with her staff, it has emerged.
An Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the Antarctic has been towed to a remote research station by a barge, as efforts continue to refloat it.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht that capsized off the County Antrim coast.
Deutsche Bank and Santander have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests, the country's central bank has said.
An appeal to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £100,000 in its first 24 hours, with more than £30,000 raised in the space of 24 hours.
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit for the first time in its 10-year history, thanks to a surge in sales and a tie-up with Morrisons.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says it is "nice to be involved in the right sort of scenarios" as his side aim to qualify for Euro 2016 for the first time in their history.
Welsh and Irish ministers are meeting to discuss the issue of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in the Australian state of New South Wales, police have said.
Scotland's number one squash player Chloe Adderley has won her first national title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson has stepped down from his role as a councillor to take up a post as a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
Taliban militants have attacked a police station in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, killing at least one police officer and wounding at least two others, officials say.
The proportion of school leavers in Scotland going on to a "positive destination" after leaving school has risen for the second year in a row, according to new figures.
Physicist Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a "near certainty" of disaster in the next 10,000 years, and that it will not be able to survive it.
England's Tommy Fleetwood is in a three-way tie for the lead with American Brian Harman after the second round of the US Open, which saw a record-equalling seven-under-par 63 from American Brian Hoffman.
Turkish women who apply for jobs in Germany wearing a headscarf are four times more likely to be invited for interview than those who do not, according to a study.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about his poor start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix as he looks to make up ground on his title rivals in the next race in China.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in the Mexican capital, Mexico City, calling for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Three men and two teenagers have been arrested following disturbances at the Celtic v Aberdeen match at Pittodrie on Friday night.
A man who carried out a "horrendous catalogue of offending" against a woman over a 30-year period has been jailed for eight years.
The number of young people in England and Wales owning their own home has fallen to its lowest level since records began, according to a survey.
The family of a soldier who was found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 20 years ago have said they are "relieved" a fresh inquest into his death has been ordered.
The family feud between the children of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, and the government over the level of commemoration for his death has raised questions about how best to remember the country's most famous leader in a city-state where public life is tightly controlled.
Students at a Dundee college have designed a bag which plays a voice recording when you take a credit card out of it to deter you from spending money.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a school for boys in the 1970s and 1980s.
Harlequins have signed scrum-half Alex Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps for the 2016-17 season.
Worcestershire's County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Canterbury.
An Italian ferry has caught fire off the Spanish island of Mallorca, with more than 1,000 passengers and crew feared to be at risk of sinking after a blaze broke out on Tuesday.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim last week have returned to the scene of the crime on Thursday and made a final appeal for information about a car found burnt-out in Belfast on Wednesday night.
A Caerphilly-based meat supplier has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for mislabelling frozen meat that was found to be several years past its "use by" date.
When Jean-Claude Godin's family lost their home and business when his father was killed in a car crash in the 1960s, it was a devastating blow for the Godin family.
The owner of a £1m Lotto ticket bought in Denbighshire has been urged to come forward to claim their prize after it was found to be missing.
A French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has been caught on camera selling supplies to migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea, in an apparent breach of diplomatic protocol.
Scottish UKIP MEP Tom Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the party if asked to lead it if he was chosen as its new leader.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a movement coach to perfect his portrayal of Einar Elbe in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Open in the first round after losing 4-3 to Mark Holt in a dramatic final frame.
Transport bosses in London are to trial badges for disabled and sick people on the Tube to help them find a seat when they need to stand or sit down.
Featherstone Rovers forward Joe Pick and Huddersfield hooker Jason Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
More than 100 churches have been shut down in the Nigerian city of Lagos for failing to reduce noise levels, as part of a campaign to make the city noise-free, officials say.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Irish Premiership for the first time this season with a 3-2 win at Mourneview Park.
The Dying Matters Coalition is a group of doctors, nurses and other health professionals who want to change the way we talk about dying and death in the UK.
Rangers Football Club has raised more than £22.2m from fans and institutional investors in its share issue, the club has announced.
The government of Indian-administered Kashmir has banned lavish weddings in the north-eastern state of Jammu and Kashmir, in a bid to reduce the number of guests at traditional feasts.
The Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill has died at the age of 60, the newspaper has announced.
Rangers have appointed Mark Allen as their new director of football after he left Manchester City to take up the same role with the Scottish Premiership club.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never been one to mince her words, and she's not afraid to speak her mind, on the issue of migration.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the "heart" of a lost Dark Age kingdom in the north-west of Scotland.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are in a three-way tie for the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship at TPC River Highlands in Connecticut.
Omar al-Husseini, a 19-year-old student from Annan, was the youngest player in Scottish League One to score in the Scottish Cup when he made his debut for his local club last season.
More than two-thirds of councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax next year to pay for social care, according to a survey of town hall chiefs.
A supplier of ambulances for a patient transport service in Sussex has said he has not been paid for six months after signing a six-month deal with the company that ran the service.
US striker Alex Morgan has signed for French champions Lyon on a two-year contract after leaving Women's Super League One side Orlando Pride to join the club in the summer.
Britain's Hannah Cheshire missed out on a first World Cup slopestyle medal of the season as she failed to qualify for the final of her heat in California on Saturday.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams hopes to win the right to fight longer rounds in women's boxing after the World Boxing Council (WBC) said it will never allow three-minute rounds in the sport.
Sevilla remain on course to become the first team to win the Europa League three times in a row after drawing the first leg of their semi-final against FC Lviv in Ukraine.
The head of the US military's European Command, General Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military presence in Crimea could threaten the security of the Black Sea region.
When you're a child, there are few things more nerve-wracking than the prospect of missing a last-gasp putt at the final hole of a major tournament.
A three-year-old German Shepherd called Ludwig is one of the most well-known dogs in the UK and is a star of the Westminster Kennel Club dog show.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "dragging recklessly" the political process towards an "unprecedented tipping point" over the botched RHI heating scheme.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down after the force was criticised over its handling of the child sex abuse scandal in Rotherham.
The number of people living with type 2 diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned, with the number of cases expected to rise by more than 50% in the next 10 years.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Tomasz Grzelak on a two-year deal following his release by Polish top-flight club Wrocław.
The operators of cash machines in the UK are in talks with banks in an attempt to resolve a dispute over fees they pay.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that a $681m (Â£400m) donation made to Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak ahead of last year's election was intended to help his coalition win the election, and was not a donation from the Saudi royal family.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not be affected by the brain injury he suffered in his last fight as he prepares to defend his British middleweight title against Jamie Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,300 badly made life jackets used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean from Greece to Europe, in the wake of the deaths of dozens of people in recent days.
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended prison sentence for his part in a brawl at the League One club's home game against Wycombe Wanderers.
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have become the first pair to win the English men's and women's doubles titles in the same year for the fourth time in a row.
Shrewsbury missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Sheffield United.
Poland striker Robert Lewandowski was taken off on a stretcher after suffering a head injury in their World Cup qualifier against Romania, which was delayed for more than an hour because of crowd trouble.
Kids in South Australia have been given the chance to redesign national parks in the country with the help of 3D modelling software.
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a dispute over the minimum wage paid to workers on Northern Isles cargo boats, the Scottish government has said.
Ospreys fly-half Vereniki Goneva is set to make his first appearance of the season against Scarlets on Boxing Day after recovering from a shoulder injury.
Jockey David Ackerman has lost his appeal against his six-month ban for betting on horse races after his fine was quashed on appeal, the British Horseracing Authority has announced.
Nato has formally ended its 10-year military mission in Afghanistan, bringing to an end a mission that has seen more than 12,000 foreign troops stationed in the country for more than a decade.
Two refugees have been praised for helping a far-right German politician who was hit by a car while taking part in an anti-migrant march, German media report.
A man has died and three other people have been injured in a crash between two cars in Nottinghamshire.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused of having a "tin ear" on devolution by the first minister as the UK government prepares to begin the formal process of leaving the European Union.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been named as the new England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) chief executive on a four-year contract.
The family of a man who was killed in a crash caused by an unlicensed driver have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers, as a campaign by road safety charity Brake calls for tougher sentences.
Two sheep have been reunited with their owner after they were found wandering around a garden in west Belfast on Saturday.
Greece has published a list of reforms it wants to make as part of a deal with its international creditors to secure a third bailout.
A public consultation on the future of the former Gloucester Prison has been launched to help decide what should be done with the site.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Fearne Cotton has played her final show on the station, saying she was "terrified-slash-excited" for her final broadcast.
England scrum-half Tom Watson has been charged with two offences of unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union after his red card in Bath's defeat by Saracens in the Premiership on Saturday.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham moved to the top of the National League with a comfortable win over Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game has been discovered in a 2,300-year-old tomb for the first time in more than 2,000 years, according to Chinese archaeologists.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have signed for the club even if they had not played in European football this season.
China's consumer prices rose at their slowest pace in more than two years in September, official figures have shown, as producer prices continued to fall for a third month.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" that defender Jazz Richards has taken longer than expected to recover from a broken leg.
A device on the Virgin Galactic space plane that crashed last week, killing one of its pilots, may have been the cause of the crash, investigators have said.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has declared victory over so-called Islamic State in the city of Mosul, but the battle for the city is far from over.
Pesticides used to control pests on crops are damaging the brains of honey bees, according to research published by the UK's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra).
A new centre of excellence for marine and bio-energy research is to be set up at the University of Ulster after it was awarded £10m of European Union funding.
Egyptian experts say they have found "anomalies" in the temperatures of three of the country's most famous pyramids that could be linked to the building of the tombs of the pharaohs Khufu, Khafre and Menkaure.
An unexploded World War Two bomb found in a quarry is to be blown up in a controlled explosion, police have said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and attempted sale of model Chloe Ayling in Italy, police have said.
Prank TV shows have become a major source of controversy in the Middle East and North Africa in recent years, especially during Ramadan, when many countries air special entertainment programmes aimed at wooing viewers during the holy month of Ramadan, but some are taking things too far, as BBC Monitoring has found.
General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in a new plant in Ontario, Canada, which will create up to 1,000 jobs.
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been lying in repose at the city's Etobicoke Cemetery for the first time since his death on Monday.
A police officer has rescued a fox cub from a locked car after the animal became trapped in the engine bay of a car in Dumfries and Galloway.
The distinctive Scots accent has undergone changes that have spread across the UK for more than 100 years, according to a new study.
A cathedral in Surrey is set to be saved from demolition after more than £5m was raised to pay for repairs and improvements to the Grade II-listed building.
She plays a no-nonsense politician in a hit US TV series, and now Robin Wright is fighting for equal pay for her role in House of Cards, after she found out she was being paid 79% less than her male co-star, Kevin Spacey.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs, but Tiffany's shares jumped after the jewellery firm reported better-than-expected results.
Unpaid internships should be banned in the UK, a cross-party group of MPs has said, in a report on social mobility.
The Scottish government has announced funding for a project to help bring down the cost of offshore wind turbines for use in Scotland's waters.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were hidden in the back of a van after she and her boyfriend were stopped at a French border crossing.
Fidel Castro brought revolution to Cuba in the 1950s and created the western hemisphere's first Communist state, but his successor, Raul Castro, has been in power for more than eight years and is due to step down in 2018.
England captain Alastair Cook has "got the right-sized feet" to become one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says former Australia captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has called for the licensing of airguns after a cat was shot in the leg with a pellet from an air rifle in Aberdeenshire.
The rainbow flag has been flown at Stormont for the first time since the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) came to power in the Northern Ireland Assembly in 1998.
A Labour MEP has announced he is to leave his role in the European Parliament to take up a top role at an international body that advises companies on corporate governance.
Hackers say they have stolen Game of Thrones scripts and episodes of Ballers and Room 104 from HBO and posted them online in what they claim is the "greatest leak of cyber space era".
A police investigation has been launched into allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company, an inner-city children's charity in London.
Hollywood actor Morgan Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Film Institute (AFI) for his "outstanding contribution to the world of film".
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war, police have said.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has failed the latest European stress test for banks, which assessed their ability to withstand a major economic shock.
The Isle of Wight's "floating bridge" ferry service is to be changed to allow more people to board and disembark at the same time for the first time in its history.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats half-back Joe Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Divorces should not be asked to name the person they believe their husband or wife has committed adultery with, family lawyers say, because it adds "conflict" to the divorce process.
One of Scotland's most famous seagulls has returned to a nature reserve in the Highlands for a second season in a row, after a previous visit was marred by a row over a nest.
If you leave your mobile phone somewhere do you worry you will not be able to find it when you get home?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that US Jews helped Donald Trump win the presidential election by donating to both his rival and his own party.
Four people have been treated for smoke inhalation after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station in central London, Transport for London (TFL) has said.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees, the human rights group Amnesty International says.
Leigh Griffiths says he and his Celtic team-mates are "buzzing" after clinching the Scottish Premiership title, and are already looking forward to next season.
The UK's unemployment rate has fallen below 5% for the first time in more than a decade, official figures show, as wage growth slowed in the third quarter of the year.
A Derren Brown show in which the illusionist tried to self-asphyxiate himself was unsuitable for broadcast before the pre-watershed watershed, a watchdog has ruled.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 50m breaststroke, narrowly missing out on a world record for the second time in two days.
A freckle on the finger of a childcare worker was the key to the arrest and conviction of a paedophile who was caught because of a tip-off from police in Australia, BBC Newsnight has learned.
What do you expect when you spend a week living in a space capsule the size of a netball court in space, in a place that's not quite as big as the International Space Station, with no windows, no heating, and no running water?
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks on lawyers and justice officials in the city of Winnipeg, police say.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Ross Murdoch from Ross County on a free transfer following their relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
Militants in eastern Libya say they have killed four Italian journalists who were kidnapped by Islamist militants last year, the Italian government has said.
Britain's Hannah Lucas won the Para-cycling World Cup series for the second year in a row with victory in the final race of the season in Canada.
Universities in England could be forced to offer students a legally binding contract to improve the quality of their courses, under plans announced by Universities Minister Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence handed down by a Pakistani military court on an Indian naval officer for spying, saying it is "unacceptable" and "indefensible".
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, an ambulance service has said, after a car bomb exploded in the port area of the city.
A man has been held at gunpoint by a man who forced his way into a house in Londonderry and threatened the occupant with a knife, police have said.
More than 3,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting offences in England and Wales in the past year, according to the League Against Cruel Sports, with more than 2,000 calls to the RSPCA in the last 12 months.
A court in Myanmar has charged 65 people in connection with clashes between protesters and police in the northern city of Letpadan, near the capital, Yangon.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted for failing to show "proper respect for women" by allowing a female governor to sit out of sight of its male governors at a meeting.
A " manipulative and depraved sexual predator" who raped and sexually abused a Denbighshire woman over a 10-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United's winless start to the League Two season continued as they were beaten at home by Morecambe, who climbed out of the relegation zone with a 2-1 win at the Kassam Stadium.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested by police investigating a serious sexual offence in Coleraine, County Londonderry, the PSNI has said.
Cardiff City captain Aled Jones is a doubt for Sunday's Championship game against Preston North End after being ruled out of action for the rest of the season with a shin injury.
Teachers in England and Wales must be given a pay rise if they are to attract and retain the best and the brightest, say six of the country's biggest teaching unions.
Shale gas drilling in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake was felt by at least one person in the county on Friday, the UK's seismologists have said.
Four paintings by Caravaggio, including The Supper at Emmaus and Boy bitten by a Lizard, are to go on display at the Scottish National Gallery for the first time in Scotland.
Apple has made changes to its two-step verification system to prevent cyber-thieves gaining access to users' iCloud accounts even if they have not previously used the service.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed in Syria in 2012, has filed a lawsuit against President Bashar al-Assad's family in the US, alleging that she was murdered by Syrian government forces.
A four-month-old baby boy who was killed by a family dog was "taken out of his mother's arms and attacked" by the animal, an inquest has heard.
The Scottish sporting budget is set to be cut by £10m over the next three years, according to the body that distributes funding to sports across the country.
The health of mothers-to-be and their babies is being put at risk by eating an unhealthy diet during and after pregnancy, according to a major European research project.
A hoard of Bronze Age weapons found on the Isle of Coll in Argyll has been described as "one of the most significant finds of its kind in the west of Scotland for many years".
Police have appealed for witnesses after a teenage boy was attacked and stamped on by two people on a train at a Glasgow station.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of having a large number of sexually explicit images of underage girls on his computer, police have said.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the world's highest-paid artists for 2014, taking home an estimated $100m (£66.5m) in earnings.
A World Cup winner's medal won by Brazil's Pele has sold at auction for more than £150,000 on the first day of the Brazilian football legend's World Cup memorabilia sale.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia after reports that Australian spy agencies spied on calls made to and from the president's mobile phone, the country's president has said.
The UN's human rights chief has called on Syria's government to investigate a video that appears to show the killing of dozens of pro-government soldiers and rebels in a possible war crime in northern Syria.
Organic farming can increase the biodiversity of farmland, according to a new study from Swansea University and France.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have signed an open letter urging the government to crack down on "industrial-scale abuse" of secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government is raising the rate of the bank levy, the tax it plans to charge on the debts of the UK's banks, from 0.088% to 0.075% from next month.
Investors have reacted to Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election with a sharp rise in the value of bonds and a stronger dollar, as the market begins to recover from a sell-off triggered by the election of the Republican president-elect.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter of the year, as it continues to cut prices in a "challenging market" and sell off its struggling restaurant and garden centre chains.
A driver who was stopped by police while trying to find a Sam Smith song on You tube has been fined for speeding in Dorset.
Dame Judi Dench, best known for playing James Bond's M in the Skyfall series, has revealed that her eyesight is getting worse as she approaches the end of her career.
A double-decker bus was left stranded on a farm muck heap after being driven down a no-through road and ignored a "no unauthorised vehicles" sign, a farmer has said.
A total solar eclipse took place on 21 August 2014, with the moon passing between the Sun and the Earth at about 21:00 BST.
Wales will face a "job of convincing the public" about the merits of a Universal Basic Income (UBI) scheme, a leading economist has warned.
A Denbighshire hospital and one in Wrexham have improved their food-hygiene ratings after being rated "inadequate" in a report into the spread of an infection that led to three deaths in north Wales.
As the dust settles on the general election campaign in Wales, here's a look at some of the party leaders' reflections on what went wrong and what they can expect in the next general election.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be used as a test site for a new type of nuclear reactor, the Unite union has said.
Mark Natzler has been appointed as the new Clerk of the House of Commons, Speaker John Bercow has announced.
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis after a seven-month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug by patients, but what does it mean for those who use it to treat conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, cancer and epilepsy?
Tunisians have voted in a run-off election for a new president, the first since the 2011 uprising that led to the overthrow of long-serving leader Zine el-Abedine Ben Ali.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign midfielder Barry Erskine from Dundee United when his contract expires at the end of the season, BBC Scotland has learned.
Tax experts from the Big Four accountancy firms have rejected claims that they are helping companies to avoid paying tax by using tax havens.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland could be "significantly greater" than previously thought, according to a new study.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock has revealed he held talks with Aston Villa in the summer about becoming the club's manager.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a 92-year-old Ukrainian man who says he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two, despite his denial that he was involved in war crimes.
Too many small businesses in Scotland are failing to invest in the basic digital skills needed to do more business online, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in the pharmaceutical and tech sectors, after strong economic data showed a pick-up in the US services sector.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of raping a 15-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given an ultimatum by Formula 1 bosses to avoid a repeat of the collision that led to their last-lap collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Russia has blocked more than 1,000 websites, including porn sites, in response to a court ruling that they "spread pornography", the government has said.
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell and the home of comedian Tom O'Connor are among the top 10 listed buildings in England that need to be saved, a charity has said.
Iraqians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament, amid growing tensions between the country's majority Shia and minority Sunni communities, and amid fears of a possible breakdown in power between the two sides.
Marine Maréchal-Le Pen, the niece of French far-right leader Marine Le Pen, is to step down from her parliamentary seat, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales scrum-half Tomas Francis says he was relieved to keep his place for Friday's Six Nations match against England after being named in the starting XV for the first time in three years.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were vandalised at a Tesco branch in Flintshire, leaving one person needing hospital treatment.
The future of a coastal railway line could be at risk because of sea-level rise, according to a new report by academics.
Southeastern is to compensate rail passengers affected by the closure of the main line between Dover and London after cracks appeared in the sea wall at the foot of the railway line.
Florence and the Machine have been promoted to the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury and Pussy Riot have made an appearance in front of the Park Stage, as the second day of the festival gets under way.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has accused a Labour AM of using "aggressive language" during a Brexit debate in the assembly.
I have recently announced that I will be leaving my job at the BBC as a business correspondent to become a freelance presenter.
Nottingham Forest have signed Lazio'sasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.
Victoria Jones was in the early stages of her pregnancy when she and her husband Nicky were told they were expecting their first child.
A "zombified" father who put his "green monster" buggy up for sale on eBay with a price tag of more than £150,000 has said he has broken the site's limit for inquiries after the advert went viral on social media.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to rig one of the key interest rates used to set global lending rates, the US Department of Justice has said.
Hull FC have signed full-back Joe Arundel from Super League rivals Hull Kingston Rovers on a two-year deal from next season.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England could be better spent on improving community services and tackling sepsis, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins should be selected for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Triathlon Series event in Australia, according to fellow British triathlete Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has agreed to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio last year.
Woody Allen, the billionaire founder of Microsoft, has announced plans to launch his own spaceplane, in a bid to compete with Virgin Galactic and other private space ventures.
A conservation charity has won a legal challenge to the Scottish government's decision to grant planning permission for four wind farms off the west coast of Scotland.
A Fife man has admitted raping and sexually abusing two young girls in Fife but claimed he was suffering from alcohol withdrawal when he confessed to the crimes.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in a street on Saturday night.
South Sudan's civil war has turned into one of the world's worst refugee crises, with hundreds of thousands of people fleeing their homes to escape the violence in the north-east of the country, and now the UN is warning that the crisis could turn into a humanitarian crisis.
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes insists his side can still finish second in the Scottish Premiership despite losing 3-0 at home to Rangers, who moved within a point of second-placed Celtic.
A soldier's pet ram has been promoted to the rank of corporal for the first time in his 30-year career with the Mercian Regiment of Foot.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a suicide attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, near the border with Syria, killing at least 20 people, officials say.
The word "binge-watch" has been named the Collins English Dictionary's word of the year for 2015.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has been sacked by the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) following the country's failure to win the World Cup for the second time in three years.
Hospitals in England are paying more than £380m a year for cancer drugs which have seen their prices rise by more than 100% over the past five years, according to research presented at the World Cancer Conference in London.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African Governance has not been announced, seven years after the prize was launched by the then-South African Prime Minister Omar al-Bashir.
The Met Office has issued an amber "be aware" warning for winds of up to 90mph over parts of Scotland on Friday and Saturday, with the potential for "structural damage" and disruption to power supplies and travel.
Olivier-winning actress Michelle Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, the theatre has announced.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old daughter in Cardiff has been found safe and well, police have said.
It's a rule of thumb that if you're good at something, you're likely to be good at it for a long time - and if you don't, you won't be able to do anything about it for long.
A Banksy mural that went missing from a wall in London and was later removed from an auction in the US is to be put up for sale in London for a second time, it has been announced.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese territory of Macau fell sharply in the three months to September from a year earlier as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending by Chinese officials continued to hit the city's economy.
India's prestigious Sahitya Akademi, the country's leading literary institution, has condemned recent attacks on writers, calling for "immediate action" to ensure the security of writers.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition to save a degree course at an Oxford University college set up for "disadvantaged, disabled and mature students" from being axed.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of Swansea man John Warburton, who has been missing for more than a month.
Britain's Simon Yates dropped out of the race leader's yellow jersey as Peter Sagan won stage five of the Giro d'Italia to take the overall lead.
Liverpool midfielder James Milner has been released from his England contract by manager Sam Allardyce after less than two years in charge of the national team.
Arsenal missed the chance to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the third year in a row as they were held to a goalless draw by Hull City at the Emirates Stadium, despite Mohamed Elneny and Alex Iwobi both making their first starts for the Gunners.
Huawei has begun legal action against Samsung, accusing the tech giant of using some of its technologies in its phones without permission.
The death of Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, the son of Col Muammar Gaddafi, is not a military victory for the Nato-led coalition fighting against the regime of the Libyan leader.
A man has been found dead in a crashed car with a three-year-old girl in the back after the vehicle crashed into a tree.
Peers have been told the UK government has made "significant progress" in talks over the fiscal framework for new tax and welfare powers being devolved to Holyrood, despite the lack of a deal yet to be reached.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has expressed "serious concern" over the militarisation of the South China Sea, saying there is "every evidence" of an increase in militarisation in the region.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of making Scottish MPs "second-class citizens" in the House of Commons after the government's decision to delay a vote on fox-hunting.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May urging her to split the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire into two parts to ensure it does not "sacrifice rigour" for timeliness.
Wales tight-head prop Brian Mujati has joined Ospreys from Sale Sharks on a one-year deal.
Rescuers are searching a mountain in Vietnam for a British backpacker who went missing while attempting to become the first Briton to climb the world's highest mountain in one day, his girlfriend has said.
Tributes have been paid to former Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson at a memorial service for the rugby league legend who died at the age of 90.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda, Tian Tian, could give birth at the end of the month, the zoo has said.
A campaign has been launched to find the UK's "national bird" in a bid to make it the official symbol of the country, after the RSPB said it had received more than 70,000 votes in the first round of polling.
Austrian police have arrested a lookalike of Adolf Hitler who was spotted in the town where the Nazi leader was born in 1889, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries at a house in Athersley, South Yorkshire.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the fire at the Grenfell Tower block in north-west London.
Joe Root is "the obvious candidate" to be England's next Test captain, according to fast bowler James Anderson, who has played under five full-time Test captains in his 13 years with the national side.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers to create a so-called "fast lane" for Netflix and other video streaming services last month, social media was abuzz.
Burnley moved into the Championship play-off places as Andre Gray's first-half penalty gave them victory over Blackburn in the Lancashire derby at Turf Moor.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced that it is to invest £500m in its Solihull plant and create 1,000 new jobs over the next three years.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike earned Dagenham and Redbridge a 1-0 victory at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool and end the Pools' unbeaten start to the League Two season.
A 20-year-old man who was stabbed to death in a bar in north London has been named by police.
A shortlist of the UK's oldest and most significant trees has been announced for this year's World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea off the Gwynedd coast.
Up to 100 jobs are to be lost at a fish and chip factory in Coleraine, County Londonderry, with the closure of the plant due to a lack of options for its future.
Swimmers have been warned to be on the lookout for jellyfish after a rise in the number of the tiny creatures was linked to warmer weather.
A woman was "brutally murdered" in a "sadistic" and "perverted" attack by two men who bound her wrists together with duct tape before cutting through her jugular vein, a court has heard.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have given birth to a baby boy, a boy called Prince William, who has been named after his father, the Duke of Wales.
Ospreys flanker Tom Thornton says he is "proud" to have been called up to the Wales squad for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa in Cardiff.
A plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs will be challenged in court after a planning inspector said it was "unrealistic" and "unsound".
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) needs to do more to deal with 150,000 people who have been refused permission to stay in the UK but have not left, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world's 50 most powerful women in a list of the most influential women in the world, according to a leading business magazine.
A man has been convicted of stealing a flock of sheep from a Powys farm after DNA tests proved they were the offspring of a farmer's ewes, police have said.
An exhibition celebrating the work of the poet William Blake has opened at a museum in Oxford following the discovery of his printing studio in London.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is more dangerous than a new Cold War, a new assessment by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has said its shareholders will vote on whether to approve its planned merger with Germany's Deutsche Boerse later this month.
If you were asked to strip naked in a steam bathhouse and apply a bunch of oak leaves to your back, you might be forgiven for thinking that you were about to have a heart attack.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service, which will piggyback on O2's network and allow customers to watch TV and listen to music on their mobiles.
The chief executive of Australian airline Qantas, Alan Joyce, has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for the country to legalise same-sex marriage ahead of next month's ballot on the issue.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves to deny Manchester United a first Premier League win of the season as the sides played out a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train at a London Underground station.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 pole positions with a stunning lap in qualifying for the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps.
The family of six-month-old Kayden Doherty, who died in hospital last April, have been speaking to the BBC about the "appalling" care he received at Stepping Hill Hospital, and how they are still struggling to come to terms with his death.
Plaid Cymru has said the Labour Party in Wales should take "swift action" to stamp out "divisive campaigning" after another member of the party was suspended following a row over a post on social media.
St Johnstone missed the chance to go second in the Scottish Premiership as they were held to a draw by Rangers at Ibrox for the second time this season.
There's a saying in politics that "losing is the saddest thing that can happen to a man or woman" - and it's certainly true when it comes to the race for the White House.
A 21-year-old man who died after being shot by police in Bedfordshire died from a gunshot wound to the chest, a post-mortem examination has found.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has not decided where he will play his final season in the Premier League, but has not ruled out a move away from the club.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick on his Sale debut as the Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps and move up to second in the table.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races with victory at the United States Grand Prix on Sunday, becoming the first Briton to reach the 50-win mark.
The Sri Lankan army has suspended its search for survivors of a landslide that killed more than 150 people after heavy rains caused by monsoon rains, but says it will continue to try to recover the bodies.
Justin Gatlin has broken his own 200m world record for the second time this year to win the Diamond League 200m in his first race since returning from a doping ban.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered the scrapping of a customised "rest chamber" fitted on a plane for his business class flight to the UK, after it was revealed it cost taxpayers more than $300,000 (Â£200,000).
Amnesty International has called on the Indian government to repeal a controversial law that gives security forces sweeping powers in Indian-administered Kashmir, saying it has contributed to human rights abuses in the region.
The High Court in Scotland has granted permission for journalists to live-stream the sentencing of a man found guilty of murdering his former lover on Twitter.
Katie Hopkins has apologised to the family of a Muslim family stopped from travelling to the US after she claimed they had links to extremists in an article published in the Mail Online.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after the company said it would not sell its bricks to him.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan, the owner of an orphanage in the hit musical Annie, to a standing ovation.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the streets despite a three-year plan to end rough sleeping in the town, a report has found.
Mikheil Saakashvili, the former president of Georgia, is one of the world's longest-serving heads of state and one of its most influential politicians.
Scotland is facing a "growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in the workplace, according to a charity which has been advising people on how to deal with employment issues.
West Ham's return to Upton Park ended in defeat as they were held to a 2-2 draw by Juventus in their first game at their new home in London.
At least 20 students have been killed in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria's Kano state, officials say.
Great Britain's rowers have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2017 World Rowing Cup in the United States.
Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have all signed new national dual contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Aston Villa have signed former England striker Carlton Cole on a two-year deal.
In his first speech as prime minister, Theresa May said she was "confident" that the UK would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the European Union after it left the bloc, and that the government would be "committed to a new strategic partnership" with the EU.
Bees from different parts of the UK are being asked to send in their noises in a bid to help scientists learn more about the behaviour of the honey bees.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 with a 3-2 win over League One side Oldham in the second round of the EFL Cup at Bootham Crescent.
The Department for Transport's bungling of the West Coast mainline rail franchise fiasco could cost taxpayers more than £8.9m more than previously estimated, a committee of MPs has said, as it called for the government to "get its house in order".
In the history of the Nobel Prize for Physics, there have been many, many men who have won the prestigious award for their contributions to science, but very few of them have been given any credit for their achievements.
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was beaten 4-0 by England's Peter Lines in the first round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in Scunthorpe on Saturday.
The debate about the future of the BBC licence fee is not just in the political debate at Westminster, it's also in the media debate in Scotland, where the BBC's future is at the heart of the debate about how to pay for the corporation's services.
Taxpayers should be given the right to pay an extra £5bn a year for the NHS and social care if they choose, former Lib Dem leadership contender Norman Lamb has told the party's conference.
Clyde manager David Ferguson has admitted that his side are in danger of missing out on the Scottish League Two play-off places if they do not beat Annan Athletic on Saturday.
Greece is heading to the polls on Sunday for a general election that will decide whether or not the country stays in the European Union and, if so, how long it will remain in the single market.
Archaeologists in Monaghan have unearthed parts of a Spitfire that crashed in a field in the County Monaghan town of Emyvale 75 years ago.
Parents have accused a council of "punishing" them for living in a rural area by cutting free school transport for their children.
A memorial service has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake in Italy that struck the country's south-east.
Australia's prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, has been the subject of much speculation over the past few weeks, with reports that he is in danger of losing his job to Barnaby Joyce, the deputy prime minister and leader of the country's second-largest party.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as team-mate Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel finished second and third respectively.
A teenager has been charged in connection with an alleged ticket fraud at the T in the Park music festival in Brighton.
China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the handover of the territory from British to Chinese rule.
An Indian rapper has protested against the appointment of a woman as chief minister of the southern state of Tamil Nadu by changing the lyrics of one of her songs to protest against the move.
Eleven more people have been arrested in connection with a landslide in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen last month that killed dozens of people, prosecutors say.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its failure to tackle air pollution, it has been warned.
A white police officer in the US city of Cleveland has been found not guilty of the manslaughter of two black women who were shot dead by officers during a high-speed chase two years ago.
Russia says it is "deeply saddened" by the deaths of more than 100 people in two suicide bomb attacks in Syria that killed more than 120 people.
Promotion and relegation from the Premiership will be scrapped from the 2017-18 season as part of a new funding deal for second-tier clubs, with Championship sides in favour of the move.
Wales' councils have seen a drop of more than £400,000 in revenue from recycling services over the past year due to a drop in the price they get for their waste, it has been revealed.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is one of the biggest gatherings of business leaders from around the world, with more than 1,000 heads of state and government expected to attend this year.
A knife has been found at a school in Dumfries and Galloway after a child was threatened with a knife, police have said.
The 2016 UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday, the first major snooker tournament to be played in the UK since a shake-up of the draw at the end of last season.
Red Bull's performance in the Australian Grand Prix was far from what they would have liked, with the team far off the pace of Mercedes and Ferrari, who won the race and set the pace for the rest of the season.
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 8 September to decide on the future of the country in a referendum on independence.
Perth's city centre is to be transformed into a "late-night shopping centre" in a bid to boost the local economy.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England for the first time since the end of the World Twenty20.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a dissident republicans' bomb attack in County Tyrone, is taking place in Belfast.
Scotland's most senior law officer, Frank Mulholland, is to step down from his post as Lord Advocate.
Firefighters are dealing with a fire on board a ferry after it overturned in the Firth of Forth in the early hours of the morning.
A man arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Rotherham has been released on bail pending further inquiries.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as one of the NME magazine's 2015 musicians of the year, the music magazine has announced.
A terminally ill man from Shropshire has taken his legal challenge to the law on assisted dying to the High Court in a bid to overturn the ban on the practice in England and Wales.
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3-1 defeat by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final first leg in Portugal.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £1.5m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who suffered brain injuries after a heart attack while playing for the club's youth academy.
British actress Keira Knightley is to return to the Broadway stage for the first time in more than a decade in a new adaptation of one of her favourite novels.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to speak to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football after the World Cup qualifying defeat by Chile.
A 10-year-old Canadian boy has made headlines after he left a note in the pages of a comic book he had damaged to apologise for his behaviour.
Two-time BDO world champion Chris Waites says it was "painful" to come back from a shoulder injury to win his second title in three years at the BDO World Championships.
Newport Gwent Dragons half-back Matty Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a knee injury.
A man has died after being shot by police during an incident in Hull city centre, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of German international Carina Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been threatened with contempt of parliament if he does not attend a Commons select committee meeting to give evidence about his company's treatment of workers.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has hit back at criticism of his side's alcohol-fuelled World Cup campaign, insisting there has been "no alcohol ban" in his squad.
Dundee ended a run of three straight Premiership defeats as they thrashed Motherwell at Fir Park to move to within two points of the Premiership play-off places.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League at the group stage for the third time in four years.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died in a rollercoaster accident at Dreamworld theme park on Australia's Gold Coast on Saturday.
A man has admitted being concerned in the supply of heroin with a street value of more than £300,000, a court has heard.
Swansea City have made an approach to speak to former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa about the vacant manager's job, reports BBC Radio Solent.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in south-east London.
The last time the world's central bank raised interest rates, the markets in Asia went into a tailspin and the rest of the world followed suit.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in one of the most "damaging" cases of child sexual exploitation they had seen in Hertfordshire have been jailed.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on an ankle injury and will be out of action for at least three months.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said her "tremendous" son's organs will be used to save the lives of others.
Worcester Warriors have suffered a blow with the news that prop Tom Youngs could be out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans for a multi-million pound motor racing circuit in Blaenau Gwent has heard there are "serious concerns" about the impact of the development on the environment.
Garry Thompson marked his return to Morecambe with a late winner as the Shrimps came from behind to beat Cheltenham in the first game of the League Two season at the Globe Arena.
More than a third of people cared for by crisis teams in the home by the NHS in England and Wales committed suicide within a week of being discharged from hospital, a report suggests.
Ulster won the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship for the first time since 2007 as they beat Connacht 3-13 to 1-12 in the final at Carrick-on-Shannon on Sunday.
MSPs have called on the Scottish Parliament's corporate body to ensure they get a "decent cup of coffee" when they meet for committee meetings in the next Holyrood session.
Hospitals in Wales could be forced to cut back on non-urgent surgery due to pressures on waiting times, the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons in Wales has said.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, with a population that has grown at close to 10% a year for a decade, and an economy that has seen the number of people living in extreme poverty fall by a third.
Two fishermen have been rescued from Lough Swilly in County Tyrone after getting into difficulty off Malin in the early hours of the morning after their boat broke down.
Two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be the favourites to win this year's Criterium du Dauphine, says two-time winner Alberto Contador.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people accused of trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads for $1,500 (Â£1,100) on the black market, reports the BBC Hindi's Geeta Pandey in Bangalore.
Brazil's former President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Rio de Janeiro after being impeached by the Senate for manipulating the country's budget.
Derry City moved back into second place in the Premier Division with victory over Wexford United thanks to a first-half goal from Conor Boyle.
A mountain rescue team has said the drive to attract tourists to Snowdonia contributed to a rise in the number of callouts to the peak this summer.
Paris St-Germain's £198m deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for the world's most expensive player has been met with a mixed reaction in Europe.
The January transfer window closed in Scotland on Wednesday, with Celtic and Hearts the only clubs to make significant additions to their squads in the last 24 hours.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's largest file-sharing sites, has been hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, following Virgin Media's decision to block access to the site.
A British inventor has won the £2,000 UK Engineering Prize for his 3D-printed prosthetic hand, which he says could revolutionise the way amputees are fitted with prosthetic arms and hands.
Francois Fillon, the centre-right candidate in France's presidential election, has won the Republican Party's presidential nomination after a huge rally in Paris on Sunday.
Urgent care centres could be moved from Telford to Shrewsbury as part of a shake-up of the NHS in Shropshire.
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of Scotland coach Gordon Strachan's success since making his international debut 10 years ago, according to the Scotland captain.
The £18bn deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point in Somerset has been signed by the French energy giant EDF and China's state-owned energy giant, CGN.
The number of calls to a helpline set up by the Army to help soldiers and airmen with mental health issues has risen by more than a third in a year, the charity SSAFA has said.
A Met Police detective constable has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of possessing and distributing child sex abuse images of a child.
Hilary Benn's decision to back the government's motion of no confidence in the House of Commons in the wake of Jeremy Corbyn's vote in favour of military intervention in Syria has raised the question: is this the beginning of the end for the Labour leader?
World number one Mark Selby will play Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi-finals after holding off a spirited fightback from Marco Fu to lead 6-4 after day three at the Crucible.
Scotland striker Becky Evans says reaching Euro 2017 would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" if she and her team-mates were to miss out on qualifying for their first major finals.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death by a pupil at her school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says the club's British players need to "take charge" if they are to succeed him when he leaves the club at the end of the season.
The Nepalese government has said it plans to limit the number of people who can climb Mount Everest in a bid to make the world's highest mountain safer.
The family of a man who was killed in a crash on the M1 has called for a change in the law to allow retired drivers to keep their licences.
A former Stanford University student who was sentenced to six months in prison for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has been released from jail after serving just over half of his sentence.
Plans to protect a coastal railway line damaged by Storm Desmond have been unveiled by Network Rail as part of £270m of spending on coastal protection work.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a gold-plated urinal that has been described as "the world's most expensive toilet" and "the most expensive public toilet in the world".
A series of events are being held to mark the centenary of the birth of a US artist whose work was inspired by views of the Sound of Sleat on Skye.
Residents in rural areas of Scotland are being asked to give their experiences of the rollout of the BT Openzone scheme, which aims to bring superfast broadband to more than 100,000 homes and businesses across the country.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has defended scrapping a target for Wales to be in the top 20 of the UK in GCSEs by 2021, saying it is a "better target" than the one set last year.
Three TalkTalk employees have been arrested in India on suspicion of breaching the company's contract with a call centre provider, the firm has confirmed.
A man suspected of shooting dead two police officers in the US state of Iowa has been identified as a Confederate flag-wielding man who was arrested on suspicion of murder, police say.
More student teacher places are to be made available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities next year as part of the Scottish government's drive to encourage more people to enter the teaching profession.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form bodes well for Europe's chances of winning the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine in October after he was named as a vice-captain for the first time.
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of Unison, the second largest union in the Labour Party, which has nominated the left-wing MP as its preferred candidate in the party's leadership contest.
England's Luke Donald is in contention for his first PGA Tour title of the year after a second-round 65 put him in a three-way tie for fourth at the WGC-Dell Match Play in Texas.
Jamie Heaslip has been named in the Ireland team to face Wales in Saturday's Six Nations match in Cardiff after recovering from a back injury that ruled him out of last month's Test against the British and Irish Lions.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended over an investigation into alleged failings in the handling of a safeguarding case involving children, the authority has said.
Netflix has become the first major video-streaming service to roll out its service to all of the world's major emerging economies, with the exception of Russia.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have parted company with manager John Hughes after two-and-a-half years in charge of the Scottish Premiership club.
There is a strange calm in the Greek capital this week, and it is not the kind you would expect from a country on the brink of a new bailout deal with its creditors.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers and benefit from a wider range of health benefits, according to research published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine.
Former Australia international James Mason has left Catalans Dragons by mutual consent after suffering a series of injuries in the French Super League club's pre-season tour of Australia.
(Close): Mining shares weighed on the FTSE 100, with Anglo American and BHP Billiton among the biggest fallers, while Burberry rose on speculation it could be the subject of a takeover bid.
Muslim Match, a dating website for single Muslims, has been hit by a security breach that has revealed details of more than 100,000 members, including their names, addresses and phone numbers, according to reports.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's new vice-president, accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking, in a move that has angered the Venezuelan government.
A man has been injured after he was attacked by a man armed with a knife in a street attack in Belfast city centre.
A novel set in the US during the Cold War has been published 30 years after it was first published in the UK, in what is thought to be the first book of its kind to be published outside the UK.
Tanzania's president, John Kikwete, has sacked a minister for failing to declare a $1m (Â£800,000; $1,000,000) donation she made to a school in her name, amid a corruption scandal.
She had come prepared to own up to her mistakes, apologising to the gathered throng at the Conservative Party conference for the mistakes she had made in calling the election, for the campaign that had faltered, and for the party that had let her down.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (Â£9.5bn) fine for its role in the US housing crisis, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James could miss the 2016 Olympics in Rio after suffering further setbacks in her recovery from a knee injury, according to her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korean team SKT has won the League of Legends (LoL) World Championship for a second time, beating Samsung Electronics' team in the final in Los Angeles on Sunday.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell's first-half goal was enough to give Sheffield United victory over 10-man Bury, who finished with 10 men for the second game in a row.
At the time of the attack on the Manchester Arena, the victim of the bombing was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a mental health expert has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
All pictures are copyrighted and the content on this page is subject to copyright.
Belgian prosecutors have charged a third man with involvement in the Paris attacks, a day after the highest security alert was lifted in the capital, Brussels.
Great Britain's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals on the final day of swimming at the Olympic Games in Rio as Great Britain's men's and women's team-mates all finished in the top eight.
Scottish Social Development Secretary Lesley McLeod has said the Scottish government is prepared to look at offering loans to young crofters to help them get on to the housing ladder.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made up his mind about his future with the club despite the club being in financial difficulty.
Sterling has fallen more than 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years in June.
A collision between Earth and an early Solar System planet could explain how the carbon in our planet's mantle and biosphere came to be, according to a new study.
Asian stock markets were mostly higher on Friday, following a positive lead from Wall Street, where shares rose on hopes that the US economy is on track to grow at its fastest pace in more than four years.
The FBI has been asked to help police in a murder case in the US to access data on the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers, just days after the US government asked Apple to help in the case.
Ayr United have won a competition to design a new badge for their club crest after their old one was struck down by the Scottish Football Association for breaking ancient heraldic rules.
The driver of a lorry which crashed into a church in Cardiff has been taken to hospital after being taken ill at the wheel, police have said.
A British teenager who travelled to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been killed in an attack in Iraq, according to reports.
Belfast Giants have announced that six players have signed new deals with the Elite League club ahead of the 2017-18 season.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being found with head injuries in his bedroom had told a classmate he felt "unsafe" at school and was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA is to be allowed to travel to the Republic of Ireland as part of his bail conditions, a court has been told.
A £2.5m research centre aimed at cutting the cost of treating people with wounds in Wales has been set up at Cardiff University.
In the aftermath of the chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria last week, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to attack his predecessor, Barack Obama, for what he saw as his "weak and ineffective" foreign policy.
Rangers' Phil Foderingham says he is "disappointed" that a fan at Ibrox racially abused team-mate Scott Sinclair during Saturday's 1-1 draw with St Mirren.
A doctor was called to Prince's Paisley Park home the day before he was found dead, but it was his son who made the emergency call to report him missing, a lawyer for the singer's family has said.
Twelve historic closes in Edinburgh's Old Town are to be given a makeover as part of a £1.5m project to "reconnect" the city's historic streets with its historic courtyards and streets.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full-face veils in public, including the burka and the niqab, under the guise of security reasons.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed when she was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has returned to Munster as a player-coach.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews, who used to sit alongside Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell, has joined the Liberal Democrats.
The number of hectares planted with coca - the raw ingredient for cocaine - in Colombia has increased by more than 50% in the past year, according to a UN report.
If you were asked to name Scotland's next World Cup-winning winger, you might be forgiven for thinking it would be Chris Burke, the 19-year-old son of former Scotland and Rangers winger Chris Burke.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley will miss the rest of the season after being ruled out of Saturday's Pro12 game against Northampton Saints with a shoulder injury.
Olympic gold medallist Souleymane Cisse says he can't walk in the street without being recognised, he has become a national symbol and is determined to defend his title in Tokyo in 2020.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over guards' jobs and safety will take place on Friday, Southern rail has said, as a strike on the rail network continues.
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in the Portuguese city of Porto killed at least eight people, the interior minister has said.
"I have been smoking cannabis since I was 12 years old," says 18-year-old Cristian Gaviria, who has been growing the drug at his home in the Uruguayan capital, Montevideo, for the past two years.
A hat that Princess Anne wore to the royal wedding has been sold at auction for £10,000, raising more than £20,000 for charity.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in the North Sea, the BBC has learned.
Two British men arrested in the United Arab Emirates on suspicion of filming planes have been remanded in custody and are due to appear at a hearing in Abu Dhabi.
Kristoffer Johnsen has left Hearts to join Dutch club ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal, subject to international clearance.
Two young people have become the first members of a new Benedictine order in Monmouthshire which aims to help people in the town's poorest areas.
Louis van Gaal's first season as Manchester United manager is almost over and he will have learned that there are no easy games in the Premier League, and that he has to toughen up his team to win the title next season.
When it comes to defence reviews there's a lot of scepticism about whether the government's latest review of the UK's armed forces will be strategic or just a "holiday".
Wales' men's hockey team missed out on promotion to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time in 10 years as they lost to Scotland in the final of the European Championships.
A 70-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Caerwent has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised winger Ben Woodburn after the England Under-20 international impressed during their pre-season tour to New Zealand.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face former club Barcelona in the Champions League group stage for the third time in four seasons after being drawn in the same group as the Spanish giants.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the nation for its support for his surprise decision to ban high-denomination banknotes, saying it was "in national interest" to do so.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
England's Graeme McDowell carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Race to Dubai Tour Championship in Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has re-affirmed her support for Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest, saying Jeremy Corbyn is "not the right person for the job".
A Kent council has suspended all of its litter wardens after a BBC Panorama investigation revealed they were wrongly fined thousands of pounds for littering.
The pound hit a one-month high against the dollar after a closely-watched survey suggested the UK's service sector grew at its fastest pace since the EU referendum in June.
Clashes between police and youths have continued for a third night in a row in parts of London after two nights of rioting in Tottenham and Enfield.
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in Wales has increased by more than 10% in the past decade, according to the latest figures.
England's Euro 2016 opener against Russia on Saturday will be a huge game for the national team because it will be the first time we will not face a team from Group A, B or C in the last 16 of a major tournament.
The public will not be allowed to know details of undercover police operations unless it is necessary to protect individuals from harm, a preliminary ruling by the inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales has said.
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League (RFL) after one of their players was bitten on the face during a Challenge Cup match against Fryston Warriors on Saturday.
US actress Shirley Temple, known as "America's little darling" and "Little Miss Miracle", has died at the age of 88, her family has announced.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall left-back Yann Abdou on a free transfer on a two-year deal after he agreed a new contract with the League One club.
A Porto-based football player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee and three months for assaulting an opposition player in an amateur league match in the Portuguese city of Porto.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is returning to London's Albert Hall for the 50th anniversary of the British Proms, the world's biggest classical music festival, on Friday 18 July.
Police investigating the murder of a woman and the discovery of a man's body in a wheelie bin at a block of flats in Luton have named her as Samantha Winning.
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly record more than 90 cases of child sexual exploitation in the Rotherham child abuse scandal, a watchdog has said.
Southend United boss Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card he received in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Gillingham, describing the officiating in the League One game as "at its worst".
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders as part of a drive to close the attainment gap between pupils in the most and least deprived areas of the country.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede involving thousands of Hindu pilgrims in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Jean-Louis Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne on a two-year contract.
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle, removing several senior officials, including defence minister Abdel Rahim Hussein and foreign minister Ibrahim al-Ghandour.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has offered to pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his private home, in a long-running row over alleged corruption.
The body of a man whose body was found at the site of the Swansea Bay Power Station collapse has been removed from the site.
A Gwynedd chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls and bought them gifts has been banned from teaching for life.
Lassie the golden eagle has laid an egg at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve in Perthshire, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has confirmed.
Three people have escaped a house fire in Cookstown, County Tyrone, after a tyre was driven through the front door of the property and set alight.
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) has criticised "slippage" in services at four care homes run by Cornwall Care, saying it has taken its "eye off the ball" in some areas.
US President Donald Trump made a series of campaign promises during and after his election campaign, and he has kept many of them during his first 100 days in the White House, but some have not been as clear-cut as others.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead in his Dorset home are searching a river in a bid to find the gun used in the attack.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a north London pub in the early hours of the morning.
Championship side London Welsh have been taken over by a US-based investment group following a winding-up petition against the club being dismissed by a High Court judge.
A former head of care at a school for children with learning difficulties has been charged with a string of sex offences against children.
Head teachers are to be invited to attend seminars on how to prevent young people being drawn into extremist ideologies and how to deal with concerns about radicalisation.
Theresa May has said North Korea's missile test over Japan was "outrageous" and "provocative", as she met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has joined the cast of the new Marvel superhero film Guardians of the Galaxy, starring as Nebula, a ruthless space pirate and former mercenary.
Manchester United are set to make their first signings of the summer transfer window after securing Champions League football for next season by winning the Europa League.
A medieval bridge dating back to the 13th Century has reopened to the public after being uncovered for the first time in more than 100 years.
The UK has recorded its hottest day of the year, with temperatures reaching 37.7C (98F) at Heathrow Airport, the highest ever recorded in the country, forecasters have said.
What drove the German pilot, Andreas Lubitz, to kill himself and his co-pilot, deliberately crash-landing a passenger plane in the French Alps, killing all 11 people on board, and killing himself and himself?
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from seven points down to beat Newport Gwent Dragons in their final game at Rodney Parade before the end of the season.
The scientists investigating the Chicxulub Crater - the site of the asteroid strike that wiped out the dinosaurs - say they have found a pointer to the asteroid that caused the mass extinction of life on Earth.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales "gets a rotten deal" from the European Union and the referendum on membership is an "opportunity of a lifetime" for the UK to stay in the union.
Glamorgan batsmen Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first-class centuries as the Welsh county beat Cambridge University by an innings and 88 runs in the first game of the season at Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man who was found stabbed to death in Manchester city centre have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
How many siblings do you know who can play the violin, viola, cello, guitar and piano at the same time?
Pop star Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Styrke says she's lost five months to making her latest album, and it's ready to go on sale this month.
A secondary school in Oxfordshire could be closed after being rated inadequate by Ofsted for the third time in four years.
The UK's three intelligence agencies are using social media to try to recruit more women as part of efforts to boost the number of women in their ranks, the government has said.
A lump of coal has been presented to the last remaining deep coal mine in South Yorkshire in a ceremony to mark the end of coal mining in the county.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading left-back Alex Jules on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent move at the end of the season.
The European Commission has blocked CK Hutchison's proposed takeover of O2 from Spain's Telefonica in a deal that would have created the UK's third largest mobile phone operator.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Yousra Elbagir looks at how Sudan's young poets are using their voices to fight censorship and control in the capital, Khartoum.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over Peterborough in front of a record-breaking crowd at Boundary Park.
Brazil's former President, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, has been accused of involvement in a massive corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras.
These clouds of charged particles are released in explosive outbursts from the Sun, known as solar storms, and they can cause powerful disturbances in the Earth's magnetic field.
Bath have signed England second-row Geoff Parling from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal and back-rower Olly Woodburn from Bath on a three-year contract.
(Close): Mining shares dragged the FTSE 100 lower, dragged down by Antofagasta and Rolls-Royce, while housebuilders recovered some of their earlier losses after a survey suggested a possible drop in UK house prices.
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $1.5m (Â£1.2m) on CharityBuzz, the US website behind the popular "lunch with the boss" craze.
Ousmane Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Mali after announcing his retirement from international football.
Cape Verde's hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals were ended as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia in a match marred by heavy rain in the Portuguese island nation.
A Pembrokeshire archaeological site is looking for volunteers to help out with some of the running of the site.
All frontline staff at benefit offices should be trained in how to stop people taking their own lives, the government has said, in a bid to cut the number of suicides.
Williams test driver Susie Wolff has been given a bigger role at the team for next year, after being named as the team's first-team test driver for the 2015 season.
National League side Boreham Wood have re-signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a garden created in memory of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, where they met members of the public and met representatives of charities supported by her.
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a van attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona in which a driver ploughed into a crowd of pedestrians on Las Ramblas, a pedestrian zone in the centre of the city.
A major roundabout revamp on the A55 in Chester has been delayed for a second time, causing "chaos" for motorists, an MP has said.
Phil Taylor beat Kim Huybrechts to set up a quarter-final meeting with world number one Raymond van Barneveld at the PDC World Darts Championship on Friday.
People in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people in a bid to unlock the secrets of thousands of diseases.
Gillingham have re-signed Chris Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season in a bid to boost his chances of a place at the Euro 2016 finals in France.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from 56-3 to end day one of their tour match against South Africa in Bulawayo on a high note.
A Chinook helicopter has been sent to recover the wreckage of a military helicopter that crashed on a Snowdonia mountain, the Ministry of Defence has said.
MSPs have been "over the top" in their concerns about the impact of the Scottish government's £16bn funding package for local authorities, Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney has told MSPs.
Hundreds of thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the north of Scotland for a record-breaking price of more than £1.5m.
Thousands of people gathered at Cape Canaveral in Florida on Monday to watch the historic launch of the US space shuttle Endeavour.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician who was murdered in London five years ago, officials say.
A heritage group has called for an investigation into a dispute over access to a World War Two memorial in France after families from Lancashire were prevented from visiting a cemetery in the French Alps.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will vote for Britain to leave the European Union in June's referendum has been widely reported in European media, with commentators in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Hungary and Russia all wondering whether the London mayor could challenge David Cameron for the Conservative leadership.
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys at the top of the table with a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso at Kingspan Stadium.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season as he tries to predict the outcome of the Premier League season.
A woman has said she is "furious" after a company invited her to an interview for a job only to describe her as a "home educated oddball" who "can't get a job since leaving uni".
Jim Broadbent's return to the stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in the Noel Coward Theatre's production of A Christmas Carol has been praised by critics, with one calling him "wonderful and cuddly" and another saying he is "a clown in clown mode".
A growing number of women are downloading period tracking apps on their smartphones to monitor their menstrual cycle, but experts are warning that they should not be used as a form of contraception, as the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
The sisters of Oscar Pistorius have said they feel "heartache" for the athlete's family ahead of his sentencing over his killing of his girlfriend last year.
Salford Red Devils have released full-back Chris Chase, half-back Jamie Paterson and captain Chris Hansen, but are close to agreeing a deal to sign France Under-20 internationals Matty Fages and Ben Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his side's "best route" to the Champions League this season, despite admitting it will be "very difficult" for them to qualify for next season's Champions League.
Dame Judi Dench has donated Â£10,000 to the Surrey Wildlife Trust to help restore a woodland in the county where she grew up.
The Queen's portrait has been unveiled on the front of the new £1 coin - and it's got a new design.
Labour has accused the coalition of cutting the number of GPs in England who offer out-of-hours surgery by 590 in the past five years, in a fresh attack on the Conservatives.
American Patrick Reed will represent the United States at the 2016 Ryder Cup at Gleneagles after finishing joint first at the WGC-Dell Match Play in New York.
A police watchdog has backed the use of force by officers during the arrest of five men who tried to ram a police car outside a McDonald's restaurant in Carnoustie.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads has risen by more than a third in the past five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Jordan McNair has been named in the draw for this year's Milk Cup final, which will be held in Los Angeles in July.
An A&E unit at a north Wales hospital was under "considerable pressure" last year as patients waited for up to three hours for treatment, inspectors have said.
Nigeria international defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish Super Lig side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
A 26-year-old man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida has appeared in court for the first time since he was arrested on Friday, and was told he may face the death penalty.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it would happen because he thought it was a "fantasy" and did not believe the intended victim existed, the court has heard.
The Ross Sea has been designated as a Marine Protected Area (MPA) - the first of its kind on the high seas, after years of negotiations.
Thousands of people have turned on the street lights in Leicester as part of the city's annual Diwali celebrations.
US author Jackie Collins, best known for her erotic bestseller Hollywood Wives, has died of breast cancer at the age of 83, her family has said in a statement.
A Japanese pensioner dubbed the country's first "black widow" after she was accused of murdering four of her lovers with cyanide has admitted killing one of them, according to local media reports.
A fish that escaped from a shopping centre during flooding has been found safe and well after making its way to a petrol station a mile away.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has apologised for his "outburst" during a press conference last month in which he questioned the selection of two of his own players for the national team.
A man who went on the run for more than two years after being recalled to prison has been arrested after posting pictures on social media of himself "living the high life" in Spain.
Strictly Come Dancing pair Steve Backshall and Ola O'Brien have spoken out about claims that they were bullied on the show.
A new comedy-drama about a man's battle with depression is to be shot in south Wales.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will bring in one of the club's youth players to sit on the bench for his side's final two games of the season because of a lack of first-team players.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said he is "still working on the investigation" into the cause of a rocket explosion at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station last week that killed a Facebook satellite.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
A Met Police sergeant and a constable have been ordered to pay £25,000 in damages to two men who say they were falsely imprisoned and racially abused by the force.
Zimbabwe's first lady, Grace Mugabe, has been granted immunity from prosecution by the South African government after she failed to show up for a summit in Pretoria on Saturday.
A court in Russia has sentenced three teenagers to jail for performing a "twerk dance" at a World War Two memorial in the city of Orenburg, near the battle site of the Battle of the Somme.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Charlie Webster for an undisclosed fee and loaned defender Callum Clarke to the League One club for the rest of the season.
Premier League clubs have "turned the corner" and are entering a new era of sustained profitability, according to a report by Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland, saying a number of the world's top managers have come to Scotland to do their coaching badges.
Commonwealth Games silver medallist Maxine Peake is aiming for a personal best and a Welsh record when she attempts to qualify for the Rio Olympics in the 4.50m hurdles at the Welsh Championships in Cardiff on Saturday.
In the aftermath of the Peshawar school massacre there has been much debate in Pakistan about who was behind the attack on the school in Peshawar and why the country's political elite has been so reluctant to name and condemn the Pakistani Taliban.
Old Mutual, the world's biggest financial services group, has announced plans to spin off its emerging markets and wealth management units into separate companies.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal with former Morecambe midfielder Alex Barkhuizen ahead of his move to Oldham Athletic on a two-year contract.
Ten more Chinese cities have been placed under a "red alert" for air pollution, the environmental ministry has said, as the country continues to grapple with the worst smog in years.
A "morality police" - a police force set up to enforce Islamic religious law - has been a feature of public life in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, and is now the main agency tasked enforcing the country's Islamic code of conduct in public.
Wakefield secured their place in the Challenge Cup semi-finals for the second year in a row with a comfortable win over Huddersfield Giants at the John Smith's Stadium.
A car has ended up on top of another car in a marked parking space at a car park in Dundee city centre.
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has been named best film at this year's Empire Awards, which honour the year's best in film and television.
Ken Barak is one of the world's leading experts in the extraction of oil and gas from the ground, and he's been working on a project in the US that aims to make it easier for firms to extract more of the fossil fuels from beneath the ground.
An Asda supermarket in Manchester is to introduce a "quiet hour" for customers with autism to make it easier for them to shop in a store where they can "hear a pin drop", the store's general manager has said.
Ten years ago, David Barrett was working as a child protection officer in Lebanon, when the country was devastated by the war in the south of the country, and his job involved rescuing children from the rubble of bombed-out homes.
A computer program owned by Google has become the first to learn how to play complex video games without being pre-programmed, according to researchers.
Aston Villa have confirmed the takeover of the Championship club by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia, who has bought the club for £52m.
Brazil was not told of a threat to attack the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro last year, according to a French general who warned of the possibility of a jihadist attack on the event, the Brazilian government has said.
Hibernian have signed Danny Swanson from St Johnstone for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal after the midfielder agreed a new deal at McDiarmid Park.
The European Union is struggling to find a solution to the migrant crisis, as hundreds of thousands of people continue to arrive in Europe each month, many of them from war-torn countries such as Syria and Iraq.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed a petrol engine that ignites spontaneously, in what it says is the world's first commercial engine to use the technique.
A man has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace's eagle mascot Kayla the Eagle at a FA Cup match at Selhurst Park.
Guatemala's former army chief, General Efrain Rios Montt, has been declared mentally incompetent by a medical examiner, a court has ruled.
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go fans not to try to use its A&E unit to play the augmented reality game.
Newcastle Falcons have signed former Leicester Tigers and Toulouse scrum-half Toby Flood on a free transfer from next season.
Nadia is one of the UK's fastest-rising female MCs, and has just signed a record deal with record label Def Jam.
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury, who had a man sent off in the second half, in a thrilling League One encounter at Valley Parade.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth after successfully docking with the country's first space station, ending a six-day mission that saw three astronauts return to Earth.
The chairman of a group which restored Cardigan Castle has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution", he has said.
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with an extremist far-right gunman, officials say, in what is believed to be the country's first such incident since the end of World War Two.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended the targeting of Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton in Saturday's Six Nations match against England, saying it is "part of rugby" and "not illegal".
Johnston Press, the publisher of The Scotsman and the i newspaper, has reported a sharp rise in annual profits, despite a fall in revenues and operating costs.
Prime Minister David Cameron's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted inspectors, just three months after it was opened by the prime minister.
A campaign to raise £100,000 to fund legal action against former Prime Minister Tony Blair and others involved in the Iraq War has reached its target after raising more than £50,000 in nine hours.
China's Ma Qingjian beat defending champion Zhang Ze to win the men's singles gold medal at the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over Russia's Viktor Troicki in the final.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has become the first woman to complete an Ironman triathlon in the world's longest distance race.
For many years, Philips was the world's biggest home entertainment company, selling TVs, DVD players and other home entertainment products to consumers around the world, including in the US and Europe.
The final piece of hardware for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has passed its final test, paving the way for it to be put on top of a rocket and launched into space next year.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU) despite the fact that it will not be able to force the country to accept independence for the disputed territory.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife, actress Amber Heard, have filed for divorce, according to court papers filed in California.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country, according to two former internationals who have spoken to BBC Sport about their concerns for the future of the country's football.
Police have said there were "no policing issues" during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries and Galloway, which saw 200 horses parade through the centre of the city.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has said the results of her party's survey of the public's views on independence will be published "once it has concluded".
A five-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has paid tribute to the blood donors who saved her life after she was given the all clear from the disease.
Comedian and actress Sophie Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the portrayal of rape and murder in TV dramas, calling them "crime porn".
A shopping centre in east London that was at the centre of a multi-million pound loan default has been sold for just over £10m.
Angolans are celebrating the scrapping of controversial legislation that would have made it a criminal offence to criticise the government on the internet, as the country's opposition and civil society groups say it is a victory for freedom of expression.
Hungary is one of the largest countries in Central Europe, with a population of more than five million people, most of whom are ethnic Hungarians.
A woman's hair was set alight in a "nasty and extremely dangerous" arson attack at a McDonald's restaurant, police have said.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a controversial bill that would make it a crime to be gay or lesbian, his spokesman has told the BBC.
Award-winning director Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of the upcoming film Gods of Egypt for apologising for casting "more diverse" actors in the film, after it was criticised for its lack of diversity.
Wales have reached the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016 finals for the first time in their history after beating Northern Ireland 2-0 in their last-16 tie.
A second teenager has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in south-east London in which she lost her unborn baby.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson is to star in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast, the studio has announced.
Warrenpoint Town will look to extend their unbeaten league run to seven games when they host Dungannon Swifts at Ferney Park on Monday night in the Danske Bank Premiership.
Broadband penetration in Wales is not at the level it should be, according to the head of one of the UK's biggest technology companies.
The parents of a mother-of-two who was stabbed to death in Italy have called for an MP to meet the Italian government to find out why a murder investigation into her death was closed.
UK industrial output fell for the second month in a row in February, according to official figures, while the UK's trade deficit widened to its highest level in more than two years.
Young people in Northern Ireland say they are frustrated by what they see as the lack of progress at Stormont and the political parties are doing to help them get into work.
Swansea City midfielder Callum Grimes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months.
A man has been charged with trying to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison using a drone, police have said.
Gusts of up to 70mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned, with heavy rain and strong winds forecast across the country.
Award-winning author Anil Ghosh has been giving Twitter users a tour of the official residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee in the capital, Delhi, by posting pictures and videos of his visit to the residence on the social media site.
The risk of a repeat of last year's flood which caused the collapse of a Grade II-listed bridge remains high, a report into the disaster has said.
Ipswich Town have signed striker Ryan Moore from Bristol Rovers for an undisclosed fee and defender Lee Spence on a free transfer from MK Dons.
Worcestershire made a solid start to their reply to Glamorgan's first-innings total on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Chelmsford.
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2-0 in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier in Reykjavik, while Italy beat Malta and Wales drew with Bosnia-Hercegovina in Group B.
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, two of the so-called Disappeared, have been formally identified as those of the IRA members, the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains (ICLVR) has said.
Olympic gold medallist Sarah Adlington has opened a new £1.5m swimming and diving centre at a sports centre in Wirral.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has announced plans to build more than 200 homes on the site of the city's former football stadium.
US department store chains Macy's and Kohl's and Nordstrom have reported a sharp fall in sales, as shoppers increasingly shop online and at discount chains such as Amazon.
A TV signal-based "radar" system could be used to detect aircraft and other aircraft flying at high altitude, according to a study by the National Air Traffic Service (Nats).
More than 100 investigations are under way by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into alleged failures by police in dealing with allegations of child sexual abuse in England and Wales, the BBC has learned.
Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Yann Kermorgant on loan from Ajax until the end of the season.
A gene defect linked to male infertility has been identified by scientists for the first time, in what could be a breakthrough in the fight to understand the cause of the condition.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness and his wife Bernie have been taken ill and will not be joining First Minister Arlene Foster on a trade mission to China this week, it has been confirmed.
Bats that have been causing "criminal damage" to an 11th Century church in North Yorkshire for 10 years are continuing to soil the interior of the building, a church warden has said.
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group over the killing of a young left-wing activist in a brawl in Paris, after the suspect in the case admitted striking the victim with a knuckle-duster, a prosecutor has said.
Tony Bellew has ruled himself out of a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua, saying he is "far too good" for the Briton.
Maesteg Harlequins scrum-half Ryan Watkins is the second Welsh rugby player to be banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) for failing a drugs test.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon for the second year in a row with a hard-fought win over qualifier Ekaterina Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is set to more than double in the next 10 years, according to a surveyors' body.
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a 2-0 win at Cheltenham Town.
Greenock Morton defender Kevin Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox would be a "monumental upset" for the Greenock side.
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault in connection with an alleged attack on a woman in Sunderland in January.
Plans for an energy storage scheme at an abandoned quarry in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government.
Macclesfield's National League game at home to Dover has been postponed because of standing water on the playing surface.
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2-0 victory over England in Cardiff in 1986, in the final game of the qualifying campaign for the 1986 World Cup.
Stephen Hawking has joined a judging panel for a science experiment competition on the internet search engine, Gumtree.com.
A man has been arrested in connection with a serious arson attack on a car in West Lothian in the early hours of the morning, police have said.
A disabled man who has Crohn's disease has called for all 22 Welsh councils to be legally obliged to provide adequate public toilets under new plans to tackle budget cuts.
British Airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer from the airline and voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
A suicide bomber who killed dozens of people in the Turkish capital, Ankara, last week was the son of the father of a Kurdish militant, Turkish officials say.
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales.
An 83-year-old man has denied causing the death of a teenage netball player who was dragged underneath his car when it reversed over her at a Renfrewshire petrol station.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than the closure of pits and pubs, the former leader of UKIP's Kent branch has said.
A life-size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley to mark the 50th anniversary of the TV and film star's birth.
The government has been accused of "disgraceful actions" over the pensions of firefighters in England who are due to go on strike in a dispute over the age of retirement.
Clashes between rival forces in the Libyan city of Benghazi have left at least six people dead and more than a dozen injured, medics say, after a day of heavy fighting between forces loyal to a rival army general and Islamist militants.
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £144,000 has told a court he believed he was involved in a "genuine" car crash when he made a personal injury claim.
I'm back at Wimbledon for the second week of the tournament after winning my first-round match against Andreas Seppi in straight sets on Sunday, and I'm looking forward to the rest of the week ahead.
A 17th Century hand-written letter written by King Henry VIII has been revealed in a special episode of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus and OneWeb, the joint venture that wants to build the world's largest constellation of satellites, have begun the process of assembling the spacecraft that will form the backbone of their multi-satellite network.
A three-year-old girl who went missing from her home in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost an appeal against his conviction for murder, which could lead to his jail sentence being increased from five to 15 years, the Supreme Court of Appeal in Bloemfontein has ruled.
A court in Japan has given the go-ahead for the restart of two nuclear reactors that were shut down after the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Aberdeen's first ever comedy festival is getting under way, with more than 100 comedians taking to the stage in the city over the next three weeks.
Former Manchester United and England midfielder Ed Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him to give a statement about being sexually abused as a child.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for revenge porn victims to be given the right to keep their names secret.
The head of India's film censor board has resigned over the apparent clearance of a film starring a controversial religious guru who has more than 50 million followers, in a row that has sparked protests in the northern state of Haryana.
Do you ever wonder if you're going to win a match if you cut your own hair off?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of the BBC's film show Claudia on Film 2016 at the end of the year, the corporation has announced.
More than a third of rail passengers may be paying too much for their journey because they are overpaying, according to new research by the rail regulator.
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff have taken part in a walkout in a dispute over pay and conditions in a row over a 1.1% pay rise.
It's that time of year again - the time of the year when retailers are spending millions of pounds on adverts to get their Christmas messages across to their customers, but how do they do it in a digital age where they can be viewed by anyone, anywhere, at any time?
Scottish engineering firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based Dryco, a provider of HVAC and moisture control services, in a deal that it says will create more than 100 jobs in North America.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has praised Donald Trump's US election victory, saying there are "obvious similarities" between the two men.
Four men have been cautioned by police after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans on social media following his conviction for the offence in 2011.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover 2-1 at Moss Rose and move to within a point of the National League play-off places.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed that a world tour is "definitely happening" to mark 50 years since the band's first gig, and that the band are "playing around" with the idea of going on the road again.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after being knocked out in the first round of the US Open by Aleksandra Krunic.
Barnsley and Preston both missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they played out a goalless draw at Oakwell.
A US basketball player has been banned from playing in South Korea after being accused of fabricating her birth certificate to show she was born in the US and has a South Korean grandmother.
A new scheme to help parents pay for childcare costs in England and Wales will include parents who do not work because they are carers, the government has said.
The site of the 2017 National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion will be chosen by the end of the year, the county council has announced.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned after two years in charge of the Championship club.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who will receive a basic income of €560 (£490; $600) a month over the next two years as part of a government experiment to see if it will cut red tape and encourage more people to work.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Pyrgos says it will be a "huge honour" to captain the team at the World Cup after being named as captain for the first time in the tournament's history.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul have retaken Bazwaya, a town on the outskirts of the city, as part of a major offensive to retake it from the group.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time since his foul-mouthed insult of the US leader at the Asean summit in Laos, officials say.
Taylor Swift says she was "shocked and in disbelief" when she found out she was mistaken for a lookalike of her on social media.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq edging higher but the S&P 500 and Nasdaq both closing lower.
If you've ever watched a football match on TV, you'll know that the best summaries of a game are usually made up of lots of panoramic shots of different parts of the game.
Police are investigating after a human foot was found in a Bristol park - the third to be found in the city in the past two months.
Plans to demolish four buildings to make way for a £100m hotel and apartments have been approved by councillors.
The Supreme Court in Pakistan has postponed the hearing of an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy against the Prophet Muhammad, after a judge recused himself from the case.
Waiting times for mental health patients in Wales are to be cut in half in a bid to improve access to treatment, the Welsh government has announced.
An Australian rugby union player has been charged with supplying cocaine with intent to supply in Queensland, Australia, police have said.
Former England all-rounder Gareth Lewis hopes his experience of life in prison will help young cricketers as he embarks on a two-month tour of England's counties.
Kilmarnock's slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership were dented as they were beaten at home by Ross County, who moved back to the top of the table with victory at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at the Sportsground in Galway.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight for their African Champions League title after being held to a 2-2 draw by Ugandan champions KCCA in the first leg of their last-16 tie in South Africa.
A Cornish tin mine that featured in the BBC drama Poldark is to undergo a £1.5m revamp following the success of the TV series.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused rival Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses, saying the Texas senator "stole" the contest.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after becoming the first Welsh athlete to win two medals at one Olympic Games with a double in Rio.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a three-and-a-half-year deal after succeeding Roy Hodgson.
In the run-up to the general election, political impressionists were left with a bitter taste in their mouths as they tried to recall the names of the politicians they had impersonated over the years.
A letter written by DH Lewis to his then-girlfriend, who would later become his wife, has sold for £3,000 at auction in Gloucestershire.
Loganair has carried out the first stage of a £15m refurbishment of its fleet of Saab 340 aircraft as part of a programme to improve the reliability of some of its services.
Police are searching for a four-year-old girl who went missing from hospital after her family told medical staff her real name was Mashael Aldosari, but may not be the girl's real name.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its 2015 results and shareholders' meeting as it continues to deal with the fallout from the emissions scandal that has hit the German carmaker.
Tens of thousands of people have gone on strike in India's Darjeeling hills in the north-eastern state of West Bengal in a protest over a demand for a separate state for the region's Gorkha community.
Norwich City midfielder Yaya Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was like a "Yaya Toure goal" as he followed up his recent strike against Manchester United with one against his former club.
Great Britain's women produced their best performance of the EuroHockey Championships as they beat New Zealand 4-3 in a thrilling play-off to finish sixth at the World League Final.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), a day after the body's new president, Ahmad, accepted the resignation of outgoing president Issa Hayatou.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a pensioner who has been missing from a Cardiff hospital for more than 24 hours.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's Test captain following Michael Clarke's decision to retire from international cricket following the Ashes defeat by England.
Partick Thistle's Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man who was found "lying in the road, under the influence" of alcohol with his trousers down has been given an unpaid work order and placed under social work supervision for 18 months.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Hector on loan until the end of the season.
The people of Yorkshire should have their own "White Rose Parliament", ex-cabinet minister David Blunkett has said, as he called for the region to be given its own devolved parliament.
Gateshead and Guiseley shared the spoils in the battle of the National League's top two after a draw at the International Stadium.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham defender Luke Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will have a "full debrief" with police and the organisers of Saturday's Orange Order parade after footage emerged of people apparently singing a racist song at the event.
UK scientists are to carry out the first experiments in the world to edit human embryos, the country's fertility regulator has said.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in a thrilling one-day series decider in Melbourne to take a 4-0 lead in the series with a match to spare after a collapse in the third match.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
The health service in England has been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks as the government tries to deal with the aftermath of the Brexit vote and the financial implications of the election result.
The former leader of the Catholic Church in Northern Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue as a priest if he was in the position of Cardinal Sean Brady, the head of the Irish Catholic Church.
Tributes have been paid to two men who died in a crash in Nottinghamshire last month which left two others seriously injured.
Army bomb disposal officers have carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle following a security alert in Edinburgh city centre.
The UK unemployment rate remained unchanged in the three months to June, at 7.8%, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said, as the number of people in work increased by 69,000.
Unilever, the world's biggest household goods maker, has reported a fall in underlying sales for 2014, hit by slowing growth in emerging markets and the impact of the eurozone's debt crisis.
Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga fighters have been exposed to mustard gas during an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants on their positions in northern Iraq, Kurdish officials say.
A man has been rescued from a submerged car following a police chase after it plunged into a reservoir following a suspected stolen car chase.
People in England can now check on the quality of care they receive at care homes on a government-run website, the health minister has said.
An algorithm that will be able to make investment decisions on its own is being developed by a venture capital firm in the US.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered by a US jury to pay $70m (Â£49m) in damages to the family of a woman who died from a cancer caused by using its talcum powder, after a jury found the company liable for her death.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in a sprint finish as Cannondale won their first stage of the race for the first time since 2014.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as Wycombe came from behind to earn a draw at Morecambe and keep their League Two play-off hopes alive.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be thief over the head with a bacon sandwich after she was robbed at knifepoint at a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
All-Ireland club hurling champions Ruairí Óg Cushendall have been given the backing of one of the world's biggest movie stars ahead of the All-Ireland Club Hurling final.
The parents of a three-year-old girl who died after she was found unconscious on a bus have denied murdering her.
The Danish shipping giant Maersk has said it is "pleased" to learn that the crew of a container ship seized off the coast of Iran on Tuesday are safe and in good spirits.
Pedro has been released from hospital after suffering a broken nose in Chelsea's pre-season friendly against China on Saturday.
Three men and a woman have been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with terror offences linked to an alleged plot to carry out a knife attack in the UK.
Labour has held Cardiff South and Penarth, the biggest seat in Wales, in a by-election held after the resignation of the MP for the seat.
Campaigners have marched through the Lincolnshire Wolds in a protest against a planned wind farm near Theddlethorpe, ahead of a public inquiry into the project.
World leaders have begun the process of signing the Paris climate agreement, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama from the event in the French capital, Paris.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of his wife was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, say researchers.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital in County Down is the highest in any health trust in Northern Ireland, according to new figures.
A 19-year-old man has been injured after a firework was thrown through the doorway of a fish and chip shop in north Belfast, leaving him with serious head injuries.
Nigel and Vicki Stevens live in the Spanish town of Benavista on the south-west coast of Spain and, like many British expats, they are planning to vote in the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union on 23 June.
Dozens of bottles of detergent known as "Vanish" have washed up on a Cornish beach, prompting conservationists to warn people to stay away from them.
Yeovil Town Ladies striker Sarah Heatherson has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in racist chanting during the FA Cup semi-final between Chelsea and Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness firm which won contracts worth more than £150,000.
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Oil & Gas have jumped by more than 90% after the company's deal to buy E.On's UK North Sea assets was re-opened following a suspension of trading.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the League of Ireland table as they came from behind to beat Bohemians 2-1 at the Brandywell.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she fired a gun at the tyres of a car being pursued by shoplifters, police say.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough moved into the League One play-off places with a 4-1 win at Bristol Rovers.
One of Pembrokeshire's largest bus companies is being put up for sale, BBC Wales has learned.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jordi Etxabeguren on a one-year contract.
India's capital, Delhi, has been enveloped in thick smog for the second night in a row as the country marks the start of the New Year's Eve celebrations.
Jose Fernandez, a pitcher for the Miami Marlins baseball team, was born in Havana, Cuba, to a Cuban father and an American mother, both of whom fled to the United States when he was five years old.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between Sunni tribesmen and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials and tribal leaders say.
An Air Canada flight from Toronto to San Francisco came within 30m of crashing into four planes on a taxiway at San Francisco's airport, a preliminary report has said.
Three Rotherham brothers have been jailed for a total of 18 years after being found guilty of a string of sex offences against girls as young as 12.
The House of Lords has warned that the UK's fishing communities could be at risk of being "marginalised" if the government fails to secure a free trade deal with the EU after Brexit.
David Cameron made a last-ditch appeal to Angela Merkel to try to shore up the pro-EU campaign in the final days of the EU referendum campaign, BBC Newsnight has learned.
In the aftermath of the Westminster terror attack, the BBC's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake takes a look at some of the questions people have been asking about security in London.
Arsenal have agreed a deal to sign Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, subject to international clearance.
Rescue teams in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide that has killed at least 123 people in the south-eastern province of Antioquia, officials say.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in east London as part of the investigation into the terror attack on London Bridge and Borough Market on 7 June, police have said.
Former Spanish Football Federation president Angel Maria Villar has resigned from Uefa, the governing body of European football, following his arrest on corruption charges.
Plans to ban the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland could have a "massive" impact on animal displays in shopping centres, shopping centres and zoos, MSPs have been told.
A man with paranoid schizophrenia and anti-social personality disorder who stabbed a healthcare assistant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 25 years.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a second suspected al-Qaeda fighter accused of involvement in the murder of Syrian government employees in 2013.
Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town to move back into the Championship play-off places.
A fuel additive has been linked to the high rupture rate of breast implants given to hundreds of thousands of women in Europe, according to a report by French TV channel RTL.
The Welsh Labour leader has told delegates at the party's conference in Cardiff that a Welsh Labour government would be "fighting for Wales in Westminster and taking on the Tories' appalling treatment of our nation" at Westminster.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in 20 years, in Kiev, Ukraine, with a song in the Portuguese language, in a competition dominated by English lyrics.
Four Gloucestershire councillors have been accused of nodding off during a televised debate on children's services after a BBC film showed them nodding off at the end of the meeting.
Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne lost out in a play-off to Italy's Francesco Molinari in the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
A record number of godwits have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree in the Western Isles this year, according to conservationists.
Papers in China have condemned as "disastrous" comments by the US secretary of state nominee on China's island-building in the South China Sea, saying it would set the US on a course for "devastating confrontation".
The hunt for a large cat that sparked a major security alert in northern France has been scaled back after experts said it was probably not a wolf or wolf, reports say.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into the illegal use of malware to spy on people through their webcams, the National Crime Agency has said.
Fifa has confirmed it will not appoint an independent chairman of its reform taskforce, despite reports the post had been offered to the head of Uefa's audit and compliance committee.
A children's book written by the author of the It film adaptation has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award for the second year in a row.
Nurses at Eastbourne General Hospital have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade services at the hospital and move them to the Conquest Hospital in Hastings.
Guinea has become the first country in West Africa to be declared free of the Ebola virus after more than three years of fighting the disease.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK, the Commons petitions committee has announced.
A 17th Century oil painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after more than £1m was raised to save it from being put up for auction.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at his home in Leigh at the age of 72.
A pilot has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire, leaving him stuck in the wreckage.
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall has accused Millwall fans of "intimidation and intimidation" after a pitch invasion at the end of their League One play-off final defeat.
The next stage of scrutiny of the Scotland Bill has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations between the Scottish and UK governments on the fiscal framework for new tax powers to progress.
A Palestinian high court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections due to be held in the West Bank and Gaza next month, after a challenge by the Fatah movement was rejected by the Palestinian Authority's high court.
Nigeria's former National Security Adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested in connection with an alleged $1.3bn (£1.1bn) arms deal, his lawyer has said.
Georgia head coach Alexander Haig says his team want to be included in an expanded Six Nations, saying they have "outgrown" the current tier of international rugby.
The family of a 70-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in South Lanarkshire have paid tribute to their "much-loved mother and grandmother".
A leading Nigerian actress has been banned from the country's Hausa film industry after she was criticised for "crossing the line" by appearing to hold hands with a pop star in a video.
UK house prices have risen faster in England than in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, official figures show, as the housing market continues to recover from last year's slump.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres, a Nobel Peace Prize winner and founding father of Israel, has died at the age of 93.
A project to celebrate the life and work of one of Scotland's most famous poets is to be launched in his home town of Strathnaver in Mackay.
"We're the young people of Timbuktu, we can now dance and do whatever we want," says 22-year-old Ibrahim Toure, as he and his friends dance and sing in the centre of the Malian city.
A Merthyr Tydfil police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in a street attack in the town last year.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after a six-year-old girl was bitten on the face during a drugs test, the Ministry of Justice has said.
In a remote corner of the Amazon rainforest in northern Peru, you might be forgiven for thinking that you are in the middle of a desert.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not yet have figures for the number of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation in the country.
One of the world's most famous collectors of memorabilia has died after a long illness, his friends have said.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for the Muslim community, a former senior police officer has told the BBC.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after losing their opening three matches at the European Championships.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors ended the week down more than 5% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for some of its vehicles.
The Foreign Secretary has returned to Libya for the first time since the country's civil war ended in 2011 with the appointment of a UN-backed government, which has been in power since the end of last year, but which has yet to take office.
Hollywood star George Clooney has been given the go-ahead to install CCTV cameras in the grounds of his Oxfordshire home.
In the run-up to the general election on 8 June, we're bringing you a daily guide to the issues that matter to you, with a focus on what you never knew about the parties and the issues you care about.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union (EU) would make policing in Northern Ireland "more complicated and more costly".
Stephen Keshi has signed a new three-year contract to return as Nigeria coach for a second time, with the Super Eagles having failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations for the second time in three years.
South Africa completed a 3-0 Twenty20 series whitewash over England with a stunning eight-wicket victory in the final match of their tour as the hosts completed a 2-0 series win.
Lille defender Souleymane Bissouma has signed a new two-year contract with the French Ligue 1 club, extending his contract with them until 2019.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester for the annual Diwali lights switch-on and firework display in the city centre, thought to be one of the largest in the UK.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory in Bloemfontein has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) for the third time in less than a year, the body has announced.
A Channel Islands lifeboat station has been taken off service after a volunteer was asked to stand down for "serious breaches of the RNLI's Volunteer Code of Conduct", the charity has said.
Virat Kohli's India will take on Pakistan in Sunday's Champions Trophy final at The Oval, and it will be a chance for the world's best cricketers to show that they can cope with the pressure that comes with leading a team into the final of a major tournament.
A vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenage girl has been cleared of all charges after prosecutors said there was "insufficient evidence" to bring a case against him.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea are to continue next week in a bid to resolve a dispute between unions and the Wood Group, the oil and gas company.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford, despite a solid batting display from their bowlers.
A man who posed as a Polish national to dupe a taxi driver into carrying out a bank robbery has admitted trying to set off a fake bomb in his cab.
A Labour peer who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the party has been offered a peerage by Jeremy Corbyn in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
When I first met the man who claims to be the creator of the Bitcoin virtual currency, I arrived at his home in London's West End to film an interview for the BBC's Inside Bitcoins programme, and I was a little taken aback by the atmosphere in the room where he was working.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed by a car in Salford.
A consultation into the future of maternity services in Wrexham and Denbighshire has been launched by health bosses following a legal challenge against plans to downgrade services.
A hacking group believed to be based in North Korea is believed to have been behind the global ransomware attack that hit organisations around the world in May, the BBC has learned.
Powys council is to take on the role of the former Office of Fair Trading (OFT) for estate agents in Powys.
They are two of the most decorated British Olympians of all time, but what makes Laura Trott and Jason Kenny so special, and what makes them so special for each other, is that they are not just the best in the world at their sport, but also the most ordinary.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has found evidence that at least 6,800 people who died in detention or after being transferred from detention to a military hospital in Syria were tortured and killed by the government.
The Northern Ireland secretary of state has been asked to explain why he did not take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has launched an investigation into an incident in which a club official appeared to strike the head of Ivory Coast's national team coach Didier Otogo-Castane during a match.
The sign reads "JOBS" and the Republican candidate for president is holding a sign that reads "jobs, jobs, jobs" as he makes his way to a rally in Ohio, but the message is clear: you have to vote for him, or she, or he, or they.
Gaia Vince is the winner of the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for Fiction for her book about living in the Anthropocene, a time of unprecedented change for the Earth.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters in the Thai capital, Bangkok, are staging a third day of protests, calling for the prime minister to step down ahead of elections due on 2 February.
A man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a 92-year-old woman who was run over by her own car.
The Scottish government will not be given the power to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD) for direct long-haul flights from Scottish airports for now, despite calls for the tax to be devolved.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team for the 2017 summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have blown up an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq, according to satellite images released by the US-led coalition fighting the jihadist group.
There is no significant difference in the risk of suicide between veterans and non-veterans, according to a new study of more than 60,000 Scottish veterans.
More than 1.2 million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to social care services, according to a new report.
James Anderson has hit back at criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan after Geoffrey Boycott said he was "not as good as he thinks he is".
One of Scotland's most famous landmarks is set to become the new home of Peter Pan after a five-year campaign to turn it into a national centre for children's literature.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyrraedd y pedwerydd safle ar y 10 uchaf ar draws y byd, gyda Choquequirao ym Mheriw ar y brig.
The NHS is being used as a "guinea pig" for "creeping privatisation", the Green Party's parliamentary candidate for Newcastle-under-Lyme has claimed.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined more than £40m by the UK's competition watchdog after it found it broke the law by paying out millions of pounds in illegal payments to its competitors.
The founder of Italian football club AC Milan should be honoured in his home city of Nottingham, according to the author of a new book about the club's founder.
A second case of bird flu has been found at a farm in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van while working on a dual carriageway in Devon.
An armed security contractor with a criminal record was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama in a government building while he was on a visit to Atlanta, US media report, and was then asked to hand over his gun by Secret Service agents.
Bydd Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Ynys Môn yn cael ei chynnal rhwng 5-12 o Awst wedi dweud eu swyddogion hwy ynghyd â Chy
The former leader of Myanmar's main opposition party, Shwe Mann, has met the country's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi to discuss possible political co-operation ahead of elections, reports say.
No-one will be prosecuted over a "horrific" hunt in which hundreds of dogs were allegedly used to kill a fox, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
John Boehner, the US House of Representatives Speaker who has been known to cry at a number of public events over the years, has announced he will step down from Congress at the end of October.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the latest in a series of high-profile visits to the US, where he's met some of the country's best-known and most successful technology leaders, including Bill Gates, Steve Ballmer and Satya Nadella.
Keith Hellawell, the chairman of Sports Direct, has said he will not stand for re-election as chairman in next year's annual general meeting, blaming a "campaign" of "extreme political, union and media campaign" for the collapse of the firm's reputation.
Two Canadian citizens have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking, according to a Canadian public broadcaster, after a circus was raided in the capital, Beijing.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a different guest each week.
The US has said it is ready to help Libya's UN-backed unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) by training and equipping its forces.
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations that the party has a "slush fund" for illegal donations.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have held historic talks in Dhaka, but failed to reach agreement on key issues on their first visit to each other's countries for 12 years.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer who thought his abuser was dead until he found his obituary and found out he had been convicted of the same offences.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "not on Zlatan Ibrahimovic's case" as he prepares for Saturday's Premier League trip to Everton, but is not interested in signing the striker.
Four British and Canadian tourists who stripped off on a Malaysian mountain and caused an earthquake have been released from jail after being found guilty of public indecency, their lawyer has said.
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot in the UK box office for a second week, with Mila Kunis' latest release edging out Suicide Squad for the second week in a row.
The proportion of women in the UK having a Caesarean section is higher than anywhere else in the European Union, according to a study.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended after allegations of gross misconduct were made against him, the authority has confirmed.
Great Britain's bid to host the World Taekwondo Championships in 2017 has been approved by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) after the country's bid team beat off competition from Houston, Texas, to win the right to stage the event in 2017.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club, keeping him at the club until 2019.
Mae cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy gyfrwng y Gymraeg yn yr ysgol yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu
Welshman Mark Williams will play in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship for the first time in his career on Tuesday.
Three people have been charged after a protest against plans to expand Heathrow Airport was held in the early hours of the morning, police have said.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump after less than a week in the job.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Nasser Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta after their contracts expired at the end of the season, along with seven other players.
A former Gloucestershire Police community support officer has been jailed for carrying out sex attacks on women he met through the force's social work unit.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival, the organiser of the event has told Newsbeat.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has not yet received the travel documents he needs to leave Russia, his lawyer has said, contradicting earlier reports that he had received them.
Norwich City assistant manager Steve Money is to leave the Championship club at the end of the season to take up a role as a scout for another club.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country will not hesitate to take action against Israel if there is a threat to its security in the Middle East, as reports emerge of a Russian military build-up in Syria.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized on a river in Surrey, prompting a major search operation by police and emergency services.
A fountain in memory of seven World War Two Czech and Slovak soldiers who took part in a daring mission to assassinate a Nazi high-ranking officer has been restored after a £10,000 fundraising campaign.
The organisers of a year-long cultural festival in Hull have said they have raised more than £30m for events in the city, including the opening of the 2016 Tour de France and the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict.
Austria has said it will halve the number of asylum-seekers it takes in as it tries to cope with a huge influx of migrants from Syria and other war zones.
Investigators looking into the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine say they have found parts from a missile system that could be linked to the disaster, but say they need more time to examine them.
A former council youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was refused permission to become a foster carer because he had been investigated for inappropriate behaviour with children in 2005, a report has revealed.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia is set to have a bone marrow transplant after being treated in the United States.
The fossilised remains of one of the world's oldest pine trees have been found in a Canadian quarry, shedding new light on the early history of the tree's evolution.
Plans for a £22m project to recharge a Dorset beach have been "completely open and transparent", Dorset County Council's chief executive has said.
Chelsea are back at the top of the Premier League table and Antonio Conte is leading the way as the Blues' new manager with aplomb, but how is he doing it all with a touch of theatre on the touchline and a lot of hard work on the pitch?
Olympic silver medallist Jack Burnell won the men's 100m backstroke in his first race since the Rio 2016 Olympics with victory in the London Marathon on Sunday.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) will not have the support of the Ulster Unionists at the Northern Ireland Executive table.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Nelson and Hartlepool United striker Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during the Premier League match between Leicester City and Aston Villa at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Three members of staff at a private school have been arrested following the death of a pupil who fell into a swimming pool and suffered serious head injuries.
Emma Croker will make her first Six Nations start for England women after being named in the starting line-up for Saturday's match against Ireland.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night.
Debris from a wood on the banks of Loch Ness could have been the source of one of the most famous sightings of the Loch Ness Monster, it has been claimed.
Growth in the UK economy slowed in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures, but remained higher than at any time since the global financial crisis in 2008.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed after a section of the road was damaged by a lorry.
Mauritius police have seized heroin with an estimated street value of more than $1m (Â£700,000) from one of the country's best-known footballers, Jean Leopold.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to victory in a Mercedes one-two in a dominant race at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst's autobiography is to be published by Penguin Books later this year, chronicling the life and work of the artist, who was born in Leeds and grew up in a "pretty bad situation" in the 1980s.
Aberdeen chairman Derek Milne has said the club will continue to press ahead with plans for a new stadium, despite a loss for the club for the year to June.
Two dogs taken in by an animal sanctuary after their owner was killed in a motorbike crash in Snowdonia have been found a new home.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a three-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a crash in which seven people were injured.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Staffordshire.
Arsenal Ladies have extended the contract of Ivory Coast international midfielder Carli Lloyd until the end of the 2017-18 Women's Super League season, the club has announced.
A gym which closed its doors to the public last month is set to reopen in time for the Easter holidays, it has been announced.
Benedetto Morricone says he was "flattered" to be asked to score Quentin Tarantino's new Western The Hateful Eight, despite previously saying the director was "too violent and too ghastly" for his taste.
Nigeria's Isaac Dasaolu secured his place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 100m on the final day of the British Championships in London.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report by a social services body, and the country's poorest children are the most at risk of poverty in the world's richest nation.
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 200 jobs at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle, creating up to 100 new jobs in the city.
New Leicester Lions owner Steve Bates says he hopes to have a new team in place by the start of the new season after taking over as the club's new owner.
A man has died after being found with serious head injuries at an industrial estate in Derbyshire, Northamptonshire Police has said.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl has been remanded in custody at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
Detectives investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man who was attacked with an axe and knife a year ago have renewed their appeal for information about his death.
Contractors who use racist language and use unauthorised restraint techniques while escorting deportees on flights should be sacked, a group of MPs has said in a report.
A Ugandan scientist has developed a new approach to understanding the causes of breast cancer, which she says could lead to a new treatment for the disease.
Early treatment of people with HIV can halve the risk of Aids, a major study has found, in a move that could change the way the disease is treated around the world.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder David McAllister on a one-year deal.
Farmers in England will be able to clear ditches up to 1.5km (1.1 miles) in length from April under new government plans to reduce the risk of flooding, the government has announced.
A man dubbed the "Fred Flintstone" of Europe's Strongest Man has won the title for the second year in a row - and broke a world record in the process.
More than 5,000 people in the UK were conned out of their holiday money last year by travel-related scams, according to figures released by fraud prevention group Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found a lack of respect for women in some of the private Muslim and Christian schools inspected in the first wave of Ofsted inspections since the watchdog took over inspection of independent schools.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner as their overseas player for the 2017 season after he returned from injury to play for the county in 2016.
West Ham Ladies have signed a new five-year deal with the club, which will see the women's team play in the FA Women's Premier League for the first time in their history.
The lack of opportunities for young people from poorer backgrounds in the arts in England is contributing to a "diversity crisis" on our stages and screens, according to a report commissioned by the Labour Party.
Southampton progressed to the second round of the EFL Cup with a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Ex-Al Ahli boss Kevin O'Leary has been awarded £1.5m in compensation after Fifa rejected his claim for unfair dismissal from the club.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
Twenty-six Italian athletes, including two Olympic medallists, have been charged with failing drugs tests by the country's anti-doping authorities.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and hired men to set fire to her home has been jailed for 12 years.
Mexican footballer Javier Pulido, who was kidnapped on Saturday, called an emergency number on his mobile phone and threatened his kidnapper while on the phone, Mexican officials say.
Leicester City's poor start to the Premier League season continued as they were beaten at home by Bournemouth, who moved to within five points of the top four.
Uefa president Michel Platini is to appeal against his six-month ban from football's world governing body Fifa after being found guilty of corruption charges over a 2m euros (£1.35m) payment made to him by the organisation's ethics committee.
The airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year in October, despite reports that it is in talks with the aviation regulator about its financial situation.
Plans to create a new unitary authority in the Cotswold area could lead to the "end" of police services in the area, a police and crime commissioner has said.
A council has warned it faces a £134m increase in the amount of cuts it will need to make by 2019, up from £123m it predicted in 2014, as it tries to balance the books for the first time since taking office.
Goldman Sachs will no longer conduct face-to-face interviews with students as part of its recruitment process, in a move it hopes will help it find the next Lloyd Blankfein.
Liverpool maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season as they came from behind to beat Leicester City in front of their biggest crowd of the season at Anfield.
Gloucester will face Bath in the European Challenge Cup final for the second year in a row after beating La Rochelle to reach the final of the competition for the first time in their history.
A couple in New Zealand have become the first in the world to marry under the controversial Pastafarian religion of spaghetti and meatballs, which believes that the world was created by a flying spaghetti-and-meatballs-based being.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged two alleged members of Russia's FSB intelligence agency with hacking into Yahoo accounts and stealing data on up to 30 million accounts.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called on Premier League clubs to set up their own in-house ticket exchange to stop fans being "duped" into buying and selling illegally.
The chief executive of infidelity dating website Ashley Madison has been the victim of a hack attack, according to security experts, who have confirmed that the latest batch of emails from the site's founder has been released.
The population of Northern Ireland is expected to rise by more than 400,000 between mid-2014 and mid-2039, according to a new report.
Conor Thomas scored a stoppage-time winner as Swindon Town came from behind to beat Millwall in the League One game at the County Ground.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who was reported missing in May have launched a national appeal for information after receiving a letter claiming he was dead.
A lorry carrying wind turbine parts has ended up in a ditch on a country road in the south west of Scotland after being involved in a collision with another lorry.
Artificial intelligence (AI) software has been trained to diagnose skin cancer at the same level as board-certified dermatologists, according to US researchers.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's opening Premier League game of the season against Tottenham because he is "not capable" of doing so, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence for drink-driving after he was caught driving while over the drink-drive limit.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
An orphaned golden eagle has been released back into the wild after being rescued from a Pembrokeshire field in a bid to save its life.
US talk show host and actress Rosie O'Donnell has had a heart attack and had a stent inserted after suffering a "widow maker" attack, she has revealed.
A memorial service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of VJ Day.
Tributes have been paid to a boxer who died after being hit by a punch in a boxing match.
Rescue workers in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where dozens of people died in a landslide on Monday, have begun burying the bodies of those who died in flash floods that swept through the town on Sunday.
Venezuela and Cuba are in the midst of one of the worst economic crises in the history of Latin America, and there are growing fears that the two countries are on the verge of a full-scale civil war.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years to allow work to be carried out on the Tower of London's clock tower.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side "deserved" to win Saturday's 1-1 draw at Real Madrid, despite Luka Modric's late equaliser for the Spanish champions.
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was shot by hounds at a hunt in North Lanarkshire, despite claims to the contrary by conservationists.
A former purchasing manager who defrauded his employer out of more than £100,000 has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to his former colleagues after he was jailed for fraud.
Russia's agriculture minister has dismissed the idea of a European ban on the import of Russian wine as "ridiculous", but it's not the first time he's suggested it could be on the cards.
The family of a British man detained in India for more than a year have said they are "devastated" after the Supreme Court postponed the hearing of their case.
The number of vacant nursing and midwifery posts in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a quarter in the past year, according to official figures.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched his other son in the stomach at the same time he punched him in the face, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for the wreck of HMS Coventry after the warship was sunk in the Falklands 30 years ago has spoken of the "near misses" and near misses he had while working on the mission.
Wales' first wave and tidal energy demonstration zones have been given the go-ahead by the Crown Estate, paving the way for further development of the technology off the coast of Pembrokeshire and Anglesey.
Jockey AP McCoy ended his 20-year career on a high as he was presented with the champion jockey's trophy at Cheltenham on the final day of the Grand National meeting.
A judge has ruled that Jet2 must pay compensation to passengers who were delayed for more than seven hours on a flight from Manchester to Malaga, after the airline lost a case in the Netherlands over the issue.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spied on her mobile phone are "grave" and that "new trust" must be restored between the two countries.
Swansea City's Under-21s have won the Championship title for the second time in three years after beating Reading in the final of the EFL Trophy on Sunday.
Plans to turn part of a major road into a dual carriageway near Stonehenge could "undermine" the 5,000-year-old monument, an MP has warned.
Andy Burnham has said he has "an outside but realistic chance of winning" the Labour leadership contest, after finishing third in the three-way race.
The prime minister has refused to rule out cutting the top rate of income tax for those earning over £150,000, saying it is "not our policy".
Aung San Suu Kyi's failure to condemn the "mass atrocities" being committed against the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is an outrage, say human rights activists.
In the past, inheritance tax (IHT) was seen as something of an afterthought for many people - a matter of convenience for those who wanted to pass on money or property to their children and grandchildren without paying any tax at all.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed a deal to buy a stockbroking business from Brewin Dolphin, as part of a drive to expand its financial retail division.
The BBC World Service is to be expanded by £289m over the next five years, with the launch of 11 new language services, including Pidgin, as part of plans to reach half a billion people around the world by 2022.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £1m car insurance fraud in which he staged collisions between cars and buses in a bid to defraud First Group, the company that owns the buses.
A Canadian man has told of the moment he was struck by lightning during his son-in-law's wedding ceremony - just as he was about to tell him he was "a lucky guy".
Children under three years old who play with touchscreens are less likely to sleep well at night, according to the first study to look at the impact of the technology on their sleep.
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of fly-half Laurence Pope, scrum-half Alex May and centre Tom Moyle until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Two teenagers have been killed in a two-car crash in Cumbria, police have said.
More than 18 out of 22 councils in Wales are broadcasting their council meetings online, the Welsh Government has said, as it considers making it a "statutory requirement" for all to do so.
Kurtley Beale scored two tries as Wasps moved into the Premiership's top four with a comfortable win over Bath at the Ricoh Arena.
Ricky Gervais' wife Nikki has been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe on the internet and how she deals with trolls.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Scottish footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to turn up to court for a court appearance in connection with a motoring offence.
Somalia's government has released a video purporting to show the moment a suspected suicide bomber blew himself up on a Daallo Airlines flight to Djibouti last week, killing all 74 people on board.
Argentina's new president-elect, Mauricio Macri, has made his first public appearance since Sunday night's historic election victory rally in Buenos Aires, answering questions from the media.
The mother of a man accused of murdering an elderly cyclist has told a court she feared for her son's safety after he called her to tell her he had done "something really bad or something really wrong".
Investors are being asked to buy shares in a Grade II-listed pier damaged by fire in 2010 in a bid to raise more than £300,000 to help fund its restoration.
Microsoft has admitted that it searched a blogger's Hotmail account in order to find out the identity of a former employee.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Minister Ken Skates has been told by Network Rail, BBC Wales has learned.
A man has died in hospital following a crash in County Antrim.
A statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes has been removed from the campus of a top South African university after weeks of protests by black students.
Newport County boss Graham Westley's criticism of the state of the Rodney Parade pitch is "unhelpful", says the club's chief executive Gareth Davies.
A record 66.6% of pupils in Wales have achieved A* to C grades in their GCSEs, according to the latest results.
East Midlands Airport has marked 50 years since it was officially opened by the Duke of Edinburgh, with a party to mark the anniversary of the airport's opening.
The UK is "not a safe haven" for fugitives from the UK who have fled to Spain, police have said, as they launched a new appeal for help to track down the country's most wanted fugitives.
British number two Andy Murray's team-mate Jamie Sears has been fined $10,000 (£6,000) by Wimbledon for swearing during the tournament.
Boat owners have been warned by the States of Jersey to take care after a number of birds and seabirds were disturbed on a group of coral reefs in the Channel Islands.
People in Wrexham are being asked to come up with a name for a new high-security prison which will be built in the town.
Forest Green Rovers have signed left-back Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Tawe in Cumbria after he got into difficulty while swimming in the water.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog at a house in Gateshead, Northumberland, police have said.
A man accused of removing an electronic monitoring tag from his ankle in an attempt to take his dog for a morning walk has been refused bail after a judge said it would "defy all the rules of logic and sense".
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" by Tata Steel's management buyout offer, saying it sends the "right message" to the steel industry.
A man who uses a horse-drawn car to get into a McDonald's drive-thru has said he will stay on the car park until the issue is resolved.
Valencia's winless run in La Liga extended to eight games as Diego Sanabria's second-half penalty gave Atletico Madrid victory at the Mestalla and left manager Gary Neville without a win in his first game in charge of the club.
A judge in Brazil has found a rancher guilty of the murder of a conservationist who was shot dead during a land dispute in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet may be more effective at losing weight than a low-carb one, according to US scientists who have carried out a trial in a laboratory.
A prison criticised for high levels of violence and self-harming has been told to make "significant improvements" by inspectors.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain team for the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Serbia, where she will attempt to add to her three British indoor records.
The future of the NHS in Wales will be a key issue in May's general election, the parties have said, as they clashed over how to pay for extra staff and funding.
Hospitals in Scotland are spending an average of £3.18 per day on meals and snacks for patients, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Apple has forecast a fall in revenues for the next three months, after it reported flat sales of iPhones in the first three months of the year and warned of a "very difficult macroeconomic environment" in China.
A British trader accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market has appeared in court in London accused of making millions of pounds in illegal profits.
Great Britain will play Argentina in the semi-finals of the Davis Cup at the All England Lawn Tennis Club in Birmingham next month.
An Australian airport security officer has been sacked after a security check on Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney's airport was found to have been inappropriate, the foreign ministry has said.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial estate in Edenderry, County Londonderry.
A former police detective who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of gross misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Riki van der Nerwe on a two-year contract.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to flee their homes as a wildfire in California continues to burn out of control, with more than 100 homes destroyed and dozens of others damaged.
Aberdeen-based gas compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised £1.5m in new funding to expand its manufacturing operations in Edinburgh.
The Bank of Scotland has launched a new plastic version of its £5 note, which features images of the Forth Bridge on the front and back.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw at home by Ipswich Town.
When Dutee Chand arrived at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014, she was one of the world's brightest young sprinters, and the face of a debate about the validity of so-called gender tests around naturally high testosterone levels in female athletes.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized more than 160 kilos of herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of more than €10m (£7.5m) in an operation in the west of the country.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of trying to "slice and disappear" from the world by insisting on "crazy" conditions for co-operation with Israel, in a speech to the leaders of four European Union member states.
A business leader has called for Cardiff International Airport to be renamed the Robert Owen International Airport in memory of the man who died in a plane crash in the 1970s.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a woman found stabbed to death in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
UCI president Brian Cookson says he is "not trying to dodge any of his responsibility" for the "lacking" of governance at British Cycling, which led to the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton last year.
BBC Scotland will be hosting an election debate with six of the main political parties in Scotland on Thursday, 7 May at 19:00 BST on BBC One Scotland.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British press of "bias, prejudices and attacks" during a speech in the City of London, during his first visit to the UK as prime minister.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by more than 20% from next year, despite concerns that the move could hit poorer couples.
Relatives of two World War One soldiers whose bodies were found in Belgium more than 100 years ago have been reunited with their loved ones after their remains were identified following a DNA test.
Mae cynllun peilot yng Nghwm Cynon a Chastell-nedd wedi gwella cyfraddau goresgyn canser gwasanaeth iechyd yn Nenmarc ar ôl i feddygon ymwe
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud mai'r nod yw "darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol" wrth adael yr Undeb E
The Ministry of Defence is to release land at 13 military sites in England and Wales for the construction of up to 12,000 new homes, the government has announced.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge twice came from behind to earn a draw against Wycombe Wanderers and move off the bottom of the League Two table.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 71 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to complete a 3-0 Twenty20 series whitewash with a five-wicket win at Taunton.
A chameleon that was found in a Cardiff park has been put down after being abandoned by its owners and then released into the wild, RSPCA Cymru has said.
The organisers of this year's T in the Park music festival say they have made major improvements to the campsite layout and management after last year's event was marred by safety concerns.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been extended to a new area in the southern part of the search zone after a Chinese fishing boat redetected a second signal, Australian officials say.
If you've ever suffered from depression or anxiety, you'll know the feeling of being stuck in a dark and lonely place, unable to get out of it, and feeling like you can't do anything about it.
A look back at some of the top stories from the world of entertainment over the past 24 hours.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died in a car crash near Forfar who was a coach with a Premiership rugby union club.
Liverpool have completed the signing of midfielder Jordan Henderson from Sunderland on a five-year contract.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Birmingham City striker Michael Vaughan on loan for the rest of the season after his loan spell at the Championship club was terminated by mutual consent.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Gwynedd, police have said.
AFC Wimbledon, Hartlepool United and Bristol City are among the football clubs to announce plans to make a film about their history on Friday - but what about the rest of the country's clubs?
When the first World Cup was held in India in 1954, the country's cricket-loving population was still largely dominated by cricket, and the sport was largely ignored by the rest of the world, with only a handful of clubs and clubs from outside the country interested in taking up the game.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City's 2-1 win over Aston Villa was "fantastic for the team" after a "hard few weeks" for the Premier League strugglers.
Mick Fanning won the World Surf League (WSL) Pipe Masters title on the final day of competition in Hawaii, a day after learning his brother Peter Fanning had died.
Dutchman Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second year in a row as the race got under way in Yorkshire on Friday.
Greece is one of the biggest economies in the world, but it's been in trouble for a long time.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun following a security alert in south London.
Fifa's annual congress is taking place in Zurich this week and delegates from around the world are expected to hear about the corruption scandal engulfing football's world governing body.
The only "sensible plan" for the HS2 project is to abandon plans to redevelop Euston station altogether, an MP has said, as he accused the company behind the project of offering commuters "all of the pain and none of the gain".
Plans for more than 700 student accommodation in Belfast city centre have been submitted for a new development on Donegall Street, close to Queens University, Belfast.
The amount of money spent on film production in the UK reached an all-time high last year, according to figures from the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms are to host a series of concerts featuring the work of more than 1,000 primary school pupils from across Wales as part of the BBC's Ten Pieces project.
Britain's only other Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m has broken the British record for the event for the first time, according to his college team-mate Jarrad Mitchell-Blake.
Argentina progressed to the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup with a 4-0 win over Guinea in South Korea, while Guinea were knocked out of the tournament with a 1-0 defeat by England.
Six teenagers who stole mopeds and cars at knifepoint and threatened motorists with knives in a series of armed robberies have been jailed.
Dundee Football Club's American owner has confirmed that the club is planning to build a new stadium on land near the club's Dens Park ground.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles as she beat elder sister Venus to win the Australian Open for the 23rd time and record a record 23rd Grand Slam title.
EastEnders actor Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards for his role as Mick Carter in the BBC One soap.
Councillors are to discuss a number of major infrastructure projects as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal later.
The Green Party of Wales has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy production and delivery.
Plans are being drawn up to improve the appearance of a park in Bristol which was bought by Crown Estates, the new owners of the city centre car park.
David Coetzer believes Scotland's return to international cricket is "huge" as they prepare to face Afghanistan in the first of a two-match one-day series in Edinburgh this week.
The childhood home of John Lennon has been sold at auction for £250,000 - more than three times the price of the property where he lived when he was born in Liverpool.
A World War One medal found in a field in Denbighshire has been reunited with the family of a soldier who served in the conflict.
The mother of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years after he died has said she is "devastated" his family has been left "half of him" and "sickened" by the discovery.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has said he is "devastated" by the injury suffered by new signing Jordan Houghton, who broke his leg during pre-season training on Friday.
Mainland Chinese shares have fallen for a third day in a row, dragged down by the Shanghai Composite and Hong Kong's Hang Seng indexes, as investors remained cautious ahead of a raft of new share offerings next week.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets scrum-half Scott Williams, which would have kept him at the region until the end of the 2017-18 season.
A crane has been used to remove drugs and mobile phones from the roof of a prison after they became lodged on the roof.
The families of two motorcyclists who were killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to their "legendary" loved ones.
Two ex-prisoners who used to run a print shop in a Leeds prison are helping ex-offenders find work outside the prison walls.
Mexican investigators have begun exhuming the remains of more than 100 people found buried in a mass grave in the western state of Morelos, in the latest step in a probe into the disappearance of thousands of people in the country's drug war.
Ecologists are warning that many species of animal and plant are at risk of extinction because of the impact of global warming.
Plans to build a new motorway on protected land in the Gwent Levels would have an "adverse impact" on rare species, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and kept interest rates on hold, but mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100.
Prime Minister Theresa May has received a letter from the chairman of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire, which killed at least 80 people, and will consider it, Downing Street has said.
A German man working for the country's foreign intelligence service has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German prosecutors say.
Two performances of Matilda have been cancelled at the Royal Shakespeare Company's West End theatre after the actress playing the title character was unable to sing because of a voice injury.
Calls have been made by Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) for a "clean-up" of the private parking industry in Scotland after a rise in the number of complaints about the way drivers are being charged for parking in car parks.
Labour has held on to Cardiff North, beating the Conservatives by more than 2,000 votes in a general election victory in the city.
Eurozone finance ministers have backed Greece's pro-bailout New Democracy party, which has won Sunday's election and is expected to form a government, in the hope that it will be able to renegotiate the terms of its bailout deal with its creditors.
Is Opec, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), the group of oil producers that includes Saudi Arabia, Russia, Iran, Iraq, Nigeria and Libya, about to get tough on the price of oil?
Switzerland striker Zeljko Mehmedi says too much attention is focused on Lionel Messi as his side prepare to face Argentina at the World Cup on Thursday.
David Cameron's visit to the Vale of Glamorgan today was the prime minister's third visit to Wales in the space of a year.
No criminal proceedings will be taken against a man accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl at an Aberdeen cadet base.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and re-signed midfielder Ryan McAllister on a one-month loan deal.
An Indian film festival has been refused permission to show a documentary about the caste system in the meat industry because it dealt with the issue of beef, the director of the festival has told the BBC.
Archaeologists have pieced together fragments of stone flooring from the ruins of a former Jewish temple in Jerusalem that they say could have been part of a temple that once stood at one of the world's most important holy sites.
Salmon was the biggest single export from the UK to the European Union in the first half of the year, according to a trade body representing the food and drink industry.
Oxford United Under-21s will host Championship side Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy, while Reading will travel to Championship side Reading in the second round.
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing £10,000 from a cancer charity in the city.
Young adults are the most common victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new report, with young couples and young couples the most at risk.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a 23-year-old man was found at a house in Glasgow city centre.
More than 1,000 people have been charged in connection with public order-related incidents since the start of an investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland in July, the PSNI has said.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to charges relating to cyber attacks on the parenting website Mumsnet, which led to the site's homepage being redirected to a Twitter page and some posts being edited.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters across Wales will go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred local authority to run for office in the local elections.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his extensive collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas, saying he has been fascinated with the battle since he was a child.
Castleford Tigers scored nine tries in the second half to thrash Wakefield Trinity and secure a top-eight finish in Super League, despite playing with 14 players missing with injuries.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United will have to beat Kilmarnock on Saturday if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A "bull-headed" iguana has spent three months living on top of a tree in Suffolk, refusing to come down from its perch, its owner has said.
One of the biggest music awards in the world is about to take place, and it's all going to be held in London on Sunday night.
The main structure of Europe's next-generation star-hunting satellite has been moved from a UK factory to a French facility for final tests.
A female Uber employee has accused the ride-sharing company of sexism, saying she was propositioned for sex by her manager and subjected to sexist comments from her boss.
Manchester United have failed to complete the signing of Spain goalkeeper David de Gea from Manchester United to Real Madrid in a deal that was expected to be completed on Monday night, but the transfer window has now closed in Spain.
The US Department of Homeland Security is expected to announce this week that it is going to ban laptops and other electronic devices from the cabin on all flights to and from Europe, including from Heathrow.
Details of the prime minister's office and the chancellery in Brussels have been found on a computer belonging to one of the bombers who killed 32 people in last week's attacks on the city's airport, Belgian media report.
A watermelon farmer in China has died after being hit with a weight by local law enforcers, state media report, amid anger at the use of "thuggish" chengguan officers in the country's cities.
Women's Champions League winners Ajax Ladies have signed Netherlands international midfielder Angharad Middag from Dutch champions Ajax on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee from next season.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says his eye injury was not as serious as first feared after he suffered a blow to the eye in a pre-season friendly on Saturday.
Danny Hylton's header rescued a point for Luton Town as they drew 1-1 with Exeter City at Kenilworth Road in League Two.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album of previously unreleased tracks, following the success of his critically acclaimed To Pimp A Butterfly, on streaming services.
Hundreds of thousands of people have turned out to see the giant ice sculptures that have been created for this year's Ice sculptures festival in London's Hyde Park.
Manchester City Council bosses are set to receive pay rises of up to 20% as part of a review of senior staff salaries.
A Canadian bill that would change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to make them more gender-neutral has cleared its first hurdle in Parliament.
A former Michigan State University (MSU) doctor accused of sexually abusing young gymnasts has been ordered to stand trial on three counts of child sexual assault.
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to kill the prime minister of the United Kingdom during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque in her home city of Derby.
Tributes have been paid to five British people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of British Columbia in Canada.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major title with a three-shot victory at the US Women's Open at Oakmont Country Club in California.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has signed a new contract with German club FC Nuremberg after his loan spell at Borussia Monchengladbach came to an end.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend in a "jealousy attack" in Lancashire.
Tony Andreu missed a late penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers shared the spoils in a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits for the three months to the end of June, as it continues to be hit by restructuring costs and writedowns on its asset management business.
Sales at Argos have fallen for the second quarter in a row as the company behind the supermarket Sainsbury's bid for the retailer reported a fall in sales.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the lessons of the Arab Spring and the lessons that can be learned from the conflicts in Syria and Libya.
Natalie Hill's career as a backing singer has seen her work with some of the biggest names in pop and rock music, but her solo career has taken her on a journey that began with a stint on the US version of The Voice.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in the Gran Fondo cycling event in Plymouth as part of the city's International Cycling Union (ICU) Grand Prix weekend.
Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala are hunting for the killers of a Muslim woman who was shot dead in an attack at her office in the city of Chittoor on Tuesday.
A man who seriously injured a police officer when he was hit by a stolen car while trying to stop the vehicle he was driving has been jailed for four years and four months.
The body of a man has been recovered from the sea off the Isle of Skye after he was found in difficulty in the water.
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend has told a court she did not contact police because she feared he was "obsessed" with her.
A collection of Victorian and Edwardian prams and other memorabilia from a family-run company has sold for more than £6,000 at auction in Nottingham.
A six-month jail sentence for a motorcyclist who killed a cyclist in a crash has been described as "insulting" by a road safety charity.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by nine wickets to win the One-Day Cup for the first time since 2009 after being set a target of 263 to beat their local rivals by seven wickets at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be investigated by police for sexting, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
A man who sent a hoax bomb threat to Bristol Airport which led to the evacuation of the airport has been jailed for three years and four months.
England produced a stunning display of batting and bowling to put themselves in a commanding position on day three of the first Test against Australia in Cardiff.
Huddersfield Giants half-back Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with bigger lithium-ion batteries that they say can last up to three days between charges.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has classed processed meat as one of five "agents" that can cause cancer, along with tobacco, alcohol, plutonium and alcohol, and says eating too much of them increases the risk of cancer by up to 17%.
 conductors on the Southern rail network are to stage three days of strike action in a row over changes to the role of conductors.
A new dissident republican group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black, who was shot dead in Northern Ireland last month.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed the UK's offer to EU citizens in the UK on their rights after Brexit, saying it was a "good start" in talks on the issue.
South Korea's Kim In-kyung birdied the final hole to beat compatriot Carlota Ciganda in a play-off and win the Lorena Ochoa Invitational by one shot at Torrey Pines in California.
An Italian gay rights group is taking legal action against a party after it used a photo of a Nottingham teenager who took his own life to promote a campaign against gender teaching in schools on a leaflet.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has missed out on a second bouldering world title in a row after finishing second at the second event of the season in China.
Dairy Crest is to sell its loss-making UK dairies business as part of a plan to focus on its cheese and spreads business.
Spending by consumers in the UK is starting to "splutter", according to the credit card company Visa.
A disabled man who was hit by a train door while trying to get off a train at Bodmin Parkway in Oxfordshire has said he does not want others to suffer the same indignity.
A fountain in a Berkshire town which was turned off due to the hosepipe ban is to be refilled with water from a nearby lake after the council found a "better all round sustainable solution".
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to make history on Tuesday, when he becomes the first Briton to go into space on a solo mission.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the leg in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso held off a late challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and McLaren's Jenson Button to win the Spanish Grand Prix and extend his championship lead to 34 points.
At least 11 people have been killed in floods and mudslides after heavy rain in Japan, the government has said, bringing the death toll from the disaster to 16.
If you're not at work catching up when you think the boss isn't looking, you're quite likely to be on the sofa in front of the television.
Kilmarnock have ended the loan spells of teenage duo Callum Waddington and Callum Davies after just one day at Rugby Park.
A record number of seal pups have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve, with conservationists predicting another record-breaking year is on the cards.
The population of one of the world's rarest gibbons has fallen to its lowest level in more than 200 years, according to a study of ancient Chinese government records.
MPs have voted to approve the government's plan to raise VAT from 20% to 20% by a majority of more than 300, despite a last-ditch bid by opposition parties to block the move.
The threat to the Welsh economy runs "far deeper" than the crisis in the steel industry, Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group, owner of Manchester City Football Club, has agreed to invest £500m in a new housing development in the east of the city, Manchester City Council has announced.
Liverpool will be looking for their first Premier League win of the season when they take on Chelsea at Anfield on Saturday - and I think they will find out again how far they have to go to get back to the level they were at last season to challenge for the title.
England's Laura Robson won her second British National Squash Championship title with a straight-set victory over compatriot and fellow Briton Sophie Waters in the final in Birmingham.
That's why so many Labour MPs feared a miscalculation when their party's leader brought his old comrade David Miliband back into the party.
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to last year's hit animated film Frozen, following the success of the first film in the series.
Wembley will host the 2017 Women's FA Cup final for the second year in a row, with a record crowd of 32,912 expected to watch the final, the FA has announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday, saying it was a "serious violation" of a UN resolution.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Bolton Wanderers at the Macron Stadium and move to within two points of the Championship play-off places.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten half-century to put his side in a strong position against Nottinghamshire on day three of their Division One match at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the Olympic long jump title at the Great North City Games in Newcastle on Saturday to complete a successful Diamond League season.
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "completely broken and devastated" by her death.
Dog poo is becoming a bigger problem on UK beaches than ever before, according to a marine conservation group.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after he was sent off in the 2-1 defeat by West Brom on Saturday.
The final four members of an international gang have been found guilty of masterminding a series of raids on museums and an auction house in which artefacts worth up to £57m were stolen.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the lessons East African leaders are learning from each other as they prepare for elections.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's largest international organisations, working to promote economic growth and development in developing countries.
A Liverpool man has completed a challenge to swim the length of the River Mersey in a Speedo to raise money for a hospice, raising more than £50,000 in the process.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side need to change their "losing mentality" after their FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal and insists he will not be stringing players along next season.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side were "not nearly good enough" in their 1872 Cup final defeat by Edinburgh at Scotstoun as he prepares to take over as Scotland head coach.
It was the famous Fairfield yard which took the Upper Clyde shipyard from the brink of oblivion to one of the UK's most important naval shipyards and now it has been taken over by Norwegian firm Kvaerner and is set to be replaced by BAE Systems.
A man has told a court he was ordered to carry out an acid attack on his ex-girlfriend after she posted a revenge porn video online, a court has heard.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected by England manager Roy Hodgson to play for the national side, says former Arsenal striker Shaun Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray survived a scare to beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets and reach the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
The French inventor of Etch A Sketch, the iconic toy that became one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died at the age of 89.
The government is planning to sell its stake in the Green Investment Bank (GIB) as part of a plan to raise up to £1bn to pay down the deficit, it has been announced.
A solar-powered phone charging station is being rolled out in London's red telephone boxes in a bid to solve the problem of people running out of battery on their smartphones.
Samsung's decision to recall four million Galaxy Note 7s after a second batch of phones caught fire has raised questions about the safety of its flagship smartphone, and how it plans to deal with the mountain of returned devices.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a further 12 counts of indecent assault against boys.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken another amazing picture of Mars, this time of a rock it has drilled into on the surface of the red planet.
A health board has been accused of breaching confidentiality after a summary of an investigation into claims made by a Labour MP about her husband's death was made public.
A 17-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in a street in Bristol.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools it has identified as part of an investigation into home-educated children in the West Midlands.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial Aberdeen City Garden Project after a last-ditch bid to save the scheme was rejected.
The life of one of the most decorated submariners of World War Two is to be commemorated at the home where he grew up in Dumfries and Galloway.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi is to stand trial for tax fraud, a Spanish court has ruled, rejecting a request by his lawyers to drop the case against him and his father.
Rangers will travel to League Two side Dunfermline Athletic in the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup after being drawn away to the winners of a replay between Hamilton Academical and Ayr United.
Hospital referrals could be suspended and IVF and gluten-free prescriptions could be axed under plans being considered by an NHS group which says it is "run out of money".
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if asked to take charge of the US military in Afghanistan, if asked by the president-elect.
"Buddhism has changed my life," says Hsiao Ching-hsuan, as she recycles plastic bottles at a recycling centre in Taiwan's capital, Taipei.
A new outdoor garden for children at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Cardiff is to be officially opened later.
More than half of new mothers in Wales do not breastfeed their newborns, according to a survey of more than 1,000 people.
An Australian woman who travelled to Syria with her husband, who was killed fighting with so-called Islamic State, has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The European Union is to create a single EU list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal, in an effort to crack down on offshore tax havens.
Nigeria defender Efe Ambrose has completed his move from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to work permit and international clearance.
Walkers have been warned about the dangers of attacking birds of prey on the Isle of Wight after a number of attacks on nests in the past week.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Monday, with Bank of America leading the way after the bank reported better-than-expected profits.
Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to reach a deal on the future of the BHS pension scheme, the BBC has learned.
Scotland second row Leone Nakarawa will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season after agreeing to leave the Pro12 champions a year early.
New Zealand off-spinner Jeetan Patel has signed a one-year contract extension with Warwickshire, keeping him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
The number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise by more than 65% in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former senior military commanders have written to Prime Minister David Cameron calling for a re-evaluation of the government's defence review after the loss of the aircraft carrier Ark Royal.
Scientists are planning to drill down to the deepest part of the ocean floor in the world to see if there are any alien life forms living there.
People would rather have something to do than to be left alone with their thoughts for even a brief period of time, a study suggests.
Two more people have been re-arrested in connection with a dog attack on a 15-year-old girl which left her with life-threatening injuries.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian killed in a suspected hit-and-run incident in Caterham, south-east London, are believed to have been known to each other, police have said.
Scientists in Taiwan have discovered how jumping spiders use their silk to control the way they jump and land in order to surprise and catch their prey.
Exeter Chiefs trio Tomas Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will have the support of the club's new owner Francesco Becchetti as he prepares for his first season in charge of the League Two club.
It's that time of year again, when the new season gets under way and new players make their Premier League debuts.
A warning by Arlene Foster that there could be a "brutal" election in Northern Ireland if there is no power-sharing deal after the assembly election makes the front page of the Belfast Telegraph.
Domino's Pizza Group, which owns the UK's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in profits for 2015, helped by a "massive increase" in online orders and the success of its app-based delivery service.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Hibernian and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a deal until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, by Islamist militants, the prime minister has said.
The Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) leader, Jim Murphy, has said the party has been "overwhelmed" by the demands of the Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign.
US President Barack Obama's speech to the African Union (AU) in Nairobi was his last major speech on the continent before he leaves the White House at the end of his six-day trip to Africa, and it was a speech that will live long in the memory.
Barry Farquhar has been released from hospital after being seriously injured in a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event in Coleraine, County Londonderry, earlier this month.
There has been a rise in the number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales, with more than 100 incidents in the past year, according to new figures.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help to manage my medications and the ways that I deal with back pain and a sleep disorder" as he continues to recover from back surgery.
The US and Russia have welcomed a cessation of hostilities in the Syrian city of Aleppo and called on all parties to "fully abide" by it, as fighting in the city intensifies.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will find out their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday when the draw for the knockout stages of the Champions League takes place.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house while 11 people were in it, including four children, including his mother and brother, in October last year.
The row between French President Francois Hollande and left-wing politicians over his proposal to strip convicted terrorists of their French nationality has become one of the biggest headaches for the president since he took office in 2012.
The Green Party in the UK has said it will scrap the tax on sanitary products if it wins the general election and replace it with a tax on airship sales and aircraft repairs.
Police are investigating after a cash machine was blown up and a large amount of money stolen during an armed robbery at a pharmacy in the early hours of the morning in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has been ordered by the Competition and Markets Authority to provide customers with separate quotes for insurance with no claims bonus protection, after it missed a deadline to do so.
South African prosecutors have begun an appeal against the acquittal of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder in the case of his killing of his girlfriend.
The Russian foreign minister has accused the US of trying to preserve a jihadist group in Syria as a "plan B" for changing the government of President Bashar al-Assad, in a BBC interview.
A giant water slide has opened its doors to the public for the first time in Northern Ireland as part of a charity event to raise money for cancer research.
China has banned a high-profile documentary on air pollution made by a renowned investigative journalist, Chai Jing, in what appears to be a crackdown on the film's critical message.
A man has been left badly shaken after he was threatened by a gang of masked men who broke into his home in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham and Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley 2-1 in the National League to move off the bottom of the table.
The scale of sexual exploitation of children in England and Wales is "unprecedented", according to a report published by the government's children's watchdog.
Edrington Distilleries has announced that Crawford Gillies is to succeed Alasdair Murray as chairman of the spirits firm.
(Close): The pound rose against the euro and the dollar on Tuesday after the Bank of England's decision to keep interest rates on hold, while shares in Ladbrokes jumped after it said it was in merger talks with Gala Coral.
The Afghan Taliban's new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has made his first public appearance since being elected, in an audio message released by the group.
Teenage off-spinner Luke Tongue produced a superb spell of bowling to help Worcestershire fight back against Glamorgan on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Chelmsford.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a hit-and-run driver who failed to stop at a red light, a court has heard.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup finals in Russia after suffering a back injury.
The family of a man whose body was found in a lake after he went missing during a triathlon have raised more than £12,000 for a hospital where he had looked after his father.
Barcelona have paid more than 13m euros (£13.5m) in back taxes in relation to the signing of Neymar, as part of an investigation into possible tax fraud.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in the clean energy sector, according to a new table of global investment in 2011, which shows the country was the top destination for investment in the sector last year.
A temporary footbridge is to be built to replace a Grade II-listed road bridge in a North Yorkshire town which has been closed while repairs are carried out on the original structure.
A non-league football team has returned to its home town for the first time in more than a decade after playing its first home game in 10 years.
A Dundee man has admitted illegally importing 50 stun guns that can be used as a stun gun and as a baton.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller is to step down after more than two years in charge of the troubled airline, the company has announced.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a man was found with serious head injuries in the early hours of the morning in West Lothian.
An Irish contestant on a reality TV show has been compared to an elephant after his tan was so bad it caused a social media storm on social media.
Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, one of the front-runners in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, has been embroiled in a fresh controversy over his past.
Nigeria's former Fifa vice-president Samson Adamu says he is not aware that he is under investigation by the world football governing body.
Nigeria is home to some of the world's best-known artists, but many of them are struggling to make a living out of their work because of a lack of funding.
The art of making maps of dark matter is in a golden age, according to the scientists at the European Southern Observatory, who have just published a series of papers in the journal Science on the art of "skotocartography" - a form of map-making of the cosmos.
Nigeria's senate has approved a bill that would make it a criminal offence to post abusive messages on social media, sparking outrage among social media users and human rights activists.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised to club physiotherapist Eva Carneiro and lost his job, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of suspected leaders of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram, which has killed more than 1,000 people this year.
A cat called George the cat has found a new home in a supermarket and he's proving he's a hit with the customers!
Armed men from the Libyan Coast Guard attacked a dinghy carrying migrants off the coast of Libya on Friday, a German aid group has said, killing at least four people and injuring several others.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed in an explosion while on a Javelin missile patrol in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said.
UKIP spent more than three times as much on its European election campaign as the Conservatives, Labour, the Lib Dems and the Liberal Democrats, the Electoral Commission has revealed.
Hull KR have appointed ex-St Helens and St Helens prop Joe Forster as their new head coach on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack outside a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid shows a "lack of understanding of what it takes to win the war", a senior Republican senator has said.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to see snow falling in the Indian city of Bangalore (formerly known as Bangalore)?
A murder investigation has been launched after a pensioner was found dead and a woman was stabbed to death at a house in Cardiff.
The 2015 World Para-athletics Championships medal design has been unveiled ahead of this summer's World Championships in London, with a design inspired by the city's landmarks.
Three months after a ban on the sale of so-called legal highs came into force in England and Wales, the number of shops selling the psychoactive substances has fallen by more than half, the Home Office has said.
This year's Astrophotography Photographer of the Year competition has attracted more than 1,000 entries, with the shortlist for this year's prize made up of some of the best images from across the world.
Shares in some of the world's biggest companies have been trading for less than $123.47 after a glitch on the Nasdaq stock market in the US.
A man has been jailed for 18 months for using his mobile phone to take indecent images of women under their skirts at two public places in Scotland.
Talks aimed at phasing out one of the world's most destructive greenhouse gases are expected to reach a deal on Thursday in Rwanda.
The UK's biggest mobile phone operator, EE, has tested internet balloons and drones that can be used to beam internet connectivity to remote parts of the country.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Wales' win over France on Saturday sets up a "massive" Six Nations match against England at Twickenham next month.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam for suggesting he supports the Islamic State (IS) group, saying it was a "misunderstanding" that he had accused him of doing so.
Planning permission has been granted for a wind farm on Skye which could generate enough power for more than 23,000 homes on the Isle of Skye.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they will not back the government's Brexit bill because it gives ministers too much power to change laws after the UK leaves the EU, the BBC has learned.
Ride-sharing service Uber is losing more than $1bn (Â£700m) a year in China, its chief executive has said, according to reports.
Parents of children at a children's holiday camp accused of having indecent images of children will be able to claim a refund, the company's co-founder has said.
Canelo Alvarez says he is ready to fight middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin after his stunning victory over Britain's Amir Khan in Las Vegas on Saturday.
A man who was killed when his light aircraft crashed at Strabane Airfield in County Tyrone on Saturday morning has been named by police as David McKnight.
Tributes have been paid to former England and Preston North End striker Sir Tom Finney, who has died at the age of 90 after a short illness, following his death from cancer.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Marvin Verheydt from Dutch top-flight side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee, reported to be £1.5m.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), to replace a senior officer who is due to retire later this year.
Medics missed four chances to save the life of a newborn baby boy who died after his mother was turned away from a hospital because she was not in an advanced stage of labour, an inquest has heard.
The government's proposed reforms to the UK's banking system "fall well short" of a key requirement of ring-fencing, according to the body set up to advise the government on the future of the sector.
A 25-year-old man has died after being shot in the chest outside a house in Sheffield, police have said.
A second French tourist has died in two days while snorkelling on an Australian reef, in the second such incident in less than 24 hours, tour operators have said.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a protein that could be used to prevent brain damage after a stroke, using venom from a venomous spider.
Plans for a joint training college for the fire, prison and police services in Northern Ireland have been revised, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
It's a typical training session for a cricket match in Guyana - the ball is being bowled, the bowler is bowling, and a group of players are gathered around the pitch, waiting for their turn.
As part of BBC Radio Manchester's Tales of the 10, Andy Johnson, the father of terminally-ill seven-year-old Jack Johnson, tells how he and his wife set up a charity to help find a cure for his son's disease.
A woman jailed for stealing more than £100,000 from a Dumfries and Galloway castle owner has launched an appeal against her conviction and sentence.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost his sponsorships from Speedo, Ralph Lauren, Syneron-Candela and Airweave after admitting he lied about being robbed at gunpoint during the Rio Olympics.
Hampshire were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship after Durham beat them by seven wickets at Edgbaston to secure promotion to Division One.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to make any more signings ahead of the new Premier League season, as they look to improve their defensive frailties.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build the third phase of a major office development in the city's city centre.
Claire Smith, who was paralysed from the chest down after a fall while riding her horse in 2006, is taking part in the London Marathon on Sunday, the first woman to walk unaided in a marathon using a bionic leg.
The US justice department has accused the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office in California of failing to address "serious systemic deficiencies" in its jail system, including overcrowding and conditions for inmates.
A man in South Yorkshire has become the first person in the UK to have a cherry tree grow in his garden.
Armen Nalbandian is not the first tennis player to get into trouble at the ATP World Tour Finals in London this year.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford has praised Luke Rowe's "incredible" effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France after he finished the race as a lanterne rouge, saying they would have been "in big trouble" without him.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a fossilised fossil of a coal-like fruit that dates back more than 4,000 years.
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will have to put his own stamp on the team when he takes charge of Hamilton Academical on Saturday, according to his former team-mate Martin Canning.
Pace bowler Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston, which starts on Wednesday.
A European Space Agency (Esa) demonstrator spacecraft has successfully re-entered the Earth's atmosphere for the first time, crashing into the Pacific Ocean near the Galapagos Islands.
The decision on the redevelopment of a Jersey high school will be delayed by a month, the Jersey Policy Council has said, after a review panel raised concerns about the cost and value for money of the project.
A court in Greece has found former Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a list of bank account holders leaked by an HSBC employee in 2010.
A hospital refused to pay £2,000 for a blackout blind for a patient because it did not meet fire and infection control regulations, a doctor has claimed.
Russia's opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement after being found guilty of running a timber-dealing group.
A man who raped a pensioner in her own home in south London has been found guilty of a string of sex offences against her.
The number of IVF cycles that couples in Scotland are entitled to on the NHS should be increased from one to three, according to a UK-wide charity.
There is "insufficient capacity and capability" for hospitals in England and Wales to cope with rising demand at accident and emergency (A&E) departments, doctors have warned.
Trams have run for the first time on Manchester city centre's Second City Crossing as part of a test run ahead of a major expansion of the Metrolink network.
US drugmaker Mylan has said it will launch a cheaper version of its EpiPen allergy treatment, a week after it was criticised for raising the price of the treatment by more than 5,000% last week.
Britain's Kell Brook will have surgery on an eye injury sustained in his world title defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday after suffering a cut over his eye in the fight.
The Cardiff Half Marathon is to go ahead as planned, the city council has announced, despite fears the event could be cancelled due to a lack of funds.
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie is worth a lot more than the £5m he was valued at when he joined the club in 2012, according to the club's manager.
Fishermen from other countries will be allowed to fish in UK waters after Brexit, Michael Gove has said, in a meeting with Danish fishermen.
An Indian soldier who was caught in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week has been taken off life support and is in a "comatose state" in hospital, the army has said.
The UK economy grew at an annual rate of 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures, the slowest pace of growth since the first quarter of 2015.
Saturday's League One game between Wigan Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
The owners of a Poundland store damaged in an explosion have said they hope to reopen "as soon as possible" after the building was targeted in an "insane" attack.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in West Lothian have appealed for three men seen in the area at the time of the attack to come forward.
Humberside Police's chief constable has written to head teachers urging them to allow officers on duty during school holidays to take time off.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Crete have begun work at a second site where they believe a digger driver may have run over and killed him.
Ed Miliband has said he would not exclude himself from being prime minister by not talking to the SNP, as David Cameron urged voters not to "gamble" with the SNP in a hung parliament.
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots on Sunday, but American football has been at the centre of the nation's attention for the past few days as the New York Giants beat the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL's biggest game of the year, the Super Bowl.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his six-year-old granddaughter who was taken from his care and left to die in a "catastrophic" bleed to the brain.
Jordan Williams scored twice as National League side Barrow came from behind to beat League Two Taunton Town and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has signed a two-year deal to play in the Big Bash League for Australian side Adelaide Strikers.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) would not welcome any proposal to transfer work or jobs from Newport to London, a union has said, ahead of the publication of a review of the organisation's work.
As Iraqi forces continue their offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul, the BBC's Yolande Knell meets Yazidi refugees living in refugee camps in the north-eastern city of Qadia, who say they are scared to return to their homeland of Sinjar.
Australia batsman Michael Clarke dedicated his century on the second day of the first Test against South Africa to his team-mate Phillip Hughes, who died in November.
Bristol's main railway station is to remain closed to the disabled for the rest of the year, the Great Western Railway has said.
Ukrposhta, the postal service in Ukraine, has been hit by a cyber-attack that has left its website offline for the second time in a week.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as James Bond villain Q in the 1983 James Bond film Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 91.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma that will keep him at the Italian club until the end of the 2016-17 season.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets to win the third one-day international and take a 2-1 lead in the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the renegotiation of the UK's EU deal will have little impact on day-to-day business in Northern Ireland, according to a survey of its members.
An investigation has been launched after a double-decker bus caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate in central London, causing a major road to be closed for more than an hour.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite for the first time in more than a year, according to reports.
Glasgow School of Art has opened its new design department on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to one of Scotland's most famous buildings, the Mackintosh building.
MSPs have been given a standing ovation as Scottish Labour leader Owen Smith called on the European Union to "not let Scotland down now" in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the union.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket, ending his international career with a single on the final day of the second Test against India.
High winds and heavy rain have brought down trees and caused disruption to travel in parts of Scotland as Storm Doris continues to batter the country.
The European Commission has agreed a package of measures to help Northern Ireland's farming industry, but there will be no increase in the milk intervention price.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha praised his side's battling qualities despite their 1-0 defeat by Hearts at Ibrox, saying he was happy with the way they fought until the end.
The first Japanese otter to be reintroduced into the wild in Japan in more than a century is due to make a rare visit to Skye later this month.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Emmanuel Llewellyn-Smith reflects on his experience of a three-month peace fellowship in Bangkok, Thailand, where he found a pair of broken sandals and a needle and thread to mend them.
A UKIP election candidate has apologised after appearing to question whether foreigners with HIV should be treated for free on the NHS, saying she had "misread" an article about a Liberal Democrat candidate.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves is to leave the club at the end of the season after eight years at the Nou Camp.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out what is known as a "stress test" on its Falcon rocket, the same procedure it used to launch the Amos-6 satellite that was destroyed in an explosion earlier this week.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work in the country, the Metropolitan Police have said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra made his maiden first-class century to help his side draw with Hampshire on the final day of their Division Two match at Hove.
UKIP's assembly group leader has been criticised by two former Welsh secretaries over plans to change the rules on assembly election candidates who live outside of Wales.
The Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell says he's angry the Conservatives haven't given out full costings for their manifesto, and they are on the warpath, and he's not the only one.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the Formula 1 team at the end of the season after three and a half years in charge, BBC Sport has learned.
A prison has been placed in special measures after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record has been described as a "well-known and respected" member of a road racing club.
The brother of a British man whose body was found on a Thai island last month has said his family are "devastated" by the death of his brother.
Women's Super League One side Arsenal Ladies have announced they are to change their name to 'Arsenal Women' from the start of the 2017-18 season.
Police have been granted more time to question a man arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found in a wooded area in Surrey.
A British teacher who died from carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in China died as a result of an accident, an inquest has heard.
A Conservative plan to force future UK governments to run a budget surplus when the economy is growing has been passed by the House of Commons, despite Labour's U-turn on backing it.
Plans to mark the 50th anniversary of the oldest carnival in Europe have been announced, including a new exhibition and a parade in the city centre.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his first appearance of the season following a knee injury.
A 19-year-old man has been extradited to the US from Pakistan and charged with terrorism offences, the US Department of Justice has said.
Brighton & Hove Albion came from behind to beat Ipswich Town and go top of the Championship for the first time this season, despite a spirited second-half fightback at Portman Road.
Thieves have stolen a cash machine and a van in a ram-raid on a shop in Northamptonshire, leaving the building "devastated", the owner of a nearby business has said.
The sister of a missing junior doctor whose body was found in the sea has said she was a "sweet, beautiful, kind, loving woman" who "will never be forgotten".
A record number of skiers and snowboarders have taken to the slopes in Scotland's ski areas this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
The son of Jean McConville, who was murdered by the IRA in the 1970s, has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told him he was "getting a letter of support from the republican people" when he was questioned by police about the killing.
Have you ever wondered what you could do with a giant dinosaur that has been languishing in a museum's collection for years?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby who died after being found seriously injured at a house in Kent.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) health minister, Edwin Poots, has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of the "stench" of the IRA's activities in Northern Ireland.
A 15-year-old girl who was raped and murdered by a man she met on Facebook was chased and pinned to the ground by her alleged killer after she tried to escape from his flat, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal, in the Republic of Ireland, marking the start of the annual Orangemen's Day celebrations.
Each of the main political parties in Wales will be publishing their manifestos for the general election later this month.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says he is "desperate" to add to his squad before the start of the Championship season, but admits it has been "very difficult" to bring in new players this summer.
Blackpool missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester at Bloomfield Road.
China is "committing to do something about" overcapacity in the steel industry, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said, as he called for urgent action to save the UK industry.
Tributes have been paid to a Durham police officer who died after a battle with cancer at his home, as his body was taken to Durham Cathedral for his funeral.
More people in Wales have access to super-fast internet than anywhere else in the UK, according to a report from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division, which is based in Rotherham and Scunthorpe, to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Plans for a travellers' site in Machynlleth are to be discussed at a public engagement event later.
Work to repair a church spire damaged by woodpeckers has been given the go-ahead after it was awarded a lottery grant.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called the phone number of rival Senator Lindsey Graham, calling him a "son of a bitch" after he called him an "idiot" and a "jackass".
US President Barack Obama has marked the first day of the implementation of his signature healthcare law, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare.
A number of people were evacuated from their homes and businesses in Londonderry after a suspicious object was declared to be a hoax bomb.
The US government is proposing new guidelines on the use of electronic devices while driving, in an effort to cut down on the number of crashes caused by distracted driving.
A Northern Ireland delegation is due to arrive in Colombia on Wednesday for talks with representatives of the Farc rebel group and the Colombian government.
A man has been taken to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry in the early hours of the morning.
Yorkshire opener Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side close in on victory against Surrey on day three at The Oval.
A man has been given a 12-month driving ban after a car ploughed into a row of houses in a West Sussex village, causing damage worth Â£50,000.
Ken Morley has apologised for his "unacceptable behaviour" on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother, following a number of complaints to Ofcom about his behaviour on the show.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a burst water main which has been causing disruption to thousands of customers in the Republic of Ireland for the past week.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a convenience store in Londonderry, police have said.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood has been nominated to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party, the BBC has learned.
A Dumfries and Galloway town that has twice won the title of Scotland's "worst town" has won this year's Carbuncle award for worst town centre.
Three men have been arrested after police seized a "substantial quantity" of cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £100,000 on the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour needs to be "hugely ambitious" if it is to be the "natural party of Wales", a former cabinet minister has said.
Annika Sorenstam believes England's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world and could be Europe's next Solheim Cup captain next year, but believes she needs to "refine" her game.
A £500,000 investment in a lost item tracker company offered on BBC Scotland's Dragons' Den programme has failed to materialise, the company's founders have said.
Bangladesh has restored power supplies to most of the country after a major blackout that hit the country on Saturday, bringing down power plants and disrupting supplies to millions of people.
Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of the working culture of Sport NI, following the resignation of nine of its board members.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to refuse to pay for cancer drugs the health watchdog has rejected for widespread use on the NHS, the health service has said.
A publican who stabbed a gay man in the neck with a steak knife after shouting "where's that queer" at him in a pub has been jailed for six years and four months.
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State say they are "distraught" after learning that two of them have been married, a lawyer for their families has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a one-match touchline ban by the Football Association after being sent off during his side's 1-1 draw with Burnley.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers have been stolen in a burglary at a stately home, police have said.
The owners of a private hospital where abuse of patients with learning disabilities was uncovered "failed to provide a safe place for them to be treated with care and compassion", a report has said.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent, with the county moving to Division Two side Gloucestershire on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Raffaele Sollecito, the Italian man who spent more than four years in jail with his US girlfriend Amanda Knox after she was found dead in her flat in 2007, has had his conviction for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher overturned by Italy's Supreme Court.
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth's collapse in the final round at Augusta will " scar him for a while" after he blew a five-shot lead to lose the Masters for the first time in 20 years.
Botswana's Isaac Makwala has accused athletics' governing body of "fishy" treatment after he was denied entry to the World Championship final because of an outbreak of norovirus.
Middlesbrough recorded their first home win of the season as goals from Gaston Ramirez and Stewart Downing gave Aitor Karanka's side victory over 10-man Bournemouth at the Riverside Stadium.
Lord Bannside, the former first minister of Northern Ireland, has been speaking to the BBC about the centenary of the signing of the Ulster Covenant and how it means to him a century on.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Scott Brown on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months.
Belgian police say they have arrested four people suspected of planning terrorist attacks in the capital, Brussels, as part of an anti-terror operation.
Theresa May has been confronted by angry residents of Grenfell Tower as she met victims' relatives at a church in west London, a day after she met firefighters but not residents at the scene of the fire.
Leigh Centurions are set to sign Salford Red Devils half-back Ryan Chase on a free transfer after he was cleared by the Rugby Football League's disciplinary panel to leave the Super League club.
Loganair has been awarded a contract to continue flying between Dundee and London Stansted for another two years, with funding for the service to be funded by the UK and Scottish governments.
Anglo American shares fell 12.3% on Tuesday after the mining giant announced plans to cut more than 50,000 jobs as part of a $5.5bn (£3.3bn) cost-cutting plan.
A motorcyclist was to blame for the death of French cyclist Sylvain Demoitie, who was hit and killed by a motorbike during a race on Sunday, his team has said.
Ulster and Ireland scrum-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with the Pro12 club.
The US space agency (Nasa) has launched a mission to Bennu, an asteroid that is thought to be 4.5 billion years old and rich in carbon compounds that may be the precursors to life on Earth.
A woman has been ordered to return to Japan with her three-year-old son after a High Court judge ruled that she was in breach of the father's custody rights.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed off a seafront promenade and rolled on to rocks, police have said.
Kenyan police are investigating the discovery of at least six bodies in a mass grave in the north-eastern region of Mandera, near the border with Somalia, after reports of a mass killing in the area.
A powerful cyclone has killed at least 11 people and injured more than 100 in Vanuatu, the Pacific nation's president has said.
Home Secretary Simon Harrington has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK under the government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme, saying he does not want to "judge on the numbers when the prime minister announced and I'm putting in place" when the scheme comes into fruition.
MPs have raised "grave misgivings" about a new criminal courts charge, saying it has created "perverse incentives" for defendants to plead guilty in order to reduce the cost of their case.
Asda has been criticised for failing to fix security flaws on its website that could have allowed hackers to access customers' credit and debit card details.
A former drug cartel pilot who was once a pilot who flew cocaine from Colombia to the US has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man with an axe.
Mexico stunned Brazil to win Olympic gold for the first time with a 2-0 extra-time victory in the men's football final at the Olympic Stadium in Rio.
The round £1 coin is set to be replaced by a 12-sided version as part of a revamp of the Royal Mint's coins, the government has announced.
Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had "a lot of enquiries" about the possibility of returning to coaching the Briton after their three-year partnership ended.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh that it was a "struggle for life" as she fought for her life after she was allegedly attacked.
Former England manager Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland's new manager on a two-year contract.
As Ben Llewellin prepares to compete at the European Championships for the first time, his father David explains why his son is aiming to win a Commonwealth Games gold medal in skeet shooting - and why he believes the two sports have a lot in common.
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has urged the United Nations not to let Islamic State (IS) "get away with genocide" by failing to investigate mass graves of Yazidis killed by the jihadist group in Iraq.
An under-performing academy school in south-west London is to be merged with another in a bid to save £10m, its owners have said.
Seven migrants accused of setting fire to a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day have been charged with attempted murder, German police say.
David Cameron has ruled out a "collective cabinet responsibility" to campaign for the UK to remain in the EU, saying he will allow ministers to campaign with their " conscience" in the referendum on the issue.
A US appeals court has upheld a judge's ruling that Brendan Dassey, the man featured in the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer, should be freed from prison.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to hacking tools from a mysterious hacking group and use them to protect computers against cyber-crime has been abandoned after it was criticised by security researchers.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a club record fee of £10m on a five-and-a-half-year deal, subject to a sell-on clause.
There has been a "lack of political will" to show that some academy chains in England are not doing well, a think tank has said.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been recovered from the BBC archive, including a complete version of The Web of Fear, which was last seen in 1968.
Shares in logistics group Menzies Group have fallen 5% after the firm said it was "disappointed" by "contractual issues" at London Gatwick Airport that could hit full-year profits.
Russia has accused Boris Johnson of being a "poodle of Washington" after he cancelled a visit to Moscow to discuss the state of UK-Russia relations following the chemical weapons attack in Syria.
A police force's poster urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish their children has been shared more than 50,000 times on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against the former Labour peer Lord Janner, the BBC has learned.
Lincoln City Ladies have confirmed they will merge with Notts County Ladies and play their home games at the County Ground in Nottingham from the start of the 2014-15 season.
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said flag protests are "counter-productive" and "damaging" to Northern Ireland's image around the world.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire, police have said.
Jess Glynne and her fiancée have said they will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia, despite the country's government's proposal to legalise it by 2017.
England wrapped up a 3-0 series whitewash over world champions New Zealand as they ran in five tries in a convincing win in the final game of the three-match series at Twickenham.
A drug used by osteoporosis patients could be used to extend the life of hip and knee replacements and reduce the number of them failing, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her children, including a stillborn baby.
Schools in England are still being threatened with extremism, despite investigations into the so-called Trojan Horse allegations, a head teacher has warned.
Matty Taylor scored twice in the final 10 minutes as Bristol Rovers came from two goals down to draw with MK Dons at the Stadium of Light.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised by a group of anti-GM protestors.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City on a season-long loan deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a permanent move when his contract expires at the end of the season.
A hospital's accident and emergency department where a patient died and another was left sitting on a bedpan for more than an hour has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors, the Care Quality Commission has said.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to make a statement on the findings of an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed to death at a Glasgow school in 2014.
From the age of 15 to 20, Ryan Hunter was not only taking drugs - he was taking thousands of pounds worth of them every single day.
The University of Nottingham has become the first in the UK to offer a full-time degree course in Urdu, offering students a degree in the language as part of their undergraduate degree.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of being involved in the illegal oil trade with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, accusing them of "brazenly plundering" oil from Syria and Iraq.
Fans at the Download music festival are being encouraged to pose for selfies with armed police officers at the event, despite the recent terror attacks in the UK.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union until October or November, the former president of the European Council has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the last three months of the year will miss analysts' expectations, in a sign that the firm is facing another tough year.
Police in China have arrested two distillers accused of using Viagra to adulterate alcohol, in the latest food and drug scandal to hit the country in recent months.
Waste collections have resumed in Bath and North East Somerset after a week of disruption due to industrial action by council workers.
Talk customers whose financial details were stolen in a cyber-attack on its website in October have been contacted by the firm, it has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after carding a six-under-par 65 in the third round of the US PGA Championship to move into a share of the lead.
A student team in Switzerland has set a new world record for the fastest electric-powered car to reach 100kph (62mph) in less than two seconds.
A British army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial he had sex with her in a "fairly animal-like" manner, a court- martial has heard.
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if one of his players did what James Skelton did to James Davies against Saracens on Saturday.
Amazon.com owner Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery in the search for one of the missing engines from one of America's most famous space missions.
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to attend this year's Ice sculptures festival in the Chinese city of Xi'an in China.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist have released a new dance track called "Dance, Dance, Dance" which they say has captured the spirit of the country's dance music scene.
Tens of thousands of football fans had to wait up to 20 minutes to get into a FA Cup match after being denied entry to the stadium due to ticketing problems.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the latest US jobs figures showed the economy added fewer jobs than expected in July, but the unemployment rate held at a seven-year low.
England batsman Kevin Pietersen has been dropped from the squad for the final Test against South Africa at Lord's and will not play again for the rest of the season.
More than 90% of the genes that cause breast cancer have been identified in the largest ever study of the human genetic code, scientists say.
Chronic pain can be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors, according to a study by scientists in Scotland.
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row with a 3-0 victory over Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Members of the University of London are set to vote on strike action in a dispute over plans to cut 1,000 jobs at the university.
Dundee United made it two wins out of two in the Scottish Championship with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Victoria Park.
Glamorgan made a solid start to their County Championship Division Two campaign with three wickets falling on the opening day of their match against Kent at Canterbury.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of an 11-year old boy and his aunt in a car crash while being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a campaign to raise awareness of boating safety.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has triggered his release clause in his contract and will leave the club at the end of the season, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Nigeria's Nigeria and Uganda have been shortlisted for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year and African Player of the year awards, respectively, at the annual awards ceremony in Abuja, Nigeria, next week.
A major road in Bath has reopened after being closed following a crash involving a lorry and a car in the early hours of the morning.
Olympic silver medallist Andrew Pollock has run his first half marathon since the Rio Games in Cardiff as he finished in the top 10 at the Cardiff Half Marathon on Sunday.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called on the government to work with reformists within the royal family, including Crown Prince Salman al-Khalifa, to end the crisis in the Gulf state.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints about a geography lesson in which students were asked to trace a piece of Arabic calligraphy that translated to: "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah".
Jordi Cruyff's son, Jordi, has thanked fans for their "love, kind words and memories" following the death of his father Johan.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the Aegon Classic semi-finals with a 6-4 6-2 6-3 win over American Coco Vandeweghe at Queen's Club.
A Loyalist community group in Londonderry has created a new flag in an attempt to reduce the number of paramilitary flags flying from lamp posts and buildings.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke has won his third World Rally Championship (WRC) title in four years after surviving a last-gasp crash to claim victory at the Rally Argentina.
Police in Beijing have launched an investigation after a self-driving car developed by Baidu's artificial intelligence unit crashed into a wall in front of an executive of the search giant's Beijing headquarters.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 88 after a long illness, was one of the BBC's longest-serving radio presenters and was a key figure in popular music in the UK during the 1960s, 70s and 80s.
Sale Sharks' Sam Charnley says he is looking forward to being able to play without pressure when he makes his debut for the club in Saturday's Premiership match against Hull FC.
The Israeli police have appointed an Arab officer to a top post in an effort to improve policing in the country's Arab communities, reports say.
Theresa May is attempting to change the voting habits of traditional Labour supporters in the North-East of England by appealing to the party of her birth, but in the town of Consett, where Margaret Thatcher was in power in the 1980s, there is little enthusiasm for the Conservative candidate.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has suffered a broken hand after slicing open his fingers during a photo shoot during a concert in Mexico, his publicist has confirmed.
There is "real scope" for cannabis to be decriminalised in Northern Ireland, a former police chief constable has said, following calls for the drug to be de-criminalised.
Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks in the second match of their New Zealand tour on Saturday, with Owen Farrell also named in the starting XV.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a barber's shop in Liverpool in the latest in a series of shootings in the city in recent weeks.
The United Nations (UN) has come under fire for naming Wonder Woman as the organisation's first female honorary ambassador.
There is "no basis for a finding of negligence" on the part of the Ministry of Defence (MoD) in a case brought by a former Royal Marine who was left paralysed after a "Baywatch-style" diving accident, a court has heard.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump, after meeting him for the first time since his election victory.
The knockout stages of the European Championship are here and, for the first time in the tournament's history, there are eight teams in the last 16, and the quality of football has not been as high as it has been in previous tournaments.
An appeal has been launched against the custodial sentence given to a transgender woman who has been jailed at an all-male prison.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a submerged car after three people tried to smash the window of the vehicle in a lake in Hertfordshire.
It's been 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was first released in the UK, and the Apple Newton was the first touch screen tablet device made by Apple.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Jordan Pigott on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move in the summer.
The Man in the High Castle and Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write the script for a TV adaptation of Philip K Dick's sci-fi novel Electric Dreams, it has been announced.
A young girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot by her father in a "domestic-related incident" in Northamptonshire, police have said.
A 95-year-old man who phoned a BBC radio show to talk about the loneliness he felt after his wife's death was taken to the studio by the show's producer.
An MP is to meet the health secretary to discuss plans to close a hospital's maternity unit in Oxfordshire if it fails to recruit enough doctors to cope with a shortage of obstetricians.
A new vein of Blue John, one of the world's rarest veins of the precious stone, has been discovered in a Caverns of the Peak District.
Indian sprinter Gurpreet Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of "tampering" with his sample after he failed a drugs test.
The use of tablet computers in schools in England is growing at a faster rate than any other form of technology, according to a study of more than 600 schools in the country.
A group of students at Queen's University Belfast (QUB) have begun a sit-in protest against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have agreed a deal to sign Guinea international Alassane Camara from Derby County on a two-year deal, subject to international clearance.
Singer-songwriter James Bay has won this year's Mercury Prize for his debut album Architect, which tells the story of three years he spent sleeping rough in Paris as a homeless musician.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in South Africa's Western Cape province in what police believe was a "love triangle" killing.
Poland's government has called for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash in Russia that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 others.
Relegation from the Premier League last season left Cardiff City with debts of more than £100m, according to the club's annual accounts.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a suspected hit-and-run driver in Brighton.
A woman who worked in Sheffield's steelworks during World War Two has called for a statue to be erected in honour of the city's women steelworkers.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in the club's opening game of the League Two season.
Scotland's beaches have been named the best in the world for the second year in a row by the Royal Society for the Protection of the Environment (RSPB).
Ireland suffered a huge blow to their Six Nations hopes as fly-half Jonathan Sexton, captain Paul O'Connell and flanker Peter O'Mahony were all forced off with injuries as they beat France in a bruising contest at the Tullow Tank.
A Pembrokeshire drug dealer has been found guilty of the murder of a two-year-old boy who suffered "catastrophic" head injuries in a "horrific" attack at his home.
Mauritius' Prime Minister Mahama Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after more than 30 years in office, saying he will not seek re-election in next month's polls.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant, in a pioneering operation on an Eritrean man who had his own tumour removed and replaced with a tailor-made replica.
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa says his move to Hearts from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod has been a "big step" in his career after signing a three-year deal with the Scottish Premiership club.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of this year's US Open because of "ongoing family situation" and will not play at the tournament in New York.
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead in his hotel room in Liverpool after a night out in the city.
People travelling on a bus in London are being encouraged to sing along to a piece of art on the side of the vehicle as they make their way through the city centre.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City beat relegation-threatened Aston Villa to move out of the bottom three and boost their hopes of a top-10 finish in the Premier League.
You have been telling us how you use WhatsApp every day to keep us in touch with you, and how it has helped you keep up-to-date with the news from around the world.
It's been a year of extremes in the UK's weather, and scientists are warning that climate change could mean that we could see even more extreme weather in the future.
Cambridge United will face Manchester United in the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history after holding the Premier League side to a goalless draw in the fourth round.
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to stop air strikes on Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, after Turkey launched a military operation against them.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in Dundee city centre in the early hours of the morning.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man who was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United boss Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" from their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Chelsea.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted the closure of 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed there was no obvious risk to public health.
The EU has urged Russia to stop what it calls "provocative" border moves near an oil pipeline in Azerbaijan, after Georgia accused Russia of extending its administrative border with South Ossetia.
Pupils at my school in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis took part in the minute's silence for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attacks on 12 September, and then went on to take part in a mass rally in support of the magazine and the victims' families.
The European Union's Ebola mission, which was set up in Ghana to co-ordinate its response to the outbreak in West Africa, is to cut its staff and assets by more than half and move its headquarters to the capital, Accra, the agency has said.
Rescue teams in Nepal have rescued two more people from the rubble of buildings damaged in Saturday's earthquake, bringing the death toll from the disaster to 6,130, with 13,827 injured.
Shares in health care companies rose after the US Supreme Court ruled that a key part of the Obama-era healthcare bill, known as the Affordable Care Act, could be kept in place.
BBC Sport will broadcast live commentary of Bridlington Town's FA Cup first-round tie against South Shields at Wembley as part of the BBC's coverage of the 2017-18 European Championship.
As I stood on the pitch at Paris St-Germain's Parc des Princes on the eve of the Champions League final, I was overcome with pride and then embarrassment at the same time.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to accept the resignation of three suspended legislators who had been suspended by the country's Supreme Court.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry believed to be carrying suspected illegal immigrants was found in Bedfordshire, police have said.
Children who read for pleasure more than once a week are more likely to do well in maths, spelling and English, a study suggests.
St Mirren's Robbie Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct and could face a three-match ban after being charged by the Scottish Football Association.
For more than 2,000 years the Church of England has had exclusively male leaders - bishops who have been ordained by a man, and who have not themselves been ordained as priests.
The co-founder of Greggs bakery chain has been accused of being a "veneer of respectability" who was an "abuser of children", a court has heard.
The Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in full-year profits for 2012, mainly due to a drop in turnover at its building/civil engineering division.
The deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, in which 67 people were killed and more than 200 injured, has led to a sharp increase in the number of security measures being put in place in the country's major cities.
The US says it has begun training rebels in Syria to fight the so-called Islamic State (IS) in an effort to counter the threat posed by the militant group.
French voters are going to the polls on Sunday for the second round of the presidential election, in what is being seen as one of the biggest upsets in the country's history.
The funeral of a DJ who went missing after playing at the Glastonbury festival has taken place, with his brother describing him as "kind, modest and unassuming".
Friends and family of Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old gunman who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as "very shy" and "camera shy".
Ireland's women's hockey team have won the World League 2 title for the first time in 18 months with a 3-0 victory over Great Britain in the final in Belfast on Sunday.
A mental health trust has pleaded guilty to failing to provide safe care and treatment after a patient fell to his death from a roof at a hospital unit.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm and ammunition during an armed police operation in Luton, Bedfordshire.
The chancellor, George Osborne, told me last week that the economic pain caused by the UK's vote to leave the European Union had been "cancelled" and that he was now "more optimistic" about the process of leaving the EU and the single market.
UKIP has been accused of "scaremongering" over the issue of immigration and the NHS by a Welsh Liberal Democrat MP.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 to win his first ATP title of the year at the Brisbane International in Australia.
Morecambe's League Two play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were beaten at home by Mansfield in the first round of the EFL Cup.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men who broke into his home in Kilmarnock and attacked him.
Ex-Rangers midfielder Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the key moments of Saturday's 3-2 win over Celtic, according to the club's former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
Newport County chairman David Foxall has defended the club's decision to sack Graham Westley as manager after a run of five defeats in six League Two games.
The parents of a woman murdered in Mauritius have written an open letter to her friends and family saying they will not be able to attend her funeral due to health issues.
People in some parts of England are struggling to name their local councillors ahead of May's local elections, research suggests.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract as host of Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction on social media across the world, with some commentators saying the decision shows the corporation does not give a damn about its audience and others saying it shows it does.
A head teacher at a school at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse affair has been banned from teaching for five years.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Wales defender Chris Davies on a one-year deal after he was released by Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion.
Regular exercise can boost the size of a key part of the brain and help protect it from decline in later life, a study suggests.
A coroner has said there was a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who took his own life at a hospital in County Antrim.
A gap year student stranded in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake received "no help whatsoever" from the UK embassy, her mother has said.
Britain's Andy Murray will face Naomi Broady in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club, which starts on Monday.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has triggered a wave of Euroscepticism across Europe, with far-right politicians calling for a referendum on the issue in other EU countries.
A lorry driver and two accomplices have been jailed for their part in a "well-run organised crime group" which tried to smuggle 20 people into the UK illegally.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka in New Zealand, a special dance performed by the Maoris in the New Zealand national anthem, during his tour of the country.
Retailers need to change the way they promote healthy food and drink if they are to help cut obesity levels in Scotland, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation into allegations of historical child sex abuse against a former employee of the club in the 1990s, the club has confirmed.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and shrubbery damaged so lorries could get through and build on a five-acre field next to the site.
Telefonica has confirmed it is in exclusive talks to buy O2, the UK's second largest mobile phone operator, from Li-Ka Shing, the billionaire owner of the Cheung Kong empire.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde says the Pro12 double-header against the Ospreys and Scarlets this weekend could decide which players are selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can carry out complex tasks such as carrying out surgery, such as opening and closing a door, using only a single hand.
Three men have been jailed for their part in a multi-million pound advertising scam which defrauded businesses out of hundreds of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help Syrian refugees settle in to their new lives in Scotland after arriving in the north east of the country.
The new year is upon us, and many business leaders will be looking forward to a busy 2016 ahead.
Cornish Pirates back-row forwards Alex Cheesman and Morgs Morgan have signed new contracts with the club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march calling for the future of services at Stafford Hospital after it was put into administration.
A Flintshire man has posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag on social media after having surgery to help others with the same condition.
US President Donald Trump is not a man to mince his words when it comes to picking a fight over history.
Councils in the East Midlands want the government to back plans for a new tram line linking Derby and Nottingham, according to a document seen by the BBC.
Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive Stuart Davies has said a vote on the Welsh Rugby Union's (WRU) £3.75m takeover of Newport RFC is "hugely important" for the future of professional rugby in the region.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in Dumfries and Galloway to mark the start of the Celtic festival of Beltane.
The first homes being built for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire have been opened to the public as part of a major shake-up of defence bases in the area.
An investigation into the death of a Tesla driver who was killed in a crash while using the car's Autopilot feature has found no evidence of a defect in the vehicle.
Uganda's Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi's official website has been taken over by hackers in an apparent attempt to highlight the government's support for gay rights, reports say.
A man has been found guilty of bringing offensive weapons into Northern Ireland after he was stopped by police on his way back from a Bulgarian holiday, while a special Olympian is hailed a hero and an MP recalls being just yards away from the Westminster attack.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him with the country until the end of the 2017 Test series against England.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in central London, police have said.
Saudi Arabia has called on the US to reverse its decision to allow families of victims of the 9/11 attacks to sue the kingdom, saying it will have a "negative impact" on international relations.
A drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles earlier this month is to be taken to Malta for repairs before being scrapped.
Four people have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple who were accused of insulting Islam in a dispute over money, police say.
The UN has announced the names of 10 ministers for a proposed unity government in Libya, in a bid to end more than a year of political deadlock in the country.
Christmas can be a stressful time of year for many of us - the turkey, the presents, the tree, the decorations, the mulled wine and, of course, the arguments over who's got the best tree.
A former American football star who was serving a life sentence for killing his former cellmate has taken his own life in prison in the US state of New Mexico, officials say.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to figures released by the police watchdog.
The world governing body of athletics, the IAAF, is to end its sponsorship deal with Adidas at the end of 2016, the sport's governing body has confirmed.
Ireland and the Netherlands had to settle for a draw in their Intercontinental Cup game in Dublin after rain washed out the second day of the match.
A man armed with a machete has attacked a police officer at the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, wounding the officer with the weapon before being shot dead, police say.
Scientists in the US have been sending a robot submarine into the deepest part of the ocean to see if they can find any new species of fish or jellyfish.
A judge in the US state of Minnesota has ruled that genetic tests are to be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of the late singer Prince.
The founder of the Wings Over Scotland blog has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment, the Metropolitan Police have said.
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and chief executive David Gold have rejected an offer from Monster Beverage to buy a minority stake in the club, BBC Radio 5 live understands.
Alphabet, the parent company of search giant Google, has reported a rise in revenue for the first three months of the year, helped by strong advertising sales.
The new owners of a Dumfries-based engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to double the number of staff they employ.
A charity worker accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman out of more than £1m has told a court she was "taken advantage of" of her.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire, police have said.
Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker, is to be sold in the UK for the first time later this month.
A mother who was due to be deported to Nigeria with her two young daughters, who she fears will be subjected to female genital mutilation, has been given an overnight reprieve, a family friend has said.
A UKIP councillor in Northern Ireland has been expelled from the party following a disciplinary meeting, the party has confirmed.
An Irish man who was shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his children has been named by police as a 40-year-old father-of-three from the Republic of Ireland.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that one of its giant pandas, Tian Tian, is pregnant with her first cub since arriving in the UK in 2011.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone for the first time this season with a comfortable win over Wigan, who remain in danger of relegation from the Championship.
St Helens' Ben Flower has been banned for eight games after being found guilty of punching Wigan's Lance Hohaia in the head in the Super League Grand Final.
Hungary says it will offer buses to thousands of migrants who have been stranded in the capital, Budapest, after more than 1,000 were forced to leave the city on Friday.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says Chelsea midfielder Victor Moses could return to the Premier League club this season after his loan spell at the club last season.
Ten-man Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Coventry City.
The Scottish government has accused the Conservatives of using "inaccurate and misleading" figures to highlight cuts to education spending by councils in Scotland.
A man jailed for four-and-a-half years for filming a fatal shooting in Dundee has won an appeal against his conviction over charges of coercion and sending the footage to relatives.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with a series of events in the Republic of Ireland and in France.
The Indiana Pacers will host the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season game at London's O2 Arena for the first time in more than two years when the teams meet in the UK next month.
James Robert Hennessy was a plasterer from Ellesmere Port, who travelled to the match by car with his father, Robert, who was killed in the attack, and his brother, Kevin, who also died in the crash.
Grimsby moved out of the relegation zone with victory over 10-man Mansfield, who were reduced to 10 men at Blundell Park after manager Gary Evans was sent off for a clash with security staff.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has rejected President Mohamed Farmajo's amnesty offer to its fighters, saying it was a "misunderstanding" by the new government and "just to please the West".
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), the business lobby group has confirmed.
More than 1,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest at the city's government headquarters calling for better safety conditions for their compatriots.
Eoin Morgan's brilliant century helped England complete a record-breaking run-chase to beat Australia by 10 runs and take a 2-1 lead in the one-day series with a game to play in the final game in Leeds on Sunday.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den as the League One play-off hopefuls missed the chance to extend their lead at the top of the table.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19s boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach on a two-year deal.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US, including Iraq, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
The 2011 riots in England and Wales could have been avoided if police had been deployed more quickly, MPs have said in a report into the events of that year.
The world of social media marketing has changed dramatically in the last few years, with companies of all sizes taking advantage of the power of the platform to reach new audiences and gain new business.
The UK is set to vote on whether or not it should stay in or leave the European Union, the group of countries in Europe that work together to make laws and rules for each other.
A husband and wife have been jailed for conspiring to hide more than £300,000 in a "sophisticated attempt to hide criminal proceeds", a court has heard.
For more than a century, Japanese knotweed has been one of the biggest problems facing the UK, and now a new app has been launched that aims to help solve the problem.
Rents for beach huts in Poole are set to rise by more than 10% in the next five years, according to a beach hut association.
A huge oil barge that crashed into a platform in the North Sea on Wednesday, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of workers, has drifted away from its mooring and is now adrift, Norwegian officials say.
Easter is one of the world's biggest consumer holidays, with millions of people around the world gathering together to hunt for eggs, eat chocolate and, of course, hunt for the perfect Easter egg.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy on bars and clubs in Liverpool have been rejected by the city council.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan last year that killed more than 100 people.
Serena Shuker became the first woman to win the British Open wheelchair mixed doubles title as she and her partner won the event for the first time at the Aegon Championships in Birmingham on Sunday.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has won the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end more than 50 years of armed conflict in his country.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League for the second time this season and end a run of three straight defeats.
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Championship with a comfortable victory over St Mirren at Easter Road.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed defender Danny Wilson on a one-year contract after he was released by the club.
"Myanmar was the land of my forefathers," says Sarlan, a Burmese Tamil man who fled the country more than 50 years ago and has never been able to return to his homeland, despite living in India for more than half a century.
More than 18% of married or co-habiting couples in England and Wales are suffering from "highly-conflicted" relationships, according to a new report.
The cost to Scotland of the UK government's decision to cancel a competition to kick-start carbon capture and storage technology could be as much as £8.9bn, a report has found.
The European Space Agency's (GSA) Galileo satellite navigation system is one of the most ambitious technology projects in the history of the world.
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has said it is time for the search for her killer to come to an end.
Facebook has removed a post which appeared to list the names and photographs of eight people in west Belfast who have been accused of so-called joy riding on the social media site.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be prepared to be sacked by chairman Paul Scally if he was told by the club's board that he was no longer wanted at the club.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 after scoring the winner in Thursday's win over Cyprus, but admits it will be "hard" for them to reach the finals in France.
The Prime Minister, David Cameron, has been visiting a school in China to see what it's like to learn a foreign language.
Antibiotic resistance is becoming a bigger problem in hospitals than it was two years ago, a leading specialist in sepsis has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derby has been halted until a judicial review can take place, a High Court judge has ruled.
Plans to build a new £40m hospital in Somerset have been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
Leading figures from the Commonwealth have written to David Cameron urging him to stay in the European Union, ahead of the prime minister's final EU renegotiation speech.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability" to be part of a team if he wins the party's leadership, shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced, with Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Barry Gibb among the first acts to be confirmed.
A spectacular rainbow and lenticular clouds have been spotted over parts of the north east of Scotland - and some people have taken to social media to comment on the unusual sight.
Former Watford and England manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre-season fixture in his memory, the club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's "ill-discipline came back to haunt them" in their 20-13 defeat by Exeter Chiefs in the National League.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored twice as Grimsby twice came from behind to draw with 10-man Barnet at Blundell Park, despite being reduced to 10 men in stoppage time.
Sunderland striker Nacho Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell's Old Boys on loan until the end of the season after agreeing a permanent move to the Championship club.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has sent shockwaves across Europe that will reverberate for months to come, and the UK's prime minister is now facing a very awkward summit of EU leaders next week in Brussels to try to work out how to deal with the fallout.
India's first metro rail service in the southern city of Chennai has been inaugurated, with the first train being driven by a woman, reports say.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in a field in south Armagh in what police have described as a "sensationalist" and "s sinister" crime.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the one-day international series for the first time this summer, along with captain Eoin Morgan and vice-captain Jos Buttler.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the first of two Twenty20 internationals in India on Wednesday as the hosts lost by eight runs in the opening match of their tour of India.
The US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station for more than a year is about to break a record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, the sixth bird of prey to be killed in the region in the past two months, police have said.
Two men have been jailed for their part in an international operation targeting illegal drugs and weapons sold on the dark web marketplaces Silk Road and Dark Web marketplace.
Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton return to the Ireland team to face world champions New Zealand in Sunday's Six Nations match at Twickenham after injury.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, following a strong start to the day on European stock markets, as investors reacted to news that a deal had been reached on a Greek debt deal.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the longest-serving prime ministers in British history - and she was known as "the Iron Lady" for her tough approach to government and her tough style of leadership.
Russia's decision to send surface-to-air missiles to Syria has been described as "ill-timed and very unfortunate" by the head of the US military's top military commander.
Banksy has denied claims his controversial new exhibition in Weston-super-Mare is a hoax, after ticket sales for the attraction were suspended due to "technical difficulties".
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party, five years after he was elected, following the party's general election defeat.
Four cats have died after eating antifreeze, the RSPCA has said, in the latest in a series of cat poisonings in the same area.
Exeter and Saracens have expressed concern about the legal action brought against the Premiership club by ex-South Africa captain George Willis.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from Indonesian firms suspected of contributing to a haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia, the government has said.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has given the country's state of the union address, a day after President Hugo Chavez appeared in public for the first time since he was diagnosed with cancer.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a series of cases that could pave the way for same-sex marriage to be legalised in all 50 US states.
England's confidence in their World Cup campaign is at its highest level since the opening match of the tournament, ahead of Saturday's game against Italy, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate for London mayor after winning a ballot of his constituency members.
A widow has said she was left "speechless" after thieves broke into her home while she was at her husband's funeral and stole jewellery worth more than £20,000.
Jockey David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree for the first time on Saturday.
The head teacher of a primary school has been suspended after he was fined for taking his children on term-time holidays, it has emerged.
The father of former Formula 1 driver Henry Surtees has called on Lewis Hamilton to rethink his opposition to the 'halo' head protection device in Formula 1's new 'Halo' system.
Archaeologists and geoscientists are to carry out the first ever 3D mapping of coastal erosion in Wales as part of a £1.5m project to assess the impact of climate change on heritage sites.
We welcome your comments, stories, pictures and feedback on our programmes and websites, so we'd like to know what you think about them.
Former Blackburn Rovers captain Paul Dunn has been appointed as first-team coach at the Championship club on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards ceremony in the world of music, and they take place every year in Los Angeles, America.
Pernod Ricard, the company behind the Jameson's and Chivas Regal whisky brands, has reported a fall in sales of its Scotch whisky brands in the first three months of the year, as the market remains "challenging" in China and India.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal, has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September, hit by a drop in the value of its Australian pay-TV network Foxtel.
China's state-run newspapers have gone on the offensive in the wake of the UN's decision to reject China's claim to most of the South China Sea in a landmark arbitration case.
There were "lost opportunities" to save the life of a premature baby from Swansea who died after he was taken off a ventilator and left to die in his mother's arms, a coroner has said.
A BBC Radio Derby appeal to raise money for a Derbyshire man diagnosed with skin cancer has reached its target of £100,000 after a further £10,000 was donated by a Freemason's lodge.
A man who conned two people out of more than £1,000 for World Cup football tickets has been ordered to pay back the money.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a boy was found at a house in south-east London.
A student who hung himself from the Cenotaph during the London riots did not know what it looked like, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist with a machete at a Tesco store has been jailed for life for the attempted murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
Dozens of people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, and the southern city of Basra, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily quotas for the number of asylum seekers it takes in, as part of efforts to stem the influx of migrants into the country.
David Beckham's bid to set up his own Major League Soccer team in Miami has been given the go-ahead by the sport's governing body.
Actress Tippi Hedren has spoken out for the first time about the alleged sexual harassment she says she suffered from director Alfred Hitchcock in the early 1960s, saying he threatened to "ruin" her career if she told anyone about it.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) say they are treating an obese Egyptian woman who was discharged from an Indian hospital where she was being treated for weight loss surgery, but say she is still in intensive care.
A video showing the Queen and her mother giving a Nazi salute in the 1930s has been released by a newspaper, which has said it is from the Queen's private collection.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he attempts to close the gap on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Formula 1 world championship.
Last winter's floods were "the most extreme on record" and the wettest on record, according to a new review of flood data from the UK's hydrology centres.
Voters in one of the UK's most ethnically diverse council areas are going to the polls on Thursday to elect a new group of councillors for the first time in more than 30 years.
Stan Wawrinka beat world number one Novak Djokovic in five sets to win his first French Open title and end the Serb's hopes of becoming the first man to win all four Grand Slams at the same time.
Durham were bowled out for just 156 on the opening day of their County Championship match against Yorkshire at Scarborough as Yorkshire took control at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Sunderland.
The UK government's approach to banning so-called "legal highs" is at odds with the recommendations of an expert panel set up by the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) last October.
Morocco's Football Association (FMRFF) has banned fans from attending Raja Casablanca's home matches after clashes between rival supporters at the end of the club's match on Saturday.
Every year on the eve of Heroes' Day, thousands of Zimbabweans gather on the streets of the capital, Harare, to watch President Robert Mugabe deliver his annual address to the nation.
Rangers midfielder Josh Windass hopes his first goal for the club since leaving Accrington Stanley will help him earn a regular place in the first team this season.
A New Zealand-based private rocket company has successfully launched its first vehicle, a tiny rocket that can carry small satellites into low-Earth orbit for less than $5m (Â£3.5m), in a test flight.
There has been a sharp increase in the amount of money paid out to consultants for extra work in Scotland's hospitals, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Rugby is one of the most popular sports for kids in the UK, but it's not always easy to find a way to keep them safe.
Rescue teams in Indonesia are searching for more than 20 people missing after the Mount Sinabung volcano in Papua province erupted on Saturday, killing at least six people and injuring at least 20 others.
One year on from the UK voting to leave the European Union, there is still a lot of uncertainty about what the future holds for the UK's membership of the EU and the country's future relationship with the rest of the world.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by Uefa after failing a drugs test for a banned substance by the governing body's anti-doping body.
As the general election campaign gets under way, BBC Wales looks at some of the key seats in Wales that could prove to be key to the outcome of this year's vote.
There should be no stigma attached to children having basic rights to food, Scotland's children's commissioner has said, as he called for the Scottish government to do more to tackle food poverty.
An NHS trust has apologised to the family of a schoolgirl who took her own life after she was failed by the mental health system, an inquest has heard.
The cost of speeding courses for motorists caught travelling at more than 10% above the speed limit could rise by more than 50% under plans being considered by a police and crime panel, it has been claimed.
Cadets at the US military academy at West Point, New York, are being investigated after a pillow fight left several cadets injured, the academy has said.
The rights of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people, the rights of people of African descent and those from minority ethnic groups, and the treatment of homosexuals are just some of the issues that have been the subject of heated debate in Brazil in recent months.
The original Batmobile, the car used in the 1960s TV series Batman, has sold at auction in Los Angeles for $1.5m (roughly £1.2m).
Home Secretary Theresa May has defended plans to make it easier to deport foreign criminals and make it harder for illegal immigrants to stay in the UK, as she unveiled new measures to tackle the issue of immigration.
At a Labour Day rally in central Paris last week, a fiery speech was delivered by a woman who had spent the past two decades campaigning for a far-right party that has become France's leading working-class party.
World champion Mark Selby cruised into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-0 victory over John O'Brien at the Crucible Theatre.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a Barnsley football club legend who played for the club in the 1940s and 50s.
The UK's largest energy supplier has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service" after complaints about its service.
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship to seven points after a gruelling race in Shanghai.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in a lake in Cumbria.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli says he will always have a "special place in his heart" for the club after signing for AC Milan on a free transfer.
Shares in the world's biggest carmaker, Volkswagen, have fallen more than 14% after it was hit by a emissions scandal that could cost it billions of dollars in the US.
Kilmarnock defender Scott Samson has signed a new one-year contract with the Scottish Championship club.
Andy Murray and his wife Kim Kardashian West are expecting their first child, BBC Scotland has learned.
Toulon are in talks with Premiership clubs about playing in the Super Rugby competition next season, the French club's president has said.
A newspaper, a scroll and a bottle of perfume have been found in a time capsule that has been hidden inside a bridge for more than 100 years.
The E3 gaming show is taking place in Los Angeles, America, this week and it's all about virtual reality - the next big thing in gaming.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face prompted her to undergo facial surgery has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican's recognition of his country's statehood is "an important step forward" in the search for peace in the Middle East, as tensions continue to rise over US President-elect Donald Trump's plan to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with an alleged hare coursing incident in Dalkeith in Dumfries and Galloway in March.
Six writers have been shortlisted for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Writer of the Year, the first time the award has been won by a Welsh author.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, to protest against President Jacob Zuma, calling for him to be removed from office.
Ex-cabinet minister Chris Huhne was given a pass to the Houses of Parliament while serving a prison sentence for fraud, it has emerged.
A worker was contaminated with radiation during an exercise at Devonport Royal Dockyard last year, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been found not guilty of sexually abusing boys in Nottingham in the 1970s and 1980s, after being cleared of 14 other charges.
Microsoft is launching an education edition of its Minecraft game, which it says will be free to use for children and free for teachers, in the US and Canada.
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he is keen to return to club management in the "short term" after agreeing a new two-year contract with manager Martin O'Neill.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for a number of players before the transfer window closes at the end of the season.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said the UK should hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union as soon as possible.
In Theresa May's letter triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty she states: "We believe its necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the European Union."
Two 16-year-old boys have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton in which four teenagers were injured.
An investigation is under way into the cause of a fire which broke out at a derelict pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff on Saturday night.
Universities in Wales are concerned about the rise in the number of students using essay mills - websites which offer students a bespoke essay in return for a fee - to cheat on their coursework, BBC Wales Today has learned.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK allegedly sent an image of a police officer with a "dirty look" to Islamic State militants, a court has heard.
Aberdeenshire council has said it is considering plans to install wind turbines at Donald Trump's golf course in the Highlands.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) regime in the Iraqi city of Mosul is in a state of "total collapse", according to sources in the city, as Iraqi forces close in on the group's last major stronghold in the country.
Mame Biram Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke City came from behind to draw with Premier League leaders Chelsea at the Britannia Stadium.
A man has died in hospital after being found with serious head injuries at a caravan park in Dorset.
The line-up for this year's Wickerman Festival has been announced, with Dizzee Rascal and Martha Reeves and The Vandellas among the first acts to be confirmed for the two-day event.
Scotland has seen the highest number of bank branches close or earmarked for closure in the UK in the last year, according to research by the Bank of Scotland.
New rules aimed at preventing banks from becoming "too big to fail" and ending the "too-big-to-fail" crisis have been agreed by world leaders.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the first three months of the year, boosted by strong growth in the manufacturing and services sectors, official figures have shown.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry, North Ayrshire, has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares hit a fresh seven-year high on Monday as the market continued to benefit from the new stock connect trading link between mainland China and Hong Kong, despite disappointing trade data.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation, in a move that is likely to cause chaos in the country's cash-strapped economy.
A cyclist who sexually assaulted a woman on a footpath in Bournemouth could be linked to a series of similar attacks in the town, police have said.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have met for the first time in public ahead of their heavyweight fight on Saturday, with the pair trading insults in the build-up to their fight at London's O2 Arena.
Two climbers have been killed in the French Alps while attempting to climb one of the world's highest mountains, police have said.
Parents who have children under the age of 16 can now set a speed limit on their car to make sure they don't go over the limit.
A new species of reptile has been identified from fossilised footprints made more than 250 million years ago in the Pyrenees mountains in Spain.
Kent chairman John Kennedy is to step down from his role at the County Championship club at the end of the current season.
An Indian MP from the right-wing Shiv Sena party has been banned from all domestic airlines after he was accused of hitting an airline employee with a sandal in a row over a seat.
It's one year since the Rwandan army killed more than 1,000 people in a massacre at a school in the north-eastern town of Kinshasa, in what is believed to have been one of the worst atrocities in the country's history.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has come out in support of US President-elect Donald Trump, saying: "I think Donald Trump will be a positive president for the United States."
Obesity among teenagers may be linked to an increased risk of bowel cancer in later life, according to a large study.
The Labour Party is "in danger of not asking the right questions" and failing to get the right answers, former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory and opened to the public for the first time in more than 150 years.
President Hassan Rouhani has been a key player in Iran's political life since the 1979 revolution, and has been at the centre of the country's nuclear negotiations with the West since 2013, when he was first elected to the presidency.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father Chris would have been "ecstatic" to see his son reach the semi-finals of Euro 2016 after helping him reach the finals of the tournament for the first time.
Three hospital urgent care units which have been closed at night due to "extremely busy" conditions are to remain closed for a further three months, the NHS has said.
When I first moved to Moscow six years ago, I used to spend a lot of time in the Kremlin and, as a result, I was well versed in the state secrets of the Russian state, including the state policy of President Vladimir Putin and the state strategy of his government.
London workers have the longest commutes in the UK, but the average time spent travelling to and from work has fallen in the past decade, according to a study by the TUC and Work Wise UK.
Some councils in Wales do not routinely scan the microchips of animals found dead on the roads, despite calls for them to do so, it has been claimed.
3D printing - or 3D printing as it is more commonly known - is one of the fastest growing technologies in the world of manufacturing and it's revolutionising the way we make things.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about a new contract with the Premier League champions after winning the title for the second time in three years.
Retailer Brantano, one of the UK's largest department stores, has been placed into administration, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in the Republic of Ireland last year has been told he was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the attack.
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach's final game in charge of the club ended in defeat as they were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final at the Olympic Stadium.
The mother of a teenage girl who took her own life has said she is "appalled" a council has refused to disclose the full report into her daughter's death.
Google has released the first draft of the next version of its Android operating system, which it hopes will be used on more than half of the world's smartphones by the end of the year.
Members of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra have failed to agree on a successor to the orchestra's long-serving chief conductor.
St Peter's of Derry and St Mary's of Wexford will meet in the Hogan Cup final for the second year in a row after they drew 2-13 to 2-12 in the semi-final between the sides on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers and QPR boss John Waddock as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Conservatives have said that if they win the general election, they will introduce a cap on the amount that energy suppliers can charge for standard variable tariffs, similar to the one introduced for pre-payment meters in April.
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games are just around the corner, with Rio de Janeiro set to host the 2016 Games in August.
A man is in an induced coma in hospital after being stabbed in the groin in a road rage attack in Middlesbrough, police have said.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a run-off next month after no candidate won an outright majority in Sunday's first round, with two candidates neck-and-neck in a race that will go down to the wire.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" in Wales at the general election, saying it could win five seats in the assembly.
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish Jersey's historic airport terminal to make way for a multi-storey car park.
League One side Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year contract after he was released by the club.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol are set to be unveiled later as part of the city's regeneration zone.
On the outskirts of the Colombian city of Cartagena, in the north-eastern province of Uraba, there are a number of huts that look like they could be used as hide-outs for one of the world's most powerful drug lords.
A dog has been found "unscratched" at the bottom of a huge sinkhole that opened up on a golf course on the Isle of Skye, the owners have said.
Tesco has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profit to £145m after taking a legal charge of more than £200m as it settles legal action over its accounts for the 2015-16 financial year.
Mansfield Town have signed former Crewe Alexandra and Lincoln City striker Jordan Oliver on a one-month loan deal.
A Polish journalist expelled from Russia has told the BBC he will take his cat with him when he leaves the country, after Russia told him it would look after it if he abandons it.
Venezuela's security forces have used "excessive force" against protesters since anti-government protests began in April, a UN human rights team has said in a report.
Three of the world's most capable Earth observation satellites have been sent back to Earth for the first time, and they have returned a series of stunning pictures of the Earth from their three platforms.
A World War Two veteran from Carmarthenshire has been presented with France's highest military honour after his family contacted an MP to get it fast-tracked.
League Two side Grimsby Town have agreed a deal to sign Mansfield Town midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal, subject to international clearance and a work permit.
A "top-down reorganisation" of local government in Wales should not be imposed by the Welsh Government, the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
London Irish scrum-half Tommy Bowe has been given a two-week ban for violent conduct by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to a charge of violent conduct.
The Iranian government has ordered social media firms to block access to the country's most popular messaging app if they do not comply with a new law requiring them to hand over encrypted messages to the government.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie has set up a new America's Cup team with the aim of challenging for the trophy in the future.
Users could soon be able to sign on to portable devices using images rather than text-based passwords, according to Microsoft.
A man who was stabbed outside a bar in Grimsby has died in hospital, police have said.
China has accused Japan of breaching its pacifist constitution after it passed controversial new security laws that allow the military to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War Two.
Rafael Benitez suffered his first defeat as Chelsea manager as his side were held to a draw at home by Southampton, who came from 2-0 down at half-time to claim a point in the Premier League.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two-match one-day international series against Sri Lanka because of a hamstring injury.
An ancient fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been identified as a new species of extinct reptile, dating back to the time when the dinosaurs roamed the Earth.
Olympic champion Katie Archibald won her second gold medal of the weekend at the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Abu Dhabi with victory in the women's individual time trial.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in 2016-17 has topped four million for the first time in eight years, according to the latest figures.
A bid has been launched to raise £10m to restore and reopen the Alexandra Palace Theatre in north London as part of a £25m project to transform the building into a cultural centre.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the middle of a golf course in the US state of California in America.
The electoral watchdog has called for urgent action to tackle the issue of people registering to vote twice in the general election, following claims on social media that some people had cast more than one vote in May's poll.
Bristol Flyers will play in the BBL Play-offs for the first time after beating Manchester Force on Sunday to secure their place in the top eight of the Women's British Basketball League.
Josh Matavesi scored a late try as Ospreys came from behind to draw with Racing Metro in their European Champions Cup game at Liberty Stadium and keep alive their hopes of reaching the quarter-finals.
A terminally-ill five-year-old boy from Teesside who received more than £200,000 from Everton fans to help pay for his cancer treatment has been told he has just weeks to live.
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be held in November and December, a Fifa taskforce has recommended.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro on Wednesday, while shares in Barclays fell after the bank was sued by the US government for alleged mortgage securities fraud.
A Northern Ireland woman has failed in her bid to become the first person to give the time on the BT speaking clock when people dial 123.
Vincenzo Ventura has been named as Antonio Conte's successor as Italy coach after Euro 2016, with the Italian Football Federation confirming he will take over from the Chelsea boss at the end of the tournament.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she has "never given up on life" and will continue to fight for justice for her son, 20 years after he was murdered.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Yann Atangana on a one-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" who does not "laugh and joke with the media or the opposition" as he bids to cement his place in the Test side.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian man who was shot dead in a drive-by shooting in what police say was a case of "boredom".
Imagine going to school and being greeted by one of the world's best-selling authors.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a foot injury and will miss the tournament in New Zealand in June and July.
Ebola was the most popular search term on Google in 2014, followed by "What is love", "Who is Lohanthony" and "How to twerking", the search giant has revealed.
Cornish Pirates director of rugby Steve Cattle says his side's performance in their bonus-point win over Leinster in the European Challenge Cup was "flattered" by the visitors' performance.
A woman with a rare illness that has left her paralysed from the waist down is to marry the man of her dreams.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered his government to review all contacts with the United Nations, including funding and the presence of UN representatives in Israel, the foreign ministry says.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the human rights of ex-President Dalia Paksas when it barred him from standing for election in 2004.
Arsenal maintained their 100% start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Watford at Vicarage Road.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" weather warning for rain in parts of south and mid Wales on Monday morning.
The number of women in the UK who have suffered a miscarriage has reached a record high of more than one in 10,000, according to a new report.
Cerberus, the US investment fund that bought Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, was told it could get access to the executive via a Belfast law firm, its chief operating officer has told the Public Accounts Committee.
Ayr United maintained their slim hopes of a Scottish Championship play-off place with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic.
Former Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain in Malawi while on a visit to the country in 2005.
An inmate has died at HMP Elmley in Kent, the latest in a series of deaths at the prison which has been criticised by the Prison Officers' Association.
A fraudster who posed as a court clerk to escape from custody has pleaded guilty to eight counts of fraud worth Â£1,819,000.
Two of Wales' most senior council chief executives have been ordered to pay back more than £50,000 in unlawful pension payments after a report by the auditor general.
A driver caught speeding at 101mph (160km/h) on a dual carriageway of a major motorway has been fined 150% of his weekly income, police have said.
The European Commission has said that EU nationals living in the UK should be given the same rights as those living elsewhere in the EU, if the UK votes to leave the bloc.
Former EastEnders and Carry On actress Dame Barbara Windsor has announced that she is to retire from acting.
Virtual reality (VR) is best known for its use in gaming and as a way to experience the world through the eyes of a virtual reality headset, such as the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
Satisfaction with the student experience at Welsh universities has remained steady over the past year, according to a survey by the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.
Cologne's annual carnival is getting under way, a year after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted during New Year celebrations in the city.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted to set up an independent committee to investigate how members of the assembly are paid for their expenses.
A black woman has claimed she and her friends were refused entry to a Nottingham nightclub because of their skin colour in what she believes was a "hate incident".
Vulnerable children and young people in foster care in Scotland need more foster carers to offer them "love, stability and security", a charity has said.
Three elderly friends who tackled a burglar who broke into a house and pinned him to the ground have been given an award for their bravery.
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be allowed to stay in the city after Brexit, according to a report by the city's business leaders.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club, keeping him at the club until the summer of 2019.
Diageo workers at its distilleries and bottling plants in Scotland and Northern Ireland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pensions.
The first of two refurbished trains on the Belfast to Dublin rail line is to return to service on Wednesday, Translink has said.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling for an end to child marriage in the country, in what is believed to be the country's first ever fatwa issued by a female Muslim cleric.
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for the sport to be banned in the country because of the country's economic crisis and political unrest.
Boris Johnson has refused to rule out the possibility of the UK paying the EU to maintain access to the single market after it leaves the bloc, but said he did not want to "get into the minutiae" of negotiations.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in Germany say they have cancelled the event after a lightning strike left at least eight people seriously injured on Saturday.
India's parliament has passed a bill that will increase the jail term for juvenile offenders to at least five years, in a bid to tackle rising cases of rape and other crimes against women.
Three more people have appeared in court charged in connection with the discovery of the body of Becky Watts, who was found dead in woodland in Bristol on 2 March.
The mother of a boy who was removed from an EasyJet flight after an overbooked flight at Gatwick Airport has said the airline needs an "insulting overhaul" of its ticketing system.
A woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine in the 1950s has been honoured for her "outstanding contribution" to the fight against the disease 50 years after her death.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been persuaded to stay on as leader of the party after its members rejected his resignation offer, the party has said.
Plans to turn a former coal mine site in Dorset into a country park have been given the go-ahead by the local authority.
The Supreme Court has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its legal duty to stop illegal loyalist flag-protest parades in Belfast.
Labour has backed the government's plan to balance the books by 2017-18, despite criticism from the chancellor and shadow chancellor Ed Balls that it would require more than £30bn more in spending cuts than the Conservatives.
A 19-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire, police have said.
The family of a man stabbed to death in a hostel have called on the government to publish a report into what went wrong in the case of a high-risk prisoner who breached his probation conditions after being released from prison.
Lancashire's One-Day Cup game against Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a waterlogged pitch, leaving the Division Two leaders without a win for the first time this season.
More than one in six secondary schools in England are under-performing, according to the latest results from the latest set of GCSE results for England's schools.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes to protest against plans to demolish it has gone to court in a bid to overturn a council's decision to restrict basements to one storey.
The US government shutdown has entered its 10th week, with more than two weeks to go until a deal is reached between the White House and Congress to end the dispute over funding for a border wall and end the partial government shutdown, which has been dragging on for more than a month.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be put into the meat trade in a bid to save the breed from extinction on the moor, a conservation group has said.
Brazilian airline Latam has said it is suspending its flights to Caracas because of a dispute with the Venezuelan government over ticket revenues.
Six men have been charged with causing or assisting in the commission of a dangerous driving offence after four people were killed when a car crashed into a tree in West Yorkshire.
Spanish police have arrested a man suspected of being part of the notorious Pink Panther jewellery gang, which has carried out a string of high-profile robberies, in a raid on a shop in Barcelona.
Scunthorpe missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as Rochdale held on for a 3-2 victory at Spotland.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote later on whether to allow a private company to continue to carry out road repairs in the area.
Radhika Menon, the Indian Merchant Navy's first female ship captain, has won an international award for her role in the rescue of six fishermen who were stranded at sea for a week after their fishing boat capsized.
The final day of the final Test against India in Chennai was the worst day of England's tour so far, but it was also the best.
CBBC has been asking children in the UK if they think it's better to help or punish people who bully others.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him at The Oval until the end of the 2017 season.
Cameroon's hopes of reaching the Confederations Cup semi-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten 3-1 by Germany in their last-16 tie in Group B.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carriers will be guarded by inflatable boats, the defence secretary has said, as he visited Portsmouth to announce a £1.2bn investment in the city.
The contract to build the trains for the HS2 high-speed rail link between London and the West Midlands has been launched, with Siemens and Hitachi set to bid for the £1.2bn deal.
The Republic of Ireland's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is to sell off more than £15m of agricultural loans to a group of banks in Northern Ireland.
Harriet Harman, the former Labour deputy prime minister, was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Wednesday about women's rights in the European Union, in which she called for Britain to stay in the EU.
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman after she fell out with her and told it to "get her", a court has heard.
A 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with a crash which killed two teenagers in Monmouthshire will not face any further action, police have said.
Four uncapped players have been named in England's squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship, which starts on 4 February.
The last woolly mammoths may have been driven to extinction by a catalogue of genetic errors that led to their "genomic meltdown", according to new research.
Veteran British actor John Johnson, best known for his roles in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, has died at the age of 83.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault on a woman in Belfast city centre.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained on Salisbury Plain during World War One have been found on the site of a new Army base in Wiltshire.
A mosaic has been unveiled at Rotterdam Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign which saved the lives of hundreds of thousands of Dutch people.
Restrictions on the number of fast food restaurants within 400m of schools in a bid to tackle obesity are to be considered by a Kent council.
Lego has ended its promotional agreement with the Daily Mail, following criticism from the anti-racism campaign group Stop Funding Hate.
Scientists in the US say they have found a drug that could revolutionise HIV treatment, after a baby in Mississippi was found to be harbouring the virus in her body.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin from the "dark net" was inspired by the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its "most ambitious programme for government to date" as it launched its assembly election campaign, promising to create a "well-educated and wealthier Wales".
The Essex town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday with a series of events, including a book festival and a mural, as part of the town's 70th anniversary celebrations.
Sale Sharks are in talks with "four or five" international players about joining the club, according to director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Greece captain Evangelos Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Substitute Jack Baird's late goal was enough to give St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup and set up a home quarter-final tie against Queen of the South at Firhill on Saturday.
A daredevil motorcyclist has pulled off one of the most amazing stunts in the history of the sport - by riding a motorbike on top of a flatbed truck!
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell and Ravenscraig to protest against Tata Steel's plans to mothball its two plants in Scotland.
Two of the UK's most popular vloggers have told Newsbeat they don't think it's too much to ask for their videos to be clearly labelled as adverts.
The family of a seven-year-old boy with special educational needs has said they are "desperate" for him to be able to go to school because they are still waiting for a place at a special school.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of violence and restoring political stability in the country, after months of anti-government protests.
In our series of letters from African journalists, cartoonist and illustrator Laurent Sanguinetti takes us on a trip to Australis Minor, a small island off the coast of New South Wales in Australia.
An inquiry into historical child sex abuse at children's homes in north Wales has been given the go-ahead for a second phase, with the National Crime Agency to lead the investigation.
Police have said the death of a man who was found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full-back Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour of New Zealand because of injuries.
Reading midfielder Jurgen Rakels has joined Polish side Lech Poznan on loan until the end of the season after agreeing a permanent move to the club on a three-year deal.
Lana Del Rey is in the middle of one of her busiest days of the year - and it's lunchtime, and she's not even wearing a hat.
For the second time in a week, the US has been gripped by protests over the killing of an unarmed black man by a police officer, in what is becoming a pattern of violence against black people by the police in the US.
Too many children remain at "significant risk of harm" from "unregistered schools" in England, the chief inspector of schools says, as he calls for "greater urgency" in closing them down.
After the pre-season transfer window closed on 1 January, the Women's Super League One season is set to get under way with the start of the new WSL 1 campaign on Saturday, 1 June.
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play tennis for Slovenia at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, despite being banned from playing for Great Britain.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the Tour de France.
A Londonderry woman has been awarded £20,000 in damages after being discriminated against by her former employer for having a disabled daughter, the Equality Commission has said.
Iain Duncan Smith, Michael Gove, Boris Johnson and David Cameron have just all said the same thing in public for the first time: Britain should leave the European Union.
Joey Dunlop's son Gary will make his Ulster Grand Prix debut in the absence of TV presenter Guy Martin, who will be filming a land speed record attempt in the United States.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" during the club's recent poor run of form, says chief executive Neil Raynor.
As a mother of two young children, Emma Black was used to running around Hyde Park in London's Olympic Park with her friends, running at the same time as her husband, who was also a runner.
WBA world super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Anthony Dickens at London's O2 Arena on Saturday, 5 March.
The sale of certificates of Irish heritage will be withdrawn from sale in the Republic of Ireland at the end of this month because of low uptake, the government has said.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said.
WBO world heavyweight champion Joseph Parker was outpointed by Razvan Cojanu in his first defence of his title as he lost a unanimous points decision in their WBO title fight in New Zealand on Saturday.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy reversals on key issues on his first day in office, in a sign of a shift away from the hardline economic nationalism that helped propel him to the White House.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in his final appearance in the race, this time on the Aidan O'Brien-trained King George VI Chase at Aintree.
Scarlets have said they are "fully committed to eradicating discrimination and promoting equality for both staff and customers" after a photo of Gareth Williams dressed as a black man was posted on social media.
Vietnamese man Nguyen Phuc Bich says he is "very grateful" for the support he has received after a Facebook post about his "outrageous and ridiculous" name went viral.
Tesco has bought a 49% stake in the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum in a move that will see it become the UK's largest restaurant chain.
An Edinburgh taxi driver's collection of pictures of people he took in his cab during a festival are to go on display in the city.
Twelve bodies of Syrian migrants, including five children, have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece, the Turkish coastguard has said.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal admitted his side were not good enough in the second half of their 2-1 defeat by Fenerbahce as they suffered their third straight defeat.
The UK's trading standards regime is "as strong as its weakest link", according to the man in charge of the body that represents the industry's trade bodies.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged Unicef fraud in Cardiff in which people were conned out of more than £20,000.
Portsmouth chief executive Michael Eisner is set to take charge of the League Two club when his takeover of the club is completed in the summer.
The International Rescue Committee and the Doctors of the World have called on Greece to improve conditions at a migrant camp in the Greek island of Lesbos, where three people have died in recent days.
The most complete specimen of a stegosaur, one of the world's most famous dinosaurs, has been given to a UK museum in a bid to solve some of the mysteries of the creature.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiring to defraud the US government in the diesel emissions scandal that has rocked the German carmaker.
Cervical, gut and liver cancers are among the most common and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, according to a global study.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to and from conflict zones in Syria and Iraq to fight for so-called Islamic State.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space and what he's looking forward to when he returns to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 has unveiled its new presenting line-up for its 50th birthday celebrations, with four new presenters joining Matt Edmondson and Yasser Nasser on the airwaves.
At least eight whales have died following a second mass stranding of humpback whales off the coast of Shetland in the Western Isles.
Three weeks on from the start of the Saudi-led coalition air campaign against Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen, there has been no sign of a let-up in the air strikes, and Saudi Arabia and its allies say they are continuing to target Houthi positions across the country.
It is not every day that BBC Radio 4 goes out of its way to ask its listeners to share their love stories on their mobile phones, and it is not often that we ask our presenters to present their own stories on the air.
 AG Barr, the maker of Irn Bru, is to cut the amount of sugar in its flagship soft drinks range as part of a drive to reduce the number of calories in its products.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire director on its board, despite his involvement in a legal battle with the US news website Gawker.
A bid has been launched to rebuild one of the world's most famous robots at London's Natural History Museum in a bid to mark the 90th anniversary of its unveiling.
In El Salvador's capital, San Salvador, a television ad has been running for the past two months urging people not to join one of the country's powerful street gangs, known as "maras", and to stay away from them.
Great Britain's winter sports are to be given more funding following their success at the 2014 Winter Olympics, UK Sport has confirmed.
Manchester Storm secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Belfast Giants at the SSE Arena.
The head of the police and crime commissioner has called for a change in the law to allow prosecutors to decide whether a cyclist's death should be treated as a criminal case.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady's co-accused will not be charged over claims he gave her a sealed envelope containing information about his final resting place, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle played out a goalless draw at Fratton Park as the League Two play-off hopefuls missed the chance to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
The shape of the electron, one of the building blocks of matter, has been measured with "very, very high degree of precision" for the first time, scientists say.
The government's top law officer has said it is an "open question" whether the media should be allowed to report comments made by MPs in Parliament in breach of court orders.
A man who suffered "life-changing injuries" when he fell through a skylight at a college has had a claim for compensation rejected by a judge.
Olympic champion Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race in Scotland.
A parking company has said it has taken steps to "mitigate the risk of this reoccurring" after a series of incidents in which drivers were wrongly charged for parking in the same car park at the same time.
Plans for a £50m project to improve one of Glasgow's busiest roads have been unveiled following a public consultation.
A new song has been released in South Africa calling on people to unite in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Worcestershire.
There has been a lot of talk in the build-up to the Welsh government's latest budget about the impact of cuts to university funding, but it was clear from the very start that it wasn't going to go down well with the universities.
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines over a BBC Countryfile column by naturalist Ian Packham, which criticised conservationists who oppose grouse shooting, the corporation's Trust has said.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 3-2 to take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven World Series after the third game of the series in Chicago on Friday.
A fundraising campaign set up by former EastEnders actress Alison Bracknell, who is terminally ill with lung cancer, has raised more than £100,000 in a matter of days.
Leonardo Ulloa scored a stoppage-time penalty as West Ham came from behind to earn a point against 10-man Leicester at the King Power Stadium in a game that saw both teams reduced to 10 men.
China is the world's second-largest economy and the largest producer and consumer of energy after the US, and is attracting billions of dollars in foreign investment, but it is also one of the most repressive countries in the world and has a reputation for cracking down on dissent.
The Queen is to be joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at a street party in central London to mark her 90th birthday later this month.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
Scientists in the US have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall, so it can avoid the damage caused when it does.
The deputy mayor of Calais, Philippe Mignonet, has said the UK should introduce ID cards in response to the recent scenes of thousands of migrants trying to get to the UK after crossing from North Africa and travelling through Europe, but there is still strong opposition to the idea here.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's players for the first time as he prepares for his first full day in charge of the Scottish champions on 20 June.
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said the scope of the investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited", as the US and Swiss authorities gave updates on their respective inquiries into the organisation.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland will not take over from Stuart Lancaster if he is appointed England head coach, says ex-Wales and British and Irish Lions captain Martyn Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has said he has been "vindicated" by former FBI director James Comey's testimony about his firing by the president, despite the former director's claims that he was fired because of an investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the US election.
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police over claims he discussed voting while the polls were open in the Bradford West by-election, it has been claimed.
A landslip-hit road in Cornwall which closed for more than two years has been re-opened after a new route has been approved by the council.
A video game based on one of the world's most popular wrestling traditions has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles.
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity in memory of Oscar Knox to the family of the boy who died from the disease.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States, the country's foreign minister has announced.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has drawn up a plan to deal with the botched Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme, the BBC has learned.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham 25 years ago have said they believe he died in an accident near to the farmhouse where he was last seen playing on the day he went missing.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after falling from a balcony in Brighton, police have said.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead after carding a two-over-par 73 on the second day of the WGC-HSBC Champions event at Wentworth in England.
A bridge where "love locks" were installed as part of a "romance trend" has been removed after it was found to be starting to rust, a council has said.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "give it everything I've got" to catch Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg and win the Formula 1 world title this year, but admitted he will not be surprised if he does not win it this year.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was found with serious injuries in a car in Oxford.
The body of a dog has been recovered from the River Edzell in Perthshire after it fell into the water and was later found to have drowned.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have warned of a "clown purge" in the wake of the "killer clown" craze in the US, which has spread to Australia and New Zealand.
Durham Jets earned their first T20 Blast win of the season as rain forced the abandonment of their match against Leicestershire in the North Group in Newcastle.
South Africa's bowlers dominated the first day of the third Test against India as the hosts reached 200-4 on day one of the three-match series.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has broken three million for the second year in a row, according to new figures.
There is a "big yawning gap" between the number of seven-year-olds who are physically active and those who are not, according to a study of children's exercise levels.
Osteoporosis drugs may increase the risk of fractures in elderly patients who have been taking them for a long time, a study in the journal Science suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan for the rest of the season from Dundee United until the end of the campaign.
Power has been restored to more than 1,000 homes and businesses in Greater Manchester that were left without electricity after flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Transport for London (TfL) is to stop issuing cash-free bus tickets for the first time as part of plans to save £24m a year, it has been announced.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the next two seasons after agreeing a deal with the city's council to move the club to a new stadium.
Glasgow-based department store chain Watt's has announced plans to create up to 400 jobs as part of a multi-million pound expansion plan.
With all the walking, running, cycling and gym activity you intend to do over the next few months, there's no doubt that you'll need something to track it all.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster and the families of the 96 football fans who died.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a crash in which one person was killed and another was seriously injured.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in the Indian Ocean has been called off in the area where acoustic pings from the plane's flight recorders were heard, Australian officials say.
Clyde, Arbroath and Elgin City all won their opening games of the Scottish League Two season as Annan Athletic and Clyde also picked up victories on the opening day of the season.
There's been a lot of debate in Scotland about whether or not Scotland should join the European Union (EU) or not.
A former music teacher raped a student in his car because he was "critical" to her future career, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July, despite the US threatening to impose sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of "pulling the wool over his eyes" over a £39m deal to buy timber from a company which missed a deadline to build a sawmill.
Council tax bills in England could rise by an average of £200 a year over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
A week ago, the story of a seven-year-old boy who went missing in a remote part of northern Japan was a simple tale of a boy being lost in the woods.
It has been a busy few days in the cricketing world for me, with a number of high-profile coaching and management changes in the space of a few days.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes who want to follow in his footsteps.
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has launched his election campaign, promising to "make UKIP great again" and promising to increase the party's membership to 100,000 by the next general election.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be reintroduced after the UK leaves the European Union.
A memorial has been unveiled in Liverpool to the men and women who fought in the Spanish Civil War in the 1930s and 40s, including 30 from Merseyside, who died fighting for the Republicans.
A woman has been shot dead in what police believe was an attempted murder by a group of cyclists on pedal cycles.
While its existence has become a source of controversy on both sides of the Channel, some people in the United States have said it is a symbol of the American dream, while others say it is part of the history of the United Kingdom.
The leader of the Baloch separatist movement in Pakistan's restive province of Balochistan has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the country's military if it agrees to drop its demand for a separate state for the region.
A few weeks ago we reported very real concerns about the choreography in the aftermath of the summit from Eurosceptic cabinet ministers, worried that the PM would be setting the pace and terms of the debate in its vital early hours.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced he will use social media to express his thoughts while in prison, in a move that has been criticised by the justice minister.
A cancer charity has called on the Welsh government to vaccinate all boys aged 12 and 13 against a sexually transmitted disease.
The manufacturer of a blue sippy cup for a boy who has only drank from it since he was two years old has said it will make a run of the original mould after a Twitter appeal by a father.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham ended a run of four games without a win by beating Brentford at Griffin Park to move into the Championship play-off places.
French President Francois Hollande has named Jean-Marc Ayrault as his new foreign minister, the Elysee Palace has said.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" through Manchester city centre in the early hours of the morning was not taking part in a dare, police have said.
The 2017 Winter Olympics and Paralympics are about to start in Sochi, Russia.
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has apologised after being sent off during their pre-season friendly against Le Havre.
A US congressman, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty by a federal jury in Philadelphia of running a bribery and money-laundering scheme in which he used campaign funds to pay off his son's student debt and pay for a car he never sold.
Great Britain are aiming to win at least three Olympic medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games, UK Sport has said, with a target of three golds, two silvers and one bronze.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has set out his latest proposals for a fiscal framework deal with the UK Treasury in a bid to secure a deal on new powers for Scotland.
Dayle Southwell scored a late winner as Wycombe recorded their first League Two win of the season with victory at home to Stevenage.
A teenager who stabbed a 15-year-old boy to death at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years and given a further four years for weapons offences.
Four Northern Ireland rowers have made it through to the semi-finals of the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam after qualifying through the repechage on Saturday.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police in the US over a car crash in which a man died, US media report.
India has the potential to become "one of the leading nations in chess boxing", according to the head of the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO), a sport that was first introduced in the country two years ago, writes the BBC's Shamik Shamik in Calcutta.
A fund-raising campaign to save an array of radio telescopes used to search for evidence of alien life has raised enough money to allow it to re-open, astronomers say.
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union, saying the EU is "going in a direction that Britain can't follow".
A man who was arrested after spending the night on the roof of an Edinburgh church has been fined for his "stupid, idiotic act".
The Labour Party's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to elect his own shadow cabinet, despite a last-ditch attempt by senior figures to reach an agreement.
A police force has become the first in England and Wales to record all hate crimes against women as a hate crime.
A BBC Spotlight survey for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll suggests a majority of people in Northern Ireland would opt to stay in the UK if a poll was held tomorrow.
An Iranian couple rejected by the Australian government for resettlement in Cambodia have returned to their country of origin after being sent from Nauru's detention centre on the Pacific island of Manus Island, the government has said.
A sign outside a cafe has been branded "shocking" and "totally inappropriate" following the murder of schoolgirl April Jones, who was abducted and murdered in 2012.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 10 years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group after he was found guilty of encouraging terrorism.
A four-year-old boy who died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot has been named by police as Jac Davies.
US tech giant Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24bn) by selling bonds in New York to help fund its plan to return more than $100bn to shareholders over the next three years.
An NHS trust that runs five hospitals in Kent has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages in A&E, children's care and at night.
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments by US President-elect Donald Trump that he could end the "One China" policy if he wins the White House.
The director of one of China's first "baby hatches" - where parents are allowed to abandon their sick babies in a bid to save them from the streets - has suspended new admissions, state media report.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and his son who were pulled from the sea after getting into difficulty at a beach where five other men drowned has been opened and adjourned.
So what is the "lock" in the Labour manifesto that Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have put in place to keep the next Labour government fiscally constrained?
The family of a British backpacker who has been missing in Peru for more than a month say they are planning to fly to the country to search for him.
Peru's President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for a "great transformation" that will lift more people out of poverty in his first year in office.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor, Gwynedd, after being found by a member of the public in the early hours of the morning.
A group of bikers have been banned from a pub in South Yorkshire after being told they were not allowed in because they were "bikers", it has been claimed.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley, who are now winless in their last six games.
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 3-1 win over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle, despite playing most of the game with 10 men.
A multi-million pound project to rebuild a shopping centre's car park has been given the go-ahead by a council.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs with production moving to the Republic of Ireland, the company behind the brand has said.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales, the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA), has thanked the former chairman of the panel, Peter McKelvie, for his work on the panel.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to recognise one another formally for the first time.
A report into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother and grandmother's dog has called for "greater curiosity" about family pets by health workers.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named eight new faces in his squad for a two-match friendly tour of Sweden and Norway in January.
Voters in the UK will go to the polls on 23 June to decide whether the country should remain a member of the European Union (EU) or leave, 40 years after the last time the country voted on the issue.
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution, saying it was "unacceptable" and "shameful".
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen hit an unbeaten century for South Africa's Dolphins in their first Twenty20 match of the season as they beat Sydney Knights in the T20 Blast in South Africa.
A legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union could be taken to the European Court of Justice, lawyers for a group of Northern Ireland-based campaigners have said.
Talks are under way to try to resolve the political crisis in Northern Ireland, which has been going on since the end of last year.
French Impressionist painter Claude Monet faced opposition from local farmers over his plans to create a water garden, according to newly-discovered documents that will form part of a new exhibition at the Royal Academy of Arts.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed in an explosion at a fireworks factory has said he is "lucky to be alive" after the blaze at his shop was caused by a faulty lightbulb.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked after being found guilty of gross misconduct.
Two goals from Demarai Gray and a late strike from Islam Slimani helped Leicester City beat Sheffield United in the EFL Cup second round to reach the third round at the expense of League One's Sheffield United.
Hospitals in Wales are not doing enough to save the lives of patients with sepsis, according to new research.
The estranged wife and children of late US comedian Robin Williams have been ordered to meet in court to settle a dispute over the contents of his estate, which has been in dispute since his death last year.
A man has been jailed for three years after admitting a £30,000 benefit fraud in which he registered more than 100 false births.
European Space Agency (ESA) astronaut Luca Parmitano has completed his first spacewalk in space.
A man has been killed after being hit by a car in Maidstone, Kent.
The UK government's decision not to stop arms sales to Saudi Arabia was "rational" and not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England suffered a further blow to their hopes of a series whitewash in India as they were beaten by India A in the second of their two one-day internationals in Mumbai.
Carnival, the world's biggest cruise company, has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter of the year, despite a drop in ticket prices and a fall in the number of passengers.
Cannabis will be sold in pharmacies in Uruguay for the first time in July, the government has announced.
A woman whose friend was killed in a fire at a wood treatment plant that killed four people has been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Bosley for her contribution to the community.
People in Bristol, in the UK, say they don't think vinegar is the best thing to do for their gardens.
Oxfordshire's private sector could be "foolish" not to help the public sector if there are "massive cuts" to public sector spending, a business leader has said.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto, just hours before the show was due to start, police say.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich at the top of the table with their second win in a row.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said the UK will have Europe's "biggest and most profitable" high-speed broadband market by 2016, if the government's plans to improve the network are implemented.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that many low and middle-income countries are still struggling to provide adequate testing facilities for HIV in their laboratories, a study suggests.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says qualifying for Euro 2017 would be the "most special moment" of her career after the disappointment of missing out on the 2010 World Cup in the Netherlands.
Crawley Town have signed former West Bromwich Albion defender James Hurst on a free transfer following his release by the Premier League club.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield to secure a European Champions Cup play-off place.
Jeremy Corbyn has "laid out his position" on the so-called benefit cap, Labour's shadow work and pensions secretary Owen Smith has said.
Bosses have been warned not to allow their staff to be subjected to "Stasi-style surveillance" by reading their private messages on work computers and mobile phones, following a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana by a farmer in what conservationists say was a "needless and heartbreaking" killing.
An extra £1.1bn will be needed to provide the same level of care for older and disabled people this year as last year, a survey of adult social care bosses suggests.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee, understood to be about £1.5m.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m in the January transfer window in order to bring in the players he wants to add to his squad.
Widnes Vikings half-back Joe Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth left-back Jamie MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
Inspectors have found 26 areas for improvement at a Dumfries and Galloway hospital where patients with dementia were not given appropriate care, according to a report.
Southampton assistant manager Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's Premier League match against Bournemouth.
The Central American nation of Belize is a small, mountainous country on the west coast of the Pacific Ocean, with a population of about 324,000.
A mother-of-two has been found not guilty of having sex with a 15-year-old boy after she was accused of sending him pictures of herself on social media.
A cannabis-based treatment for children with epilepsy is to be tested in the UK for the first time in a trial being carried out at Edinburgh University and Great Ormond Street Hospital in London.
Senegalese troops have crossed into The Gambia to try to force President Yahya Jammeh to step down after he refused to accept defeat in last month's election.
It is not often that hundreds of schoolchildren from the same school line up to take part in a free tuition programme at the same university.
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he did not intend to interfere with comments made by a TD in the Dáil (parliament) about the personal finances of one of the country's richest men.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Luke MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Profits at oil and gas explorer BG Group have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year, as the company continues to be hit by the lower oil price.
Tourism bosses in Cumbria have warned of a "worrying trend" in forward bookings after the county was hit by flooding and landslides over the Christmas period.
Fleetwood moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Scunthorpe, who are now winless in five games under new manager Nick Daws.
Emergency teams in Nepal are arriving in the capital, Kathmandu, to help the survivors of the devastating earthquake that struck the country's capital on Sunday.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels after the terror attacks in the Belgian capital are "desperate" to find him and are "fearing the worst" for his safety.
Former champion female jockey Kerry Turner says she hopes her retirement will encourage other female jockeys to follow in her footsteps and take up the sport.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea as part of a restructuring plan that will see the loss of more than 4,000 jobs across the UK.
Human remains found in a river in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as those of an 80-year-old man who went missing while searching for a buried treasure hoard.
A man in his 20s has died following a crash between a car and a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry on Sunday.
It is not every athlete's dream to go from not being able to throw a ball, to winning a Commonwealth Youth Games gold medal, to becoming a British hammer thrower and then going on to become an Olympic medallist.
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row, despite the absence of any major movies to coincide with the Independence Day holiday.
A dog has been rescued from a cliff after getting into difficulty while walking on a beach in Devon.
The sister of a 25-year-old cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in Bethnal Green, south London, has appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Newcastle's bid to host the 2015 Rugby World Cup has been hailed as a "huge success" with an estimated £43m economic impact on the city.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a scrappy goalless draw in front of a sell-out crowd of 15,287 at the Cardiff City Stadium as the Bluebirds' poor start to the season continued.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been rescued after they were found abandoned in a box at an animalarium in Bridgend county, it has been revealed.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone as they beat Mansfield Town at Rodney Parade for the first time in five games.
A man has been jailed for helping to cover up the murder of a father-of-two who was stabbed to death in a Newcastle park.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
The Scottish Football Association is considering the future of its performance school programme for young footballers, according to new chief executive Martin McClair.
A Monet painting of a lily pond, Nympheas, by the French artist Claude Monet, has sold for £31.7m at an auction of impressionist and modern art in London.
Nico Rosberg won the Singapore Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the world title race as Mercedes team-mate and title rival Lewis Hamilton finished second.
Graeme McDowell was full of confidence on Thursday, full of optimism, and full of belief that he would be in the European team for the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine in September.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused US drug giant Pfizer of abusing its dominant position in a cancer drug market by overcharging the NHS more than £50m in the last three years.
The Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has formally submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body, its president Ishaq Malinzi has said.
Audi has announced it is to withdraw from the Le Mans 24-hour endurance race and will compete in the electric racing series Formula E in 2018-19.
A burst water main in Bournemouth has left more than 100 homes without water for the second day in a row.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand in next year's Holyrood elections with a promise to restore tax credits for working families.
Bristol City midfielder Milutin 'Michail' Sredojevic has returned to training for the first time since Saturday's 1-0 win over Wolves and could be involved in Friday's Championship game against QPR at Ashton Gate.
Iraq's election for a new parliament is the first since the 2003 US-led invasion that has seen a major shake-up of the country's political landscape since the fall of Saddam Hussein and the start of the sectarian war that followed in 2003.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for gale force winds across parts of Scotland, with gusts of up to 64mph recorded in the west of the country.
A haul of gold coins believed to date back to the era of the Fatimid Caliphate has been found in the southern Israeli city of Caesarea, officials say.
Former Australian Open finalist Anders Lindahl has been banned from tennis for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing and fined A$1,000 (Â£700,000; $1,200).
The row over the pay of the chief executives of some of the UK's biggest companies has once again reignited the issue of excessive executive pay, with the chief executive of Royal Mail, Alex Salmond, reportedly being paid £1.5m a year.
Vocational training colleges are having to try to achieve in two years what schools failed to deliver in a decade of formal education - and they are doing it by changing the way they teach key GCSEs.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after she was found abandoned in an alleyway in Tallaght, County Dublin.
A Singaporean couple who staged a coffin-themed wedding photo shoot in a waterway park has been praised by social media users for their "out of the box" approach to the traditional photo shoot.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's injury-time equaliser earned Birmingham City a point against Huddersfield Town at the John Smith's Stadium.
Downton Abbey has added another high profile guest star to the cast of its fifth series, with the news that Joanna Johnston is to join the cast as a servant in the next series of the ITV drama.
The fall in oil prices has had a dramatic impact on the economies of many of the world's largest oil producers, but who are the winners and losers?
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined by the club for failing to turn up to training on time for a second time in a week after failing to hear his alarm.
A key part of a machine used to crack the Enigma code during World War Two has been found in a shed in Essex - but one key part is still missing.
Welsh and Indian artists are to work together to create a " hybrid" of their cultures as part of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
The chief executive of one of England's biggest academy chains has been criticised by Ofsted for failing to improve the performance of some of its schools.
Leicester City have signed former France international Mathieu Reveillere on a two-year deal after his release by Napoli, subject to international clearance.
A proposal by Russia's security service to keep public access to the details of property owned by public officials secret could make it harder to tackle money-laundering and corruption, an anti-corruption group has warned.
Nato and Russia have "profound and persistent differences" over the Ukraine conflict, the alliance's top diplomat has said after talks with his Russian counterpart for the first time in more than two years.
The use of jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones in Scottish prisons is to be rolled out within weeks, Justice Secretary Derek MacAskill has said.
The US state of Louisiana has been hit by floods of "epic proportions" that have displaced more than 10,000 people and left at least one person dead, officials say.
The first female chief pilot of an Australian airline has been appointed, in what is believed to be one of the world's first for a major airline.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya in the run-up to the country's presidential election, prompting the BBC to issue a warning to Kenyans.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, in a case that has sparked outrage in the country.
Controversial plans to build a new golf course on protected land in Sutherland have been submitted to the Scottish government for approval.
Google has confirmed it is to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London's King's Cross area, despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Stonehenge's ancient inhabitants built a shelter similar to a "modern bungalow" using a tree stump as a wall, it has been revealed.
A chronology of key events:..
Christian Benteke is set to leave Liverpool and join Crystal Palace on a season-long loan deal, BBC Radio Solent reports.
The family of a 92-year-old woman from the Highlands who moved to Australia two years ago are facing deportation back to the UK after being told by immigration officials that they have not met the rules of her visitor visa.
A County Tyrone shoe shop and a road service depot have been badly damaged by flooding caused by Storm Desmond, the Rivers Agency has said.
A task force set up to try to save the steel industry in Scotland has met for the first time to discuss the future of the Dalzell, Clydebridge and Clydebridge plants.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 28 because of injury.
The mother of a newborn baby girl who was found dead at a bus stop in north Wales is being sought by police.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Premiership will help raise the profile of the top flight, according to Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) chief executive David Doncaster.
The Welsh government's tuition fee grant should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete with their counterparts in England, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon says he will not worry about his future at the club until Saturday's Championship game at home to West Bromwich Albion, which he says will be "very important" for the club's survival.
The Chinese government is using coercive methods to force foreign companies to "behave yourself" in the country, according to the former head of GlaxoSmithKline in China, Ian McGregor.
Wales beat England in the Euro 2016 semi-final at Wembley on Friday night to secure their place in the quarter-finals of the tournament for the first time since 1958.
More than a third (37%) of working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by the charity Shelter.
The number of people using contactless payments to pay for goods and services in the UK has more than doubled in the past year, according to the UK's card industry.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Saturday have said they are "beyond heartbroken" at the loss of their "treasured son, brother, uncle and friend".
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja face the "toughest fighting" as they move out of the centre of the city, the US-led coalition fighting the jihadist group has warned.
Isabelle Linden's first goal for Birmingham City Ladies earned them a 1-1 draw at Reading in their opening Women's Super League One game.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish will not be able to play for the Republic of Ireland for the rest of the season because he has not yet been granted international clearance by Fifa.
UK consumer prices rose in January for the third month in a row, helped by a rise in alcohol and food prices, official figures have shown.
Great Britain's David Davies and Katie Hermitage won two more gold medals on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Bologna, while David Weir claimed a third.
The Scottish government has given a "clear signal" of its commitment to improving the A9 at Berriedale Braes, which has a "very challenging road" with a "hairpin bend and steep hill", the transport minister has said.
Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider bringing in defender Yedlin Yiadom from Middlesbrough until he is told "one way or another" about the player's future.
The Welsh government has been accused of a "cynical way of spending public money" on "useless" poster campaigns to promote the Metro project.
Flanker Sean O'Brien has been named in Ireland's 23-man team to face Scotland in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield after recovering from injury.
The BBC does not get a "fair bang for its buck" for the money it invests in the Midlands, MPs have said in a debate on the future of the corporation.
An object thought to be the most distant object ever detected in our Solar System has been discovered by astronomers in the US.
If you're trying to woo someone with a bouquet of flowers, here's a tip of the trade-off: don't be too flamboyant, and don't make promises you know you can't keep.
England pulled off one of the greatest upsets in the history of rugby union as they stunned world champions New Zealand with a stunning victory in the first Test between the sides.
A group of tech giants has pledged $1bn (Â£700m) to fund research into artificial intelligence (AI) in a bid to develop machines that can "think like humans".
Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in their opening Six Nations match at Murrayfield and move to the top of the Six Nations table with a bonus-point win.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season after six years in charge.
The turnout among young people in the UK's general election has more than doubled in the past two years, according to YouGov, a survey for the BBC suggests.
Sir Neville Marriner, the British conductor and founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, has died at the age of 93.
If you want to know what it feels like to be the bad guy in a bad movie, then the World Championships in Stratford-upon-Avon is a good place to start.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down, in which two people were killed and two others were injured.
A ban on the sale of so-called legal highs in the Republic of Ireland has led to a dramatic fall in the number of shops selling the psychoactive substances, a senior police officer has told the BBC.
Giannelli Imbula would consider a move away from Stoke City if the "right offer came in", according to manager Mark Hughes.
A 70-year-old man has died after his car crashed into a lorry in Kent on Saturday night.
The body of a man has been found in the sea off the coast of Cornwall, eight days after a man went missing while on holiday.
The BBC's Sound of 2016 has named Sengo as the UK's best new artist of 2016, and the young musician behind the award-winning track Love For That is no stranger to the limelight.
The mood at Likud headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief and a mixture of relief at the same time on the night of Israel's general election.
The number of UK workers who spend more than two hours a day commuting to and from work has more than doubled in the past five years, official figures show.
Barra Airport on the Isle of Barra in the Western Isles has celebrated its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle bridge over the River Severn in Cardiff is set to open later this month after months of delays, the city council has said.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing, which killed 22 people and injured 59 others on Monday night.
A deal has been reached to cut London taxpayers' contribution to the Garden Bridge project by more than two thirds, the trust behind the project has said.
Dame Zaha Hadid's water lily sculptures have gone on display at Chatsworth Castle as part of a new exhibition celebrating the house's 150th anniversary.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" attack on the streets of London, the Old Bailey has heard.
2016 was a tough year for the arts in Northern Ireland, with the Arts Council of Northern Ireland's finances in doubt and the loss of a number of high-profile local figures.
This is the statement from Tate director Nicholas Serota, who will be stepping down from the gallery at the end of the month, and it's worth bearing in mind that it's the first statement he's made since he took on the job.
The summer transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 July, with clubs in the Premier League and Scottish Premiership being allowed to sign only domestic players until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has told the BBC's Asia Business Report that he is hopeful that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be reached in the coming days.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the nun who took over from Mother Teresa in India's Kolkata (Calcutta) as the head of the country's largest Catholic charity, has died at the age of 90.
Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Gemma Laws on a one-year deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal the UK government reaches with the European Union.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal to sell itself to a group of existing investors for £1.2bn.
Afghanistan is one of the world's most corrupt countries, according to the World Bank, and the BBC's Naseem Akbar has been finding out what it is like to run a business in the country.
The main railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed to allow work to be carried out to improve safety and reduce the risk of flooding.
A dog with a "unique" feature which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home after an appeal to find him a forever home.
The first letter written by John Lennon is to be sold at auction later this month, it has been revealed.
As David Cameron prepares to meet EU leaders in Brussels this week for talks on the UK's membership of the European Union, there is growing concern in the Conservative Party that the prime minister's campaign to keep the UK in the EU could turn out to be a referendum on the party's very survival.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Scotland are "lucky" to have two "inspirational" midfielders in Scott Brown and Darren Fletcher to captain the side in Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland, according to former Scotland midfielder Danny Wilson.
A rescue boat made by Welsh students for the RNLI in the 1960s has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos where it is being used to help with the rescue of migrants.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas and used water cannon to break up a protest against a curfew imposed after the killing of a black teenager by a police officer.
Brazil is the world's largest producer and exporter of timber, and one of the biggest exporters of timber in the world, but the country's forests are under increasing threat from illegal logging and other forms of destruction.
New South African sides joining the Pro12 will face a "brutal" nine-month schedule in their first season in the competition, according to ex-Edinburgh and Ulster head coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised a Spanish-owned electricity company in a move similar to the nationalisation of Argentina's YPF oil company.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC and Pizza Hut, has reported better-than-expected sales growth in China, as it continues to spin off its struggling China business.
Plans to demolish more than 600 homes on Sheerwater estate in Woking to make way for a £200m regeneration scheme are to be reconsidered, a residents' group has said.
More than 100 workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on board a drilling rig.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have elected their first black council members since a black teenager was shot dead by a white police officer last year, in an election seen as a test of public opinion.
The TUC has called on trade unions to co-ordinate industrial action against the government's "savage and opportunistic attack" on public services, as it opened its annual congress in London.
Kilmarnock's appointment of Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal has been welcomed by his former team-mate who played against him when he was at Sunderland.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins became the first British rider to win a world time trial gold medal for 22 years with victory at the Road World Championships.
The speed of change, development and growth in Asia is staggering, particularly when you compare it to the inability of Washington DC to get anything done at all.
Two Australian men have been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney, police say, the latest in a series of counter-terrorism raids in the city.
An MP has admitted he has "some responsibility" for a council's £10.25m loan to a football club which has never been paid back.
Young people born in the early 1980s have less wealth than their predecessors in the 1970s and 1980s, according to a new report.
A collection of photographs of Star Wars characters has been taken in the Firth of Forth and Clyde in Shetland.
Ray Moore, the chief executive of the Indian Wells tennis tournament, has stepped down from his role after comments he made about women's tennis, saying it is "easier to be a top male athlete than a top female athlete".
Richard Cockerill has left his role as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers after five years in charge of the club.
A court in New York has ordered the trial of Hank Greenberg, the former co-founder of US insurance giant AIG, to begin next week on charges of fraud and money laundering.
Marcus Trescothick hit a double century for Somerset before Nottinghamshire took control on day three of their Division Two match against Somerset at Trent Bridge.
Two directors of a turkey processing company in Newport have been jailed for food hygiene offences after large quantities of unsafe turkey was sold to restaurants.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been honoured for his "incredible bravery" at a police bravery awards ceremony.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" it will be able to come up with a fix for up to 11 million cars affected by the emissions scandal that has rocked the German carmaker.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner for Macclesfield as they came from behind to beat Chester 3-2 at Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing during a one-day international between Sri Lanka and England in October, the country's sports minister has said.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after his record-equalling Masters win, adding: "I've been eating like a pig and haven't run for two weeks."
Sky Sports has confirmed the first Friday night Premier League game of the season will be shown live on television for the first time in 2017-18.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is due to meet the leader of Fianna Fáil in Dublin later to try to reach an agreement on a programme for government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year deal with the club, with the option of a further 12 months at Loftus Road.
A baby albino deer has been born at a zoo in the US state of Oregon in America.
Police are investigating whether a family of 12 from Luton who failed to return home from a holiday in Bangladesh may have gone to Syria, the BBC has learned.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has unveiled plans for a £100m gondola system which would be the first of its kind in Wales.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost an appeal against a High Court ruling that it must hand over documents relating to a claim it failed to properly investigate claims of collusion with loyalist loyalists.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of "choking" when he was asked why he did not do more to stop Russia's alleged interference in last year's presidential election.
A football club has apologised after residents said they were woken up by a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Gunmen have opened fire on the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul, setting fire to one of them and setting the other on fire, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast, six years after an appeal to raise £2m for the machine was launched.
A blogger who sued a council's chief executive for £25,000 has had her case against him dropped due to "insufficient evidence", prosecutors have said.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating a suspected mid-air theft of watches from a passenger on an Emirates flight from Dubai to Hong Kong.
France's presidential candidate has said he will seek to reform the European Union if he wins the election, saying the EU is "no more sustainable" than it was under President Francois Hollande.
A man who was born in the UK to a Jamaican mother and a British father has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation from the country.
A senior banker has been banned from working in the City for life after admitting he avoided paying the full fare on a London-bound train by boarding from a rural station without buying a ticket.
Four former UK foreign secretaries have called on David Cameron to raise the issue of corruption during his visit to Moscow on Sunday.
Hartlepool striker Jake Cassidy scored his first goal of the National League season as they drew 1-1 at Macclesfield in their second game of the season.
Iran will not dismantle its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor until next week, the country's nuclear chief has said, amid reports that the facility has been decommissioned.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die in World War One, has long been one of the most mysterious in British military history, but what happened to him after he was shot down in northern France in 1915 and why is still a mystery?
David Haye says he will "happily pay" a fine if he is found guilty of misconduct by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) for comments he made after his defeat by Tony Bellew in London on Saturday.
The battle to save BHS from the collapse of the High Street department store chain is entering its final stages, with only a handful of bidders left in the race to buy the business.
Thousands of workers in South Africa have gone on strike for the second day in a row in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions at a steel mill in the capital, Pretoria.
A US man who was shot during a struggle with a gunman on a train from Amsterdam to Paris last year has been awarded France's highest military honour, the Legion d'honneur, a year after he was wounded in the struggle.
A Borders town's main road is to be closed to allow work to be carried out on a flood protection scheme to be completed in time for the end of the year.
A £900m deal to create a combined authority for the Solent in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight is "almost certainly dead", council leaders have said.
Middlesbrough have re-signed Marten de Roon from Everton for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, subject to a medical and a work permit.
The railway carriage that carried Winston Churchill's coffin when he died has been restored to its former glory after being taken to a Northumberland museum for the first time in more than 50 years.
A GP practice in south-east London has said it has seen its busiest week on record, with more patients than ever before in the run-up to Christmas.
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after five people suffered injuries when it was incorrectly re-assembled.
Banks in India are marking the fingers of millions of people with indelible ink to stop them from using banned high-denomination bank notes to exchange them.
American football star Jessica Chastain, who won the 1999 Women's World Cup, is to donate her brain to research into the effects of head injuries on athletes.
A woman has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Fairlie, North Lanarkshire, damaging the ground floor of the building and trapping her and her husband in their home.
Hampshire and Worcestershire batsman Phil Hughes has died at the age of 25 after being hit by a ball while playing for Australia.
Souleymane Aluko's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City at home to Nottingham Forest, who missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a draw at the KCOM Stadium.
The search for a cure for type 1 diabetes has taken a major step forward with the discovery that lab-made cells can be used to treat the disease, scientists say.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew has been charged with improper conduct by the Football Association after being involved in an incident with Watford fans during Saturday's 2-2 draw.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club have a squad that can compete at the top end of the Scottish Premiership next season.
Women's Super League One side Chelsea Ladies have signed Sweden goalkeeper Anna Lindahl on a one-year contract extension.
One of the world's best-known images of an Afghan girl, immortalised on the cover of National Geographic magazine, has been arrested in Pakistan, officials say.
In the early days of the industrial revolution it was not unusual for inventors to come up with their ideas in the back of a garage or in the basement of a house.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve travel times on the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council as part of a multi-million pound transport strategy.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has been missing from her home in Greater Manchester for more than a week and her brother who is believed to have been taken out of the country by a man suspected of abducting them.
A seven-year-old girl who was missing for more than 24 hours has been found safe and well, police have said.
The Church of England is " institutionally homophobic and has policies and attitudes towards the LGBT community which are harmful", a gay vicar has said.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is a little rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen defender Jonny Hayes has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Belfast Giants' Elite League title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 4-2 by Nottingham Panthers in the opening game of a double-header at the SSE Arena on Friday night.
At Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, Hassan Hassan is one of the city's best-known lifeguards, and he is not afraid to admit that he and his colleagues have had their work cut out for them by the Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint by Pope Francis.
Critics have praised a new exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate Modern, saying they are "brilliant" and "incredibly influential" on a generation of American painters in the 60s and 70s.
A man accused of killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him has denied killing him, a court has heard.
A Leeds United employee was suspended because of her relationship with the club's head coach, a tribunal has been told.
Elton John has apologised to a stadium steward after he called her "Hitler" during a row over crowd control at a concert.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager, saying he wants to "savor life while he is still relatively young and relatively healthy" after guiding the club to Premier League safety.
The closure of Ceredigion's only residential home for the elderly has been described as "absurd" by two union leaders.
The US space agency's Juno probe has taken some of the most spectacular images of Jupiter ever taken by a spacecraft.
"There is no such thing as a perfect science, but there is a pretty good chance that if you look at the data, you'll come up with some pretty good conclusions."
A Wigan-based biscuit maker has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs, following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A Pembrokeshire firm behind the collapse of a £2.3m motorbike project has published a new update on how its funding was distributed across the project's four areas.
Malaysian police say they believe the Islamic State (IS) group was involved in an attack on a restaurant in which four people were killed last month, after initially saying it was a suicide bombing.
The race to be the next United Nations secretary-general faces a major challenge because of a lack of support for the candidates from Eastern Europe, observers say.
Italian police say they have arrested 13 people suspected of being part of a Kurdish-Kurdish jihadist network in an anti-terrorism operation across Europe.
An RAF serviceman whose war medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he has been inundated with messages of support on social media after they were returned.
British authors Jim Crace and Kevin Barry have been nominated for this year's Irish equivalent of the Man Booker Prize for Fiction for their novels Harvest and City of Bohane, respectively.
The future of a Leicestershire museum has been put in doubt after funding was withdrawn for a project which would have improved its facilities.
Arsenal came from behind to draw with Manchester United as Theo Walcott's late equaliser earned them a draw at Old Trafford and denied the Red Devils a top-four finish in the Premier League.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions in their innings-and-96-run defeat by Bangladesh in the first Test in Chittagong.
Thirty years ago this week, the Zeebrugge ferry disaster off the coast of Belgium took the lives of more than 200 sailors and crew from Belfast to Dover.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland are helping to save the lives of hundreds of bats that have been stranded in their own homes because of the bad weather.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a train at a London Underground station in what police are treating as a hate crime.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, meaning that the UK as a whole will be leaving the EU and Scotland will remain part of the EU.
Three pupils at Dumfries and Galloway High School have been expelled after the discovery of a small amount of cannabis on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to life under Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink with a comfortable victory over Championship newcomers Leeds United at Loftus Road.
Five police officers have appeared in court accused of using the force's helicopter for "inappropriate filming" of women.
Microsoft has unveiled an Xbox SmartGlass device that connects to Windows 8-powered tablets and smartphones as well as the Xbox One console.
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way this weekend, with Celtic, Aberdeen, Hearts and Dundee United among the clubs hoping to build on last season's success.
Passengers at Gatwick Airport were forced to divert to Stansted Airport after a drone was spotted near the runway, the airport has said.
The prominent Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released from prison after serving two-thirds of a two-year sentence for "insulting" the interior ministry, his lawyers say.
Aberdeen's slim hopes of a top-four finish suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by 10-man Rangers at Ibrox in a match that saw both sides reduced to 10 men for much of the second half.
A private company is set to bid for a £1.2bn contract to run cancer services in Staffordshire, the BBC has learned.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in France to commemorate the Jersey soldiers who died during World War One.
Exeter Chiefs fought back from 19-5 down at half-time to earn a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at Sandy Park and move up to second in the Premiership.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into the alleged abuse and neglect of elderly people in care homes in south Wales a decade ago.
Burkina Faso missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations as they were beaten 1-0 by Democratic Republic of Congo in their last-16 tie at the tournament in Gabon.
An Indian writer-activist has been arrested and charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem, the latest in a series of arrests over the issue in the southern state of Kerala.
Two planes have collided at an airport in the US state of Michigan, with the wing of one hitting the tail of the other as it was taxiing to take off for a flight to Dallas.
The number of people looking for work in Scotland rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures, compared with the same period last year.
A university chemistry student has developed "the most environmentally friendly falling snow products in the world", according to a company which specialises in fake snow and ice effects.
The number of patients being cared for at home by mental health trusts in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to new figures.
The mother of a schoolgirl with a rare genetic condition has said it is a "huge weight off her shoulders" that a new drug for her daughter has been approved for use on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell have told the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) that Saturday's Premiership match against Aberdeen will go ahead after the majority of their first team squad recovered from the sickness bug that forced the postponement of their under-20s game against Celtic on Tuesday.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, one of the founding fathers of the Republican Party in the US, has died at the age of 91, her family has said.
A plumbing company has been fined £10,000 after faults in gas pipes were found in more than 1,000 homes in Poole and Reading, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of homes.
The University of Groningen in the Netherlands has a name that means "English-speaking university" - and it is not hard to see why.
The Ulster-Scots language was first officially recognised in Northern Ireland in the 18th Century, when a law was passed by the House of Commons to protect it from the threat of a threat from the Irish language.
A California mother-of-three who was kidnapped last month has been found safe and well, police say, after being rescued by a passing motorist.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to crack down on so-called street performers in Times Square, a popular tourist destination in the US city.
A paralysed man who was forced to stay in a mental health hospital for more than a year after he refused to leave has been given a new home.
Pregnant women in the UK are being put at risk by some private clinics offering tests that can be used to determine the sex of an unborn child, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal after he was released by the Irish Premiership club.
Plans to make walking and cycling part of "everyday life" in Wales have been set out by the Welsh government in a bid to improve the number of people taking up the sport.
If you are going to run for president, and you want to be president, you need to have the support of at least some of the key groups that make up the Republican Party - and there are few better places to do that than in the state of Iowa.
More than 1,000 competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Race, the world's largest mountain bike race, which has been held in the Snowdonia mountains for the past 30 years.
Former Conservative leader Sir Kevin Mitchel has said he may have breached the House of Commons code of conduct after it was claimed he received fees for sponsoring dinners and breakfast on the Parliamentary estate.
Shares in China's Weibo, the country's biggest microblogging site, have soared on their first day of trading in the US, raising more than $300m (Â£200m) in its first day on the stock market.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team have been back in the country for the first time in more than a year.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a bus in Edinburgh.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has threatened to "totally destroy" the US island of Guam with a "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if it were to be hit by a missile from Pyongyang.
A British diver who was due to face trial in Malta over the deaths of two friends has said he is "elated" that charges against him have been dropped after he was arrested on a European Arrest Warrant.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs for the second day in a row.
Ukrainian authorities in Zaporizhya, a city in the east of the country, have begun a campaign to remove communist-era monuments and street names from the streets in a bid to rid the town of its communist past.
Rory McIlroy has made it clear he will not be satisfied if his team-mates win a match against him at this week's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles.
Four men have been charged in connection with an axe-wielding raid on a petrol station in Lancashire in which a woman was allegedly dragged out of her car and threatened with a knife.
Online retail giant Amazon has been accused of trying to avoid paying UK tax on the profits of its UK business by using a technique known as "transfer pricing" to reduce the amount of money it has to pay to the tax authorities in other countries.
Migrants who lose their lives at sea trying to reach Europe are among the hundreds of thousands of people who have been killed in Europe's migrant crisis in the past year.
Justin Gatlin, the American sprinter who was banned twice for using performance-enhancing drugs, is now one of the greatest comeback stories in sport's history, writes BBC Sport's Dan Goodfellow, who says he believes the long-term effects of steroids could last decades in humans.
A Northamptonshire MP who is under investigation over a £10.25m loan to a football club has announced he will not stand for re-election in May's general election.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it has yet to receive any indication from the new owners of the Premier League club about their long-term plans for the club.
A man has been remanded in custody after admitting causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd last year.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has "no doubts" about his side's patriotism after Wales forward Gareth Bale accused his team-mates of lacking it.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he will not give Ed Miliband advice on the party's dispute with the Unite union over candidate selection, saying it would be "wrong" for him to do so.
Theresa May has said she was described as a "bloody difficult woman" by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker before she met him last week to discuss Brexit, and that talks with the EU will be "tough".
Raith Rovers have signed Livingston midfielder Scott Martin on a two-year contract after he turned down a new deal with the Scottish Championship club.
The Circuit of Wales is "well outside the natural agglomeration" of the UK's motor sport industry, according to one of the owners of 17 racing circuits.
Southampton City Council has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs and close two care homes in a bid to save Â£30m over the next three years.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with their first win of the season.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a season-long loan deal from Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion, with a view to a permanent deal.
A man and woman found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named by police as a couple who were stabbed to death in their own home.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England next month after suffering a calf injury.
The family of a schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a convicted murderer have said they are "stunned" by the way the case was handled by the government and police.
Dozens of people have been killed in an attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan by militants from both Taliban and Islamic State groups, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old was stabbed to death in a street in south London.
Rolf Harris, the disgraced Australian entertainer convicted of child sex abuse in the UK, is facing a backlash in his home country, where he has been branded an "embarrassing curiosity" and "an embarrassing curiosity" by the media.
The boss of PSA Group, the owner of Peugeot and Citroen, is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss plans to buy Vauxhall, Downing Street has said.
One of Scotland's biggest salmon producers has reported a loss for the first three months of the year after being hit by "exceptional mortalities" in the North Sea.
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has said he will ask the public spending watchdog to investigate claims about Invest NI's use of a controversial PFI contract.
Scientists in the US say they have identified chemicals from the sweetgrass grass that could be used as a new insect repellent.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend in front of a 16-year-old girl at a concert.
An app which helps people share pictures of litter and report it to their local council may not seem like a threat to anyone, but Google is taking Facebook to court over its use of the word "litter" in its name.
Tests on water supplies in a Cambridgeshire town have found "hormone-like organisms" in the water, Anglian Water has said.
In this week's Tech Tent, we look at the future of virtual reality, the rise of live streaming of video games, and the impact of artificial intelligence on the world of gaming.
England thrashed Pakistan by an innings and 61 runs in the second Test at Lord's to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series with one match to play.
The Japan Society of Northern Ireland is a small but vibrant group of people who live and work in a small house in west Belfast.
David Cameron has said a joint UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons should be based on a Russian plan to remove them from the country, but warned it must not be used to "buy time" for the Syrian government.
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a book about David Cameron's former Oxford University days, has been admitted to hospital after suffering "severe septic shock" following the launch of the book.
The Taliban have captured Sangin, one of the most dangerous districts in Afghanistan's southern Helmand province, in a major setback for the Afghan security forces.
People living near an Essex prison have been told to lock their doors and windows after packages were thrown over the wall in an attempt to smuggle contraband into the jail.
The Church in Wales is to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first women priests to be ordained in the country, with a series of special services at five cathedrals across Wales.
Councillors have been asked to approve the final outline design of the Borders Water and Sewerage Board (BWB) scheme after it emerged that the cost of the project could be more than £10m higher than previously estimated.
Sinn FÃ©in's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said it is now up to the SDLP and Alliance Party to decide whether they will join the new Northern Ireland Executive.
The search for the bodies of two winchmen and the pilot of an Irish coastguard helicopter that crashed in the Republic of Ireland has resumed in the Blackrock area of County Donegal.
Check out this amazing video of the world's largest gathering of people from around the world, the World People's Congress, taking place in China.
The first all-amputee crew to row across the Atlantic Ocean have completed the Talisker Challenge, in what has been described as the "toughest row in the world".
A second 100kW tidal turbine has been installed in Shetland to generate electricity for the first time in the UK.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train believed to be buried in Poland say they have told state authorities of the location of the alleged find, but have not provided proof.
Bradford City midfielder Joe Darby has turned down a new one-year contract with the League One club, while six other players have been offered new deals, BBC Radio Cambridgeshire reports.
In her first interview since becoming the new director of the Tate, Sarah Balshaw has set out her vision for what she wants to achieve at the UK's most famous art gallery.
The CIA director John Brennan's personal email account has been hacked by a hacker, according to documents published by a whistle-blowing website, the first such breach of the agency's network in more than a decade.
I'm watching a team of robots play in the RoboCup - the world's first team of artificial intelligence-powered footballers - and I have to say, they are not very good at it.
A US tourist has been raped by three men in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say, the second such attack of its kind in less than a month.
Former World Cup winner Abby Wambach has been charged with driving under the influence of drugs after police said she first tried cocaine at the age of 25.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine in a sprint finish as defending champion Chris Froome finished second.
Teachers in England earn 22% less than their counterparts in countries such as Greece, Greece and Portugal, according to a report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Families of four Chinese migrant workers killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the UK government's refusal to hold a public inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Kristoffer Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.
Green Day have said they will return to Scotland after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled because of "safety issues" on stage.
Some schools in England are failing to meet the requirement of the school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator for England's schools, in her final report.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points as they came from behind to beat Swansea City at White Hart Lane and maintain their pursuit of leaders Leicester City.
Celtic captain Scott Brown has told his team-mates they need to "get themselves together" and "get back to winning ways" if they are to end the season on a high.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £25m.
What do you do if you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and you don't have a seat at the table?
Russia has begun military exercises in its southern military district, days after pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine tested heavy artillery and rocket systems in the area.
A paramedic has been struck off the health register after posting "derogatory and derogatory" comments about a Stafford Hospital nurse on a social media site.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying dozens of Tunisian and Turkish activists trying to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip in a protest against the blockade, the military says.
Scotland's political parties have been campaigning across the country as the general election campaign enters its final days.
Mesothelioma victims who were exposed to asbestos at work are to be able to claim damages under a new compensation fund, the government has announced.
Bristol City missed the chance to move out of the Championship relegation zone as they were held to a draw by struggling Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park.
League One side MK Dons have signed former Shrewsbury Town and Macclesfield Town striker David Barnett on a one-year deal.
Riek Machar, the former vice-president of South Sudan, has said he will return to the country to fight for his rebel group, saying the government has restarted the country's civil war.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down 0.4% at 6,906.50 points, its lowest level for the year, after a mixed day of trading on Wall Street and in Europe.
A man has died after being restrained by police officers who were called to reports of a man with a knife in Dorset.
The founder of the Dawkins Foundation, Prof Richard Dawkins, has welcomed figures from the 2011 census showing a fall in the number of people who describe themselves as Christians in Wales.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last surviving members of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died at the age of 100.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality, police say, despite the country's ban on same-sex relations being in place for more than a decade.
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with a comfortable victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend to move level on points with Hull FC at the top.
For a club that has been in the Football League for more than a decade, the word "manager" has never been more synonymous with the name of a man who has been at the club for just over six years.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in thousands of Syrian refugees, according to Cosla, the body that represents councils across the country.
Graeme Shinnie scored a stunning late winner as Aberdeen came from behind to beat Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League second qualifying round tie and set up a second leg against the Cypriot side in Larnaca next week.
A Canadian police helicopter has come under fire after its pilots were overheard having an expletive-laden conversation about money and sex.
A teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a row over a perceived slight to a gang member in north-east London.
Defending champion Andy Murray beat Italy's Fabio Fognini in a five-set thriller to reach the fourth round of the Australian Open on Centre Court.
A man arrested in connection with a bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund football team's bus in April was motivated by financial greed, German prosecutors say.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a man who died after he was tackled by police during a chase by officers, as a protest over his death turned violent.
Gillingham have appointed Kevin Pennock as caretaker manager until the end of the season, with Graham Taylor returning to the club as director of football.
Police in India have dropped sedition charges against seven Muslim men who were arrested last week for allegedly shouting anti-India slogans during the World Twenty20 cricket match between India and Pakistan.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing the Islamic State (IS) militant group to smuggle oil into the country in exchange for cash, as the two countries try to repair relations.
The US government has said it will not grant an easement to cross a North Dakota lake to allow the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, despite protests by Native Americans.
An alpaca that was seriously injured in an attack by a dog in a New Forest field has died, its owner has said.
The director general of the Northern Ireland Prison Service has said she is "devastated and beyond shock" at the death of a prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack last month.
A witness at the trial of three men accused of murdering a 23-year-old man in Aberdeen has told a court he saw the victim in a "bad way" when police arrived at the scene.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim boss Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to show he has the "quality" to become the permanent manager of the national team.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has won his appeal against his red card against Celtic in Saturday's Scottish Cup quarter-final defeat.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after using the term "hipsters" to refer to a fire that destroyed a number of businesses in east London.
A convicted killer who was previously jailed for killing a man has admitted attacking another man with an axe and knife at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans to build a new stadium in Sudmeadow, Gloucestershire, to replace the one that was destroyed by floods.
South Wales Police are investigating after members of Britain First visited a Cardiff mosque in a row over "radicalisation" claims made by the group.
A project has been launched to create 3D renderings of artefacts lost in the Mosul Museum in Iraq after it was destroyed in a devastating attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in 2014.
More needs to be done to cut the number of people dying from alcohol-related illnesses in Wales, according to a new report.
The wreck of a ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago is to be excavated for the first time in more than 200 years.
West Ham's move from the Boleyn Ground to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon will have a knock-on effect on the local economy, according to those who work in the area where the club will be based.
Shrien Dewani, the man accused of ordering the murder of his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to face trial, Scotland Yard has said.
Thousands of terminally-ill patients in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland are missing out on vital end-of-life care, according to a new report.
South Africa bowled out England for 138 on the final day of the fourth Test to complete a crushing innings-and-96-run victory and complete a series whitewash in South Africa.
Astronomers using a huge radio telescope in the US have produced some of the most detailed maps yet of the atmosphere of Jupiter.
Argentina's government has proposed toughening up the penalties for attacks on teachers in a bid to improve the image of the profession, by giving them a special protected status in the penal code.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he was dumped in a park in Honolulu, Hawaii, after being robbed at knifepoint during a night out in the US state of Hawaii.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they take on Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, according to former Dons captain Jim Miller.
One of the last known associates of Osama Bin Laden, Abu Jandal al-Bahri, has died in hospital in Yemen, officials say.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted for a second time in a week, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes in the south-eastern region of Los Lagos.
North Carolina Republican Thom Tillis has won the party's nomination for the US Senate race against Democratic incumbent Kay Hagan, in a contest seen as a test of the party establishment's ability to fend off tea party challengers.
Manchester United season tickets were bought by a college's previous management team as part of a multi-million pound "strategy of growth", the BBC has learned.
Cuts of up to 40% to the police budget in north Wales would be a "significant challenge" for the force, its chief constable has warned.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram in which he threatens to kill Russian opposition leader Alexei Kasyanov, who he accuses of trying to blackmail him at the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 4-3 defeat by the Manchester Storm in Saturday night's Elite League game at the SSE Arena in Belfast.
Russia's Novaya Gazeta newspaper says it has received a threat of "retribution" from Muslim clerics in Chechnya after it reported that gay people were being tortured and killed in the republic.
Harrison Ford, who played Han Solo in the latest Star Wars film, has confirmed that he will return to the role of Indiana Jones in the next film in the franchise.
Pace bowler James Anderson became England's all-time leading one-day international wicket-taker as he broke the 200-wicket mark against Australia on Sunday.
Lloyds Banking Group is to close 100 more branches across the UK, bringing the total number of branches it plans to close to 1,100 by the end of the year, the bank has announced.
Pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drugs business for $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn) in a bid to boost its respiratory medicines business.
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction in Conwy county for £1,000.
The FA Cup is one of the world's most prestigious cup competitions, and this year's extra preliminary round will see non-league teams compete for the chance to reach the first round of the competition for the first time.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Robert Shatter, has been at the centre of a series of high-profile controversies over the past five years.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Aarons has left the League One club to return to his native DR Congo on a season-long loan with TP Mazembe in the Democratic Republic of Congo, reports BBC Radio Northampton.
An anti-bullying charity has called for a gym's advert to be removed after it was branded "in poor taste" and "offensive" by a passer-by.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in the fight against breast cancer by discovering that the disease can be prevented by blocking the spread of tumours in the bone.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg after the Football Association found there was "insufficient evidence" to charge him over the incident.
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final as they were held to a draw by Barcelona in the second leg of their semi-final second leg at Mestalla.
It's one of China's best-loved stories, but a new TV series based on it is causing a stir in the country, with critics saying it's a "whitewashing" and "insulting" of the country's history.
Two previously unseen cels from one of Walt Disney's most famous films have sold for more than £20,000 at auction.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant by posting a picture of himself on Facebook with the caption: "Can you use a better photo?"
Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn says he is "beginning discussions" with Wladimir Klitschko over a potential world heavyweight title fight, regardless of how many belts are on the line.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car which failed to stop and hit her as she crossed a road outside a Bedfordshire school, a court has heard.
Amnesty International (AI) has called for "urgent action" from Qatar to prevent the 2022 World Cup in the country being "built on forced labour and exploitation", in a report on the country's human rights record.
Google Street View has captured 360-degree images of some of Scotland's most famous canals using a camera backpack.
Laptops made by Lenovo have been found to contain hidden adware designed to help users find the cheapest versions of products on the web, the BBC has learned.
Taylor Swift has won album of the year at the Grammys for her album Taylor Swift: The Album for the second year in a row for 1989.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in more than a decade in 2016, according to official figures, as the country's economy continued to benefit from a rise in exports and government spending.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being stabbed in the chest in an incident in County Antrim.
Police in Milan have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of armed robberies in the Italian capital in the style of the 1970s film A Clockwork Orange, in which a group of teenagers beat and robbed young men and women.
The pilot of a Turkish military jet has been killed in a crash near the border with Syria, local media report, hours after the plane lost contact with the military.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the presidential election result in the Supreme Court, despite international calls for him to accept the result.
Rachel Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales women beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to record their first win of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifying campaign.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing full-frontal nudity in its latest issue, the first time the magazine has done so in more than 40 years.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a thrilling points victory over Matt Macklin in Berlin, ending the Irishman's 11-year wait for a world title fight.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, one of India's most popular and controversial politicians, has died at the age of 69 after a long illness, her family has confirmed.
Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner has warned of a "devastating impact" on standards of policing after the force's chief constable warned of further cuts of up to Â£24.8m over the next three years.
Critically endangered species such as the yellow crested cockatoo can become self-sustaining as a separate population outside of their natural range, a study suggests.
Libya's defence minister has said he will stay in his post despite resigning in protest at a new law banning former officials from holding public office.
Venezuela's acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep the room where he was born in the home of late President Hugo Chavez as a museum ahead of Sunday's presidential elections.
EastEnders fans are getting ready for the big reveal of who killed Lucy Beale in the latest episode of the BBC One soap.
Chesterfield midfielder Mathieu Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Leicester City are close to agreeing a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain, BBC Radio Leicester reports.
Stem cells from the liver could be used to regenerate diseased livers, according to researchers in Edinburgh.
Ofcom could be able to fine mobile networks up to £20,000 a day if they fail to hit agreed service goals and porn sites that fail to check their users are over 18, under a new law being proposed by the government.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre.
The 60th anniversary of the opening of a Nazi concentration camp in Mauthausen, Germany, is being marked this week with a ceremony honouring the thousands of Spaniards who were deported from the country during the Spanish Civil War in the early 1940s.
A Kent council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to pay out more than £5m in compensation following the deaths of dozens of sheep in 2012.
Scottish League One leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points with victory over Queen's Park.
An 88-year-old musician has been reunited with his old bandmates after a 25-year gap, after he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Modern humans began interbreeding with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought, according to a new analysis of DNA from a 45,000-year-old fossil.
Leading Syrian opposition figures have met for the first time since the start of the anti-government uprising in March to discuss the future of the country.
Spanish police have used baton charges to disperse Leicester City fans who clashed with officers in a central square in Madrid after Tuesday night's Champions League win over Sevilla.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming the system" by putting too many pupils in for early entry to GCSEs, the education minister has said.
Two 15-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in Wisconsin in a bid to please the fictional horror character Slender Man have pleaded not guilty to attempted murder.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in north-eastern Nigeria more than two years ago has been found safe and well, the Nigerian army has said.
A man has died following an incident at a house in south-east London in the early hours of the morning.
Toshiba's US nuclear business, Westinghouse, has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, the company has announced.
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential soul and funk groups of the 1970s, and one of America's best-loved and most influential groups of all time.
The Great British Bake Off has come to an end - and it's time to look back at some of the best and worst moments from the last series of the show.
The new series of Geordie Shore is back and Nathan and Chloe have revealed they were both apprehensive about going into the show.
Trams are set to return to Birmingham for the first time in more than 60 years as part of a project to create a network that will rival the best in the West Midlands, the transport authority has said.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the Formula 1 world title despite being well outside the title race at the moment, according to their team principal.
It's been more than a year since the devastating earthquake that hit Nepal in South East Asia.
Celtic midfielder Ahmed Feruz has absconded from a court in Glasgow where he was due to stand trial on charges of driving under the influence of alcohol.
The coma of a US student held in North Korea for more than a year was probably caused by a respiratory arrest, his doctors have said, contradicting North Korea's account of what caused his illness.
Alastair Cook made his first century in more than two years as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis in their final warm-up game before the first Test against West Indies.
Welshman Liam Evans retained his IBF lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over England's David Ormond in Cardiff on Saturday night.
A group of Welsh language campaigners have staged a protest outside the Welsh government's headquarters in Llandudno, Denbighshire, calling for more funding for the language.
The head of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), Mark Thompson, has told MPs he would review the tax affairs of footballers and their agents if he was in charge of the agency.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Aneurin Gurney says he is "excited" about the future at Trent Bridge despite the club's relegation from Division One of the County Championship.
The constituency of Mebyon Kernow in Cornwall will not be fielding any candidates in the general election on 8 June, it has been announced.
Two women have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a house fire in Bournemouth, which police believe was started deliberately.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have gathered for the funeral of Keighley Cougars player Adam Jones, who died after collapsing on the pitch during a match last month.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people in the wake of a wave of protests against his labour market reforms, which have seen thousands of people take to the streets of Paris and other cities.
Tributes have been paid to British MP Jo Cox, who has been killed in an assassination attempt at her constituency office in the early hours of Friday morning.
More than £100m is to be spent on renting out council homes in Wales over the next three years, the Welsh government has announced.
Chelsea suffered a second successive Champions League defeat for the first time this season as they were held to a draw by Porto in their second Group F game in the group stage.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship at this year's Bafta TV awards in recognition of his "outstanding contribution" to the medium.
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to reintroduce a cull of badgers in England 10 years ago, according to newly-released letters sent to the Labour leader.
A man in his 20s has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M1 in County Armagh.
Norway's Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russia's Sergey Karjakin in what was billed as the "match of the century" at the World Chess Championship.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who resigned from the House of Lords in protest at Nick Clegg's decision to stand down as deputy leader has given thousands of pounds to election campaigns across the country.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after his car was involved in a collision with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two orphaned baby otters are being cared for by a team of vets at the University of Bristol in the Republic of Ireland after being born with severe brain defects.
A deal by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) to buy timber from a sawmill operator in a bid to halt the spread of a disease may have breached EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
Alexandra Palace, the former home of the BBC, is to be turned into a permanent home for the corporation's TV studios and a theatre, under a £26.7m scheme.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright has played down speculation linking him with a move away from McDiarmid Park, saying he is "happy" at the club and is not worried about his future.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being a "disgrace to women" and said she would be in jail if he became president if he won.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated" by the referee's decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in the 3-3 draw at Ibrox.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from Loch Melfort and other areas of Argyll and Bute after high levels of bacteria were found.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a one-year deal after his release by the Cumbrian club.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's five-year Football Association ban for betting on matches has been extended by one year after he lost an appeal against the length of his ban.
A son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for killing his father by reason of loss of control after admitting manslaughter at the Old Bailey.
A video about a Chinese man's decision to set up a retirement home for retired police dogs has been viewed more than 14 million times on social media in less than a week.
The husband of a mother who died after giving birth to a baby boy at a hospital where a baby died of an infection has told a misconduct hearing there is "no evidence" two midwives knew she was unwell.
The waters around Wales are "absolutely perfect" for leatherback turtles after a "sudden increase" in the number of the reptiles being spotted off the coast of the UK, a marine expert has said.
An American Airlines plane carrying 161 people was forced to make an emergency landing at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after an engine failure, the Chicago Fire Department says.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered his finance minister to set up a team to prepare a plan of defence in the event of a national emergency, according to the AP news agency.
Hundreds of London Underground ticket offices are set to close as part of plans to cut the number of staff on the capital's Tube network from 1,200 to 897 by 2016.
A man has been charged in connection with a racially-aggravated attack on a woman outside a supermarket in Buckinghamshire.
Germany's Thomas Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the third time in four years after taking a one-point lead into Sunday's showjumping finale.
The rise of Islamic State, the rise of Donald Trump, the war in Syria, and the death of a British taxi driver by Islamic State militants in the Middle East.
A former Vatican secretary of state has given €200,000 (Â£150,000; $250,000) to a children's hospital in Rome after a scandal over his alleged misuse of public funds to renovate his private residence, the head of the foundation has said.
The Peanuts gang - Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy - are back on the big screen again.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that the trial of two high school football players accused of raping a teenage girl will be held in public.
Nigerians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, with Muhammadu Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Goodluck Jonathan of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) the two main contenders.
Essex are aiming to become only the second team to win the County Championship title in their first year back in Division One after promotion from Division Two, according to director of cricket Craig Silverwood.
As the dust settles on the EU referendum campaign, there will be a sense of relief and relief that Britain has come out on the right side of the debate, but there will also be frustration and disillusionment.
A corn snake has been found in the back of an RSPCA van in Bridgend county.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a 1-1 draw at home to Exeter City, thanks to a second-half equaliser from Joe John-Lewis.
Exeter made it seven wins in a row as they thrashed 10-man Crewe to move into the League Two play-off places with a thumping win at St James' Park.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda, who won an Oscar for his 1981 film Man of Iron, has died at the age of 88.
An advert for the Independent newspaper may have been infected with malware in an attempt to trick readers into paying a ransom, according to security experts.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's long jump with a season's best leap of 14.98m in Rio to become the first woman to win the event at the Games.
An ancient weir discovered on the south coast of England was built more than 1,000 years earlier than previously thought, tests have revealed.
"If you want to know how to be a great power, just ask the United States," is a well-known aphorism that can be used by any great power to describe its enemies.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences after he was arrested at his home in south-east London.
A gold pendant found in the grave of an Anglo-Saxon woman in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner and is to be sold by a metal detectorist.
An NHS trust which provides mental health services in Lancashire has been rated "outstanding" after being told it needed to make "significant improvements".
West Brom manager Tony Pulis has no new injury worries for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final second leg against Arsenal, with Jonny Evans back in training after missing the defeat at Everton with a hamstring injury.
England began their autumn international campaign with an emphatic victory over South Africa at Twickenham to record a third successive win over the Springboks under new head coach Eddie Jones.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find a job for his 80-year-old father, after he said he could not get a job cleaning floors at Aldi.
Highland Council is being urged to do more to help asbestos sufferers who have been exposed to the toxic material while working in the local authority's care homes.
Liverpool's mayor has set out plans to cut £90m from the city council's budget in a bid to save money over the next three years, including £4.1m in children's services and £1.6m in adult social care.
Liverpool fans are to be asked to vote on whether they are in favour of safe standing at the club's Anfield stadium in a bid to build a "common ground" on the issue.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer while she was on duty at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Tommy Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster came from behind to beat Colchester at the Keepmoat Stadium and move into the League Two play-off places.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time since 1983 after winning their quarter-final matches in straight sets on Wednesday.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to form an alliance with a former prime minister to fight the far-right candidate in next month's election, after a financial scandal hit his main rival.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji film, which is to be released in cinemas next year.
Great Britain's Hannah Toulson has won gold in the women's synchronised 10m platform at the European Aquatics Championships ahead of the World Championships.
A County Antrim man who admitted downloading and viewing child pornography has been spared a prison sentence.
An exhibition to mark the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One has opened at a Powis castle in Powis, Powis county.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie of himself in a bid to help track him down after he failed to appear in court.
A man who attacked two police officers with a machete in Belgium, leaving one of them with serious facial injuries, has been named by prosecutors as a 24-year-old Algerian man.
UBS has been formally placed under official investigation in France over allegations that it helped clients evade tax by opening undeclared bank accounts in the country but opening them in Switzerland, officials say.
The cost of renting a home in London is " unaffordable" in more than half of the capital's boroughs, according to a report by the homeless charity Shelter.
The number of vacant posts for children's social workers in England has risen by more than 1,800 in the past year, official figures show.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp slowdown in sales growth for the first quarter of the year, but its shares have risen after the company said it remained "confident" of winning market share.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has said it will no longer seek full patent protection for its drugs in the world's poorest countries.
A Northern Ireland health trust has agreed to pay £5.3m in damages to the parents of a baby girl who suffered severe health problems after she was delivered by Caesarean section at a County Antrim hospital.
It's one of the most talked-about shows of the last few years - and now it's about to get even more popular.
A "northern powerhouse" of underachievement in England's secondary schools needs to be tackled, says Ofsted, as it highlights a north-south divide in GCSE results and concerns about a "worrying gap" between London and the South.
The chairman of the Electoral Reform Commission has said he is "very worried" about the findings of a review into the handling of postal votes at polling stations.
Oscar-nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be part of the Oscars awards season, saying it is the "stupidest thing in the whole world".
A man has admitted killing a man by punching him in the head during a brawl in Edinburgh city centre after a row at a pub.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side need to "get the winning feeling back" if they are to end the season on a better note in the Premier League.
Great Britain won their first ever men's 4x200m freestyle relay gold at the World Championships with a thrilling victory over the United States in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic has been sacked after a dashboard camera recorded him driving a car at 57mph in a 30 mph zone while it was being serviced, the BBC has learned.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a security compound in China's restive Xinjiang region, state media report, saying they were Uighurs from the region's Uighur ethnic minority.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and UK over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates.
The world premiere of the new animated film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles, USA.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor Barack Obama is behind a wave of protests against him at Republican town hall meetings and leaks from the White House, in an interview with a US TV network.
More than half of staff at Queen's University in Belfast are unhappy with the way senior leaders at the university manage change, according to a new survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to steal £50,000 from a cash machine at a supermarket in Manchester by posing as a bank manager.
Prisoners in England and Wales are not getting the mental health support they need because of a "toxic" working environment and a failure to recognise their distress, two charities have said.
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams says Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with Ospreys will benefit the region and the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) in the long-term.
London is celebrating its annual Christmas celebrations this year, with many of the capital's streets and markets marking the festive season with festive lights, decorations, music, food and of course, the famous Christmas tree.
The Killers' Brandon Flowers, the frontman of US rock band The Killers, talks to the BBC about his new solo album, The Desired Effect, and why he's "not ashamed" of being a pop star.
A teenager who died of leukaemia after being diagnosed with the disease at the age of 16 has married his fiancee in a hospital chapel.
A leading Australian politician is calling for a four-day working week in a bid to cut costs and reduce the number of people working too many hours, in a proposal that has sparked debate in the country.
British swimmer Jack Burnell has described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 100m backstroke as "outrageous" after he was disqualified two metres from the finish at Rio 2016.
Glamorgan director of cricket Ashley Rudolph has urged the club's senior players to "stand up" after a third successive County Championship defeat.
Ford has reported better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of the year, helped by strong sales of trucks and SUVs in North America and a strong performance in Europe.
A man accused of murdering a police officer and dismembered his body has told a court he had "no intention of causing him harm" when he met him for a "casual sexual encounter".
Mark Haigh has resigned as managing director of Leeds United following the takeover of the club by Massimo Cellino's GFH group.
A Kent council is considering raising council tax by more than £500,000 after being left short of £580,000 in government funding for the next financial year, the authority has said.
Spain's Socialist leader has lost a vote of confidence in the lower house of parliament after his bid to form a new government was rejected by a majority of deputies.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for the experience of their heavy defeat by New Zealand, but admits his side must improve at the breakdown and counter-attacking if they are to beat the All Blacks again.
Two ambulance crew have been uninjured after their vehicle was involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire, police have said.
Poland's Football Minister Mateusz Pohorecki says his country will pass on lessons learned from Euro 2012 to host the next European Championship to Uefa when it hosts the tournament in France in 2020.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has unveiled a portrait of himself at the National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh on the same day he was absent from Westminster to debate the UK's stance on Syria.
A new report has set out the case for extending the Borders Railway to the Cumbrian border in a bid to boost the region's economic and social regeneration.
Campaigners have welcomed news that a feasibility study is to be carried out into the possibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
Older people are increasingly turning to technology to help them cope with the challenges of ageing - and a growing number of firms are trying to make it easier for them to get on with their lives.
A ferry which crashed into a pier on the Isle of Man's King Edward Pier in high winds will return to service later, its operator has said.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a sequel to his film This is England '86, the Channel 4 drama about the 1980s skinhead riots, it has been announced.
Former chief secretary to the Treasury Jack Straw has defended his role in a review of the Freedom of Information Act, saying he is "open-minded" on the issue.
Ricky Burns suffered his first defeat as a professional as Namibia's Julius Indongo won a unanimous points decision at the Hydro in Glasgow to claim the WBO world super-bantamweight title.
A group of Syrian refugees living in Northern Ireland are using their skills as stonemasons to help restore the beauty of the Mourne mountains in County Down, where they have found refuge after fleeing conflict in their home countries.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a fire at a flat in Fraserburgh in 2014.
A man thought to be one of two men wanted in connection with an attempted abduction at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has failed in its latest attempt to launch a mid-range missile, South Korean officials say, as the country continues to step up its nuclear and missile tests.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have called on the Scottish government to provide "sufficient transparency" to ensure public confidence in the operation of its new financial powers.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched what it says will be the world's first "super-fast, round-the-clock" Earth observation and data relay network.
Hull FC continued their impressive start to the Super League season with a thumping victory over Catalans Dragons at the Stade Gilbert Brutus.
The next round of consultation on plans to build more than 100,000 homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester will not take place until next year, the BBC has learned.
Thousands of British soldiers have complained that their new body armour and load-carrying systems are too heavy and they are unable to squeeze all their equipment into their new Bergen rucksacks, the BBC has learned.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Stoke City striker Joe Gordon on loan for the rest of the season after he impressed for non-league Staffordshire side Grimsby Town.
A troupe of children's entertainers who were attacked by a group of youths who claimed they were not real elves may not return to the same venue next year, their manager has said.
A march calling for an independent inquiry into alleged miscarriages of justice in Northern Ireland's Troubles-era inquests has been moved from Londonderry to Coleraine.
Former Chelsea and Southampton defender Paul Le Saux says football needs to "face its demons" and give openly gay players the chance to succeed in the game.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age settlement in Dorset, believed to be one of the largest open settlements in Britain, during a dig in the Dorset countryside.
People who are deaf or hard of hearing in Wales are "desperate" for help to find work because of a lack of specialist employment advice, a charity has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is "happy" with his current squad, but is prepared to listen to offers for some of the players he has left at Old Trafford this season.
The SNP could raise up to £1.2bn a year in additional tax revenue if it wins May's Holyrood election, according to a think-tank analysis of the parties' tax plans.
Japanese camera firm Olympus has pleaded guilty in a Tokyo court to falsifying its accounts, with its former chief executive Kazuyoshi Kikukawa facing up to five years in prison.
The verdict in the retrial of three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has been delayed for a second time, a court in the Egyptian capital Cairo has said.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in a "cowardly" and "brutal" attack in east London has been named by police.
Saracens' George Kruis has been included in England's training squad for the first time since being cited by the Rugby Football Union for an alleged kick in Saturday's win over Fiji.
An outbreak of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso has killed at least 20 people and infected more than 1,000 others, the World Health Organization says, with the number of confirmed cases rising to more than 2,000.
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a boost after a lottery grant of more than £9,000 was awarded to the project.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greek midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis on a two-year deal after he impressed on trial at the Championship club.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in an air strike by the US-led coalition against so-called Islamic State (IS) in eastern Syria, a monitoring group and a local media outlet say.
A Londonderry teacher with learning disabilities is one of five recipients of BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award for her work with young people with learning difficulties.
A hospital which is "desperate" to recruit new nurses to cope with a shortage of staff has launched a "major" recruitment campaign.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car attack by a Palestinian driver in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Conor McGregor says he will knock out Floyd Mayweather "in four rounds" in their super-fight on 26 August and says the American will "wave the white flag" if he is knocked out.
Most tax accountants would advise a wealthy family on "gifts" - payments of money to their children and how to ensure they are not liable for inheritance tax by making payments in tranches to avoid breaching tax thresholds.
Hundreds of people have turned on a church's floodlights for the first time in more than two years after they were stolen during a burglary.
Seven Iranians have been charged in the US with hacking into US water and energy companies and stealing data, US officials have said.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage winger Liam Roberts on a season-long loan from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion.
Swansea University is to spend £2.5m on a major refurbishment of one of its most famous buildings.
More than 90% of employers in England and Wales have now enrolled their workers into a pension scheme, figures from the Pensions Regulator show.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for starting a fire that destroyed a former seaside resort in Devon and caused £1.5m worth of damage.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town midfielder Joe Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazil's President, Dilma Rousseff, has said the country is ready to host the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, just 399 days before the opening ceremony.
The Pakistani government has condemned a US drone strike in north-west Pakistan that killed at least 11 people, including at least seven civilians, in what officials say was an air strike by the CIA.
A new memorial has been unveiled in Thurso, Aberdeenshire, to honour one of Scotland's best-known police officers, who was involved in some of the country's most notorious crimes of the Victorian age.
Two nurses who falsified patient records and falsified blood glucose levels on a stroke ward have been jailed for a total of eight months.
A judge in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais has lifted a temporary ban on the construction of a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon region.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of little terns nesting at a site near Sea Palling in Norfolk, where the birds have been found for the first time in two years.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales, in what is believed to be the first such birth in the UK since the animals were reintroduced to the country two years ago.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has arrived back in the UK.
The Pensions Regulator is launching a campaign to get more people to sign up to a workplace pension plan, with the help of a pet dog.
A man accused of murdering his partner told police he thought about jumping off a cliff after her body was found in a cesspit, a court has heard.
A performance of a Donizetti opera at the Royal Opera House in London was interrupted when a fire alarm went off in the middle of the show, forcing the audience to evacuate the theatre.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died while working at a motorbike race in the Republic of Ireland.
He said that a rugby player has many ways to score a try but the route he so often chose was the shortest route: "Straight over a fella."
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their home wi-fi is running at the speed they want it to.
Graeme McDowell's hopes of winning his first European Tour title were ended as he carded a three-over-par final round of 71 at the Swedish Open in Sweden.
Surgeons are trialling a 3D printing technique which could one day allow people to reconstruct lost body parts such as the nose or the ear using human cells.
The tiny Pacific territory of Palau is made up of more than 20 islands and islets in the South China Sea, with a population of about 20,000 people and an estimated 1,000,000 tourists a year.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a 1-1 draw by AC Milan at the Stadio Olimpico.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added the writers of The Gap Band's hit Uptown Funk to the list of songwriters for their hit single, following the Blurred Lines court case, according to US media reports.
China's President Xi Jinping has called for "more understanding and trust" between his country and the US, saying it would be a "disaster" for both countries and the world at large if they enter into "conflict and confrontation".
An MP has been accused of being a hypocrite for opening a shop selling Coca-Cola drinks in his constituency, after the company opened a shop in the city where he was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
A police unit which failed to investigate a father who killed his children after he stabbed them to death "failing to believe" a rape allegation against him was "wholly inappropriate", a report has found.
The wife of a British man found dead in Myanmar (Burma) has said he was stabbed to death while out on a night out with friends, the BBC has learned.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the six months of fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip, according to the United Nations.
Great Britain's performance at the London 2012 Olympics has been widely hailed as one of the most successful in the country's history, but the success of each of the nation's sporting teams has been overshadowed by the failure to meet their medal targets.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Northern Ireland is to be delayed until 2017, the health board has announced.
A man has died and another is in a critical condition after being stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
If you like the sound of that, then you're in luck - the general election campaign is already under way and you can now get your hands on a copy of the party manifestos and start knocking on doors.
Welsh Water has launched a new tariff aimed at helping people who struggle to pay their water bills to save up to £1,000 a year.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is expected to name Steven Caulker in his starting line-up for Saturday's Premier League game at West Bromwich Albion, reports BBC Radio Birmingham.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a short-term deal ahead of the 2016-17 season.
The Archbishop of Londonderry, Eamon Martin, has said the Catholic Church should apologise to the families of unwed mothers who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
A man accused of being part of the Hatton Garden jewellery heist offered to hand over a smaller stash of gold and gems to police so he could keep access to a larger stash, a court has heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song in a bid to highlight the problem of fat blocking London's sewers, which they say are at their worst at Christmas.
Steam, the online gaming service run by Valve, is to change the way games are published on the service in a bid to make it easier for developers to get their titles on to the service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the United States and Britain, state media say.
Former celebrity publicist Michael Clifford told police he "gyrated around" when asked about an allegation that he indecently assaulted a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of India, in what is thought to be the first such discovery in the country since independence in 1947.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults and insults as they continued their preparations for their super-fight in Las Vegas next month.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his South Lanarkshire home in the early hours of the morning.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's four-man bobsleigh squad for the World Championships in Lillehammer, Norway in February.
Two men who died in a paint-spraying booth explosion at a factory bought from an RAF airbase died as a result of smoke inhalation, an inquest has heard.
The Cotswolds home of author John Fowles is to be opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years after being restored to its former glory.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score on his debut for Liverpool as the Reds reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time since Michael Owen in 2003 with victory over Leeds at Anfield.
West Ham have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to make public details of the rental deal they have with the taxpayer for the London 2012 Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has said the scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief" and urged people not to repeat the "horrific horrors" of the past.
Schools in England will get more money from the government under plans to overhaul the way they are funded, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, didn't want to raise as much money as he could in the Budget by cutting VAT or increasing the top rate of income tax, as he had promised during the election campaign.
When I first started working with Henry Blofeld on Test Match Special (TMS) in the early 1990s, I was taken aback by the number of people who would come up to me in the back of the commentary box and ask me what I thought of him.
Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad, despite playing most of the game with 10 men.
Pakistan's first law recognising Hindu marriages has come into effect in the country's southern Sindh province, in a move that rights activists say is a step in the right direction.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Toulon for the 2017-18 season.
More than 3,000 people have been told to leave their homes in two villages near a volcano in Guatemala that has been spewing ash and lava for more than 24 hours, officials say.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that can tell you how fast your body is ageing.
A woman from Gwynedd has said her mobile phone "probably saved her life" when it was hit by a piece of metal during the Manchester terror attack.
Russia says it was "miscalculated" when its warplanes bombed a building in the Syrian town of al-Bab, killing six Turkish soldiers, in an air strike on Thursday, but Turkey says the incident was an accident.
A plan to reorganise the NHS in Merseyside and Cheshire has been described as "unprecedented" by a council leader.
Two fishing boats have been rescued from the sea after running aground in Dartmoor harbour, with the loss of five lives.
The body of a woman has been found at the scene of a fire at a house in Durness in the early hours of the morning.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train for more than four hours had to get off and walk on to the track after being told they had trespassed, it has emerged.
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a multi-million pound plot to smuggle guns and drugs into the UK through the Eurotunnel.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man after accusing him of being a witch and carrying out an exorcism in a London church.
They may not think they have any data worth stealing but even the smallest company can be a target for cyber-criminals.
Hoover's pension scheme could be merged with the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) if the retailer BHS is taken over, BBC Wales understands.
A man in his 20s has died following an incident in Dublin city centre in the Republic of Ireland in the early hours of Sunday morning.
A woman has died and another has been seriously injured after two cars were involved in a head-on crash in East Lothian.
In her speech to the European Parliament last week, Theresa May said: "We want to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland after we leave the European Union, but we do not want it to be an impassive, hard border."
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the High Court ruling on the triggering of Brexit should not be used as an excuse to try to block the UK's exit from the EU.
A 3D-printed version of human cartilage has been developed by scientists at the University of North Carolina in the US, and could be used to replace damaged parts of the body such as knees, ankles and knees, they say.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a businessman who hopes to turn it into a community venue after it was put back on the market following a failed auction.
"There was a Monday morning in 1986," says John Haynes, "when I got to work and there was no-one on the floor."
League Two side Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder Sam Bobson on a one-year deal following his release by Premier League side Liverpool.
The University Boat Race has returned to Newcastle for the first time in more than a decade after a five-year absence.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov has entered the English Channel as part of a large Russian naval taskforce heading to the eastern Mediterranean, the Ministry of Defence has said.
All photographs courtesy of Dronestagram and National Geographic France.
West Ham United have signed Fenerbahce striker Nwankwo Emenike on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal an ATM before stealing cash from the cash machine in a ram-raid in the early hours of the morning.
England and Wales will meet in the last 16 of the World Snooker Championship for the second time in three years when the tournament gets under way on Friday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl" who was "my best friend, my soulmate and my rock".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title since the Open de France at Royal Troon with a one-shot victory at the Dubai Desert Classic.
French prosecutors say they have found human remains at the site of the Germanwings flight 4U9525 crash in the French Alps, where 150 people died on 15 March.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of an American pastor who was taking part in a radio show in the capital, Pretoria, for allegedly making anti-gay remarks.
Wales full-back Liam Williams will miss Scarlets' Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday as he continues his recovery from injury, but there will be no change to his contract with the region.
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell's new club, non-league Maidenhead United, are a far cry from the football club he played for at the height of his career, but that has not stopped the striker from rediscovering his love for the game.
Plans to merge cross-border railway policing into Police Scotland have been backed by MSPs at Holyrood, despite opposition from unions and senior police officers.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has given the go-ahead for the Stormont Executive to borrow up to £100m to pay off thousands of civil servants due to be laid off.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal after a successful loan spell at the club last season.
When Maria Sharapova beat Serena Williams in the final of the Australian Open on Sunday, she revealed that she did not know who some of the world's most famous sportsmen were watching her on the court.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a children's home in the 1980s and 1990s.
The National Assembly for Wales should be given the power to call itself the "Welsh Parliament", AMs are to be told.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said he was "emotional" as he watched David Cameron's final cabinet meeting before Theresa May takes over as prime minister.
Plans for a £100m creative hub in Carmarthenshire will not be given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government because of a lack of funding, it has been claimed.
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are studying a new breed of honey bee to see if it is more resistant to a disease that has killed millions of bees around the world.
An offer to settle a long-running dispute over plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley will be considered by the council's cabinet next week.
French police have arrested three more people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West, who was held at gunpoint by a gang of masked men last year.
It is funny the things you remember when you look back on things, and one of them was a long queue in a bookshop in Scotland, a long line of people waiting to meet one of the greatest sportsmen in the history of the world.
Former Leeds Rhinos, Wakefield Trinity and Wasps hooker Jamie Smith was one of the biggest names in the history of rugby league when he left the game at the end of the 2008 season to move to rugby union.
A judge in Lebanon has said he will not drop charges against an Australian woman accused of kidnapping her six-year-old and four-year old children in a so-called "recovery operation" that was filmed by an Australian TV programme.
A team of researchers at Cardiff University have developed a new method for using computers to identify cancer cells, which could help speed up treatment for the disease.
Bristol have re-signed Leinster scrum-half Tom Harris-Wright on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
A lorry driver has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of a couple in a crash in which he failed to brake for three seconds before hitting them.
The number of new house sales in the UK fell in April for the first time since 2008, according to a survey of more than 1,000 surveyors, with most expecting prices to rise over the next three months.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to tackle corruption and tackle the country's huge debts, in his first official visit to the country since taking office.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised after he was sent off during Scarlets' 24-21 defeat by Toulon in the European Champions Cup in France on Sunday.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey could have been dumped in a cesspit by a third party, a court has been told.
Tom Daley won silver for Great Britain in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Plans to build more than 300 new homes in Flintshire have been given the go-ahead by the county council.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an "18-month battle with cancer", his family has confirmed.
Singapore-based Olam, the world's biggest palm oil trader, has been accused of buying palm oil from "rogue" palm oil producers in Indonesia and Gabon that are involved in deforestation and slash-and-burn practices that contribute to smog in Southeast Asia.
A senior Scottish Labour politician has been accused of giving a "propaganda gift to the Chinese regime" by a UK-based campaign group after being caught on camera apparently praising Beijing's economic policies in Lhasa.
A shark that washed up on a beach in Pembrokeshire is believed to be a rare type of mackerel shark, the RSPCA has said.
Scientists say they have a new explanation for the pause in global warming that has been taking place since the year 2000, and which has led to fears of a new ice age in the Arctic and a global warming hiatus in the rest of the world.
With the transfer window set to close at 23:00 BST on Tuesday, clubs and agents are scrambling to finalise deals for their players before the window closes on Wednesday.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family who were forced to leave their homes after a landslip left them unable to return to their homes for more than a year.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City to move up to third in the Premier League, despite being reduced to 10 men at the end of the match.
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove pages belonging to convicted child sex offenders from the social media network after a BBC investigation found they were still being used by some of the offenders.
Aaron Ramsey scored on his return from injury as Arsenal secured fourth place in the Premier League with victory at Norwich City, who were relegated from the top flight.
Derbyshire have appointed Steve Barnett as their new head of elite performance, with a new coaching structure in place for the 2017 season.
Australia captain Steve Smith says England should consider dropping Keaton Jennings as an opening batsman ahead of the Ashes after his poor form with the bat in the Test series against South Africa.
Regulators are to investigate whether more former HBOS executives should be banned from senior positions, following criticism of the Bank of England's handling of the bank's collapse during the financial crisis.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner after a woman was contacted on Facebook by a man who had got her name from a hospital computer while she was being treated in hospital, the BBC has learned.
Troops in the Philippines say they are in "complete control" of the city of Marawi after a week of fierce fighting between government forces and Islamist militants who seized the city last week.
The RMT union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment" after it accused the company of "harassing" its members on social media.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot as he made an approach to Edinburgh Airport on Saturday night.
A man who raped a woman while she was walking home after a night out has failed in his bid to have his sentence reduced.
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor and James Godleman from Leicestershire for a total of £1.5m for the 2017 season.
Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was killed in a "brutal attack" following the Brexit vote, police have said.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union (EU), British expats living in Australia are getting ready to cast their ballots.
An athletics club which trains in Windsor Great Park has said it is "extremely disappointed" after being told it will not be able to use the park for cross country running next season.
Singer Katy Perry is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium in 2017, making her the first artist to perform at the stadium five times.
Ben Eden scored four tries as Castleford thrashed Leigh Centurions to move level on points with Super League leaders Hull FC at the top of the table.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last three years, according to new figures.
Protests continue in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, following the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a white police officer.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Belfast for the final day of the city's annual Pride festival.
The UN tribunal investigating the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened its first hearing in The Hague, where a Lebanese journalist and her TV station are on trial.
Boris Johnson has been at the centre of the UK's EU referendum debate for much of the past few weeks, playing a central role in both sides of the debate and in the campaign itself.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete jailed for killing his girlfriend, will not be released early from prison, his lawyer has said.
In the corner of a busy hospital ward, tucked behind a curtain for our arrival, lies a 15-year-old boy who has been in hospital for almost a month after falling from a bridge.
A group of musicians in South Sudan have called on the war-torn country's warring factions to stop fighting and to forgive each other, in a song that has been recorded in a mix of local languages.
Fernando Babenco, the Oscar-nominated director of Kiss of the Spider Woman and Ironweed, has died at the age of 83, his publicist has said.
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have developed a system that can build new generations of robots that are better than the ones that have already been built.
Ed Sheeran has given his "whole wardrobe" to charity shops in a bid to help raise money for children's hospices and a charity for carers.
Tanzania's Health Minister Hamisi Kigwangalla has come under fire on Twitter for saying that homosexuality is "unnatural" and warned of a crackdown on those who spread the word about it online.
An 86-year-old man has died after being found unconscious in the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Dagenham & Redbridge's Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield Town moved to the top of League Two with victory in the National League, despite playing most of the game with 10-man Dagenham and Redbridge.
Six people have been arrested after a football match was disrupted by "mass pitch incursion" by Coventry City fans, police have said.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by setting fire to her home after falsely accusing her of murdering their father and uncle and doctoring a will to disinherit him.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Rotherham.
Newport County striker James Washington has said he is "proud of his achievements" after scoring his first two goals for Northern Ireland in their 2-0 win over Wales in their last game before the international break.
A Grade II-listed Tudor manor house has reopened to the public after a £2.5m revamp.
A British couple have become the first married couple to win the world title in the world for carrying a woman in a cross-country race.
The United Nations has welcomed the ratification of a landmark treaty aimed at curbing the global arms trade, saying it will "significantly reduce human suffering" by banning cross-border transfers of weapons.
The Great Manchester Run and athletics' Great CityGames will go ahead as planned on Friday and Sunday following Monday's terror attack in the city, the city council has confirmed.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash with a car.
Essex spinner Simon Harmer says he will "probably never take four five-fers or 28 wickets in two games ever again" after taking career-best figures for the second time in a week.
An inquiry into the provision of education and training for prisoners in England and Wales has been set up by the justice secretary to consider the possibility of "earned release" for those who gain skills and qualifications.
Brazil is not the first country in Latin America to experience a military coup, but it is the first since the end of military rule in the region more than 30 years ago, when the military junta of General Augusto Pinochet took power in Chile.
They are students at a university in the Netherlands, and they are working on a new form of transport that is 100 times cheaper to run on than hydrogen, and 100 times cleaner than diesel.
A jockey who was found asleep at the wheel of his car while over the drink-drive limit has been banned from driving for two years after his lawyer said he was a sleep walker.
Swansea council is set to move its offices from the seafront to a former nightclub site in the city centre, BBC Wales has learned.
A dog found abandoned on a road in Kent with its tail docked has been found to have had its claws removed in an "abhorrent act of cruelty", the RSPCA has said.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre on Saturday night, police have said.
Sale Sharks flanker Vadim Cobilas has joined French side Bordeaux-Begles on a two-year deal after agreeing a new deal with the Premiership club.
Dundee United have signed Scott Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at Tannadice if the club win promotion to the Premiership next season.
Mortgage approvals rose at their fastest pace for more than a year in July, suggesting that the UK housing market may be gathering momentum ahead of an expected rise in interest rates.
The father and stepfather of murdered Bradford woman Shazia Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan charged with her murder.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) - a voice-activated digital assistant - at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
HGV drivers caught using their mobile phones while driving have been filmed by police in a bid to cut down on the number of distracted drivers.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open for the first time in his career with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey in Belgium.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with fraud, money laundering and criminal breach of trust.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have gone missing from their home after setting off in a stroller in the early hours of Saturday.
Christian Pulisic scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in a thrilling Bundesliga game.
Voting is under way in the General Election in Cheshire, with the result of the contest expected to be announced in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
Surbiton striker Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against some of the world's best hockey players when Scotland take on four of the top 13 teams in the world at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London on Saturday.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take ecstasy pills with the 'superman' logo after a spate of deaths in the past few weeks.
US economist Gary Hart and Swedish-born economist Carl Holmstrom have won the Nobel prize for economics for their work on public sector contracts.
A cold snap has brought snow to parts of southern Italy, with temperatures falling as low as -6C (0.4F) in some areas, causing power cuts and disrupting travel in towns hit by earthquakes.
The World Health Organization (AZ) has announced a $1bn (Â£700m) programme to develop a new method for cutting out faulty genes from the human genome, 15 years after the first human genome was decoded.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a major redevelopment of the club's Franklin's Gardens ground, which will increase the capacity of the ground by more than 1,000.
It's lambing season for sheep in north Wales, and Tom and Mali have been helping their family to raise thousands of lambs on their farm in Gwynedd.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a disturbance at a nightclub in Dundee city centre left them with head and chest injuries.
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a cargo ship that sank more than 70 years ago have been sold at auction for £10,000.
A police force has apologised after winning a sandcastle competition with an image of a woman with a "large bottom and large breasts" that was deemed "in poor taste" and "trivialising" a serious issue.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has been met with a mixed reaction in the Baltic states, with some commentators seeing the vote as a rejection of European integration, while others see it as a victory for Britain's Eurosceptics.
Talks to sell Silverstone Circuit have been put on hold following the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media, the governing body of the British racing drivers' club has said.
Two World War Two glider pilots who took part in the D-Day landings in Germany have been honoured at a Gloucester museum.
Rio Tinto has raised its takeover offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale from $3.9bn (Â£2.6bn) to $4.2bn after the company's shareholders agreed to accept it.
A leading opposition politician in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called on the government to suspend a referendum on constitutional changes that will be held on Sunday, amid fears of violence.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year contract after he turned down a new deal with the Premiership club.
A cyclist who died after being involved in a crash with a pick-up truck has been named by police as former Olympic gold medallist Chris Boardman.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer who was cheered on by Sunderland fans when he appeared as a mascot for the team has lost his fight against the disease, his family has said.
South Korea's Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman & Kardon for $2.3bn (£1.9bn) in cash, in a bid to gain a foothold in the growing market for internet-connected cars.
The EFL Cup third round and Scottish League Cup quarter-finals have been announced, along with the team news and team news for all the weekend's games.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from non-league side AFC Fylde for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance and a work permit.
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former seaside entertainment complex in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government.
A man accused of killing an Indian man and wounding two others in a shooting in Kansas has admitted to police that he shot and killed two Iranian-Americans in a racially motivated attack, police say.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in his home town of Blackpool, Lancashire.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and boost their hopes of a top-six finish in the Premiership.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of four people who left fake reviews of a Dutch children's nursery on its social network Google+ after it complained that the reviews were harming its business.
Non-league Westfields have been drawn at home to League Two Curzon Ashton in the second round of the FA Cup, while Solihull Moors will travel to League One side Oxford United in the third round.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious groups from the threat of losing their tax-exempt status under the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
A mother and daughter who filmed a far-right leader shouting racist abuse at a rally have said they are "too strong to be scared of people with such a small-minded view".
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his mother's partner who died after a fight at a Dorset holiday park.
Portland Timbers won the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time in their history as they beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to lift the trophy in a dramatic final in Columbus, Ohio, in front of a sell-out crowd of more than 90,000.
The mother and father of three Hillsborough victims have been made MBEs in the New Year Honours for services to bereaved families in the wake of the disaster.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said it is "greatly interested" in the idea of North and South Korea co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics, after a South Korean minister suggested the idea.
Footage has been released of the moment a gunman opened fire on Turkish journalist Selahattin Dundar and a colleague at the Cumhuriyet newspaper in Istanbul, killing one of his colleagues and wounding another.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to turn the city's Guildhall into a "self-sufficient" police station and museum after buying it from the Ministry of Justice to "ensure a secure future" for the building.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the Burmese opposition leader who was released from house arrest last year, is to be honoured at this year's Brighton Festival.
For the second time, he's giving up a role he didn't inherit, but gained on merit.
The US Senate has voted against ratification of a UN treaty aimed at protecting the rights of disabled people, despite the support of a number of disabled politicians.
UKIP's deputy leader has questioned the "legitimacy" of the High Court ruling that Parliament should be given a vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU, saying it could "frustrate" Brexit.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to set a new world record for the number of children reading aloud in a single day.
Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race in more than a year to take victory in the Japanese Grand Prix and boost his chances of winning the world title as Valentino Rossi took victory for Yamaha.
JK Rowling has defended herself on Twitter after being called a "traitor" and "a traitor" by some of the people who have targeted her on the social media site.
A coroner's report into the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has concluded that his death may have been caused by shock rather than torture, state media report.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status, 100 years after it was used as the first line of defence against German air raids during the conflict.
A man has appeared in court charged with two counts of attempted murder after two men were shot in separate gun attacks.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff courts has improved since the closure of the last two courts, according to a new report.
A new police horse has been named after a Scottish island after a public vote to choose a name for the force's new mounted unit.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket in which a van was driven into the building in the early hours of the morning.
The nominations for this year's MTV European Music Awards (EMA) have been announced, ahead of Sunday's show in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling on the first day of the school year in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, pro-Russian separatists say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until next month.
A group of Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme recipients are meeting to discuss the future of the scheme ahead of any announcement by the Economy Minister, Arlene Foster.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that the vote to leave the European Union could lead to a drop in the number of EU students studying in Northern Ireland.
Hull City have broken their transfer record to sign striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club-record fee of £10m and signed Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events to celebrate the capital's history and heritage.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia, bringing the number of the animals there to more than 250.
England coach Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to decide on his future after his side's series win over New Zealand strengthened his chances of staying on for the 2017 World Cup.
A man convicted of raping and murdering an Irish woman in Melbourne, Australia, has been found guilty of five more sex attacks.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be joined by Prince William and Prince Harry at a memorial service for their mother, Princess Diana, 20 years after her death.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank for £24.3bn is a "bad deal" for the UK economy, the chairman of the Cambridge-based chipmaker Lord Myners has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named BBC Radio 1's Sound of 2017, which highlights the best new artists for the coming 12 months.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with six counts of animal cruelty, including failing to provide adequate care for a peacock and guinea hens, a watchdog says.
Hibernian Ladies secured their place in the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup with a 2-0 win over Queen of the South in the third round.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus" o pecyn yn ffug yng nghanolfan siopa'r Quadrant, Abertawe
The owner of a Birmingham-based holiday firm that specialised in flights to Turkey has closed its doors, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
The captain of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia, which capsized in January 2013 killing 32 people, is due to begin an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU single market after a Brexit deal.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle more than two tonnes of a banned stimulant drug into Saudi Arabia, the National News Agency (NNA) reports.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, known as El Chapo or "Shorty" for short, has been extradited from Mexico to the United States to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the first evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Chelsea and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players following a mass brawl in the Premier League game between the sides on Saturday.
Scientists in Australia have found a new species of dinosaur in the fossilised remains of a fossilised dinosaur from the Jurassic period.
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a child under the age of 16 and one of grooming.
The new operator of the South Western rail franchise has failed to guarantee there will be a second member of staff on board trains when it takes over the service, a union has said.
Dinosaurs were able to cross from South America to Australia more than 100 million years ago because of changes in the global climate, according to new research.
A light aircraft has crashed into a field in North Yorkshire, but no-one was hurt after the pilot was able to land safely, police have said.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has said he is "open" to the idea of moving jobs out of London and into the European Union after the UK leaves the EU - but warned that it was not up to the UK to decide how many jobs would go.
Riots have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir's Srinagar city after a Hindu temple was damaged during protests over the desecration of a shrine, police say.
A legal challenge against former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael over claims he made false statements during the general election campaign is to be considered by the Court of Session.
Braille paving stones which were supposed to spell out a poem in the form of a poem have been described as "gobbledygook" by a Braille teacher.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team need to improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the Formula 1 world title this year.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back again.
League One side Rotherham United have signed Jack Rothwell and Harry Maguire on free transfers following the expiry of both players' contracts with the League One club.
The Department of Health in England has agreed to stop GPs, counsellors and psychotherapists being allowed to refer patients for gay conversion therapy, Newsbeat has learned.
An internet security expert says he has foiled an attempt to trick police into responding to a hoax 911 call made to look as if it had come from his home.
A health trust has been told it must make "dramatic improvements" at two of its hospitals after a culture of bullying and low morale was found at one of them.
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped to drive a sharp rise in UK food and drink exports, according to the Federation of Food and Drink Exporters (FDF).
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says her karate black belt was the "one thing" she would go to get if her house was on fire - and the day she received it, she was presented with a bottle of wine by her teacher.
Dozens of pilot whales stranded on a beach in the southern Indian city of Tuticorin have returned to the sea after being rescued from a mass stranding, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner told police he was trying to stop her from stabbing him during a struggle after she had her period, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed midfielder Jordan Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal following his release by Championship side Loftus Road.
As the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal continues to burn, one of the most surprising uses for a boiler under the scheme has been revealed - and it's not one you would expect to see in a tanning salon.
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links was more than just another top-10 finish on the European Tour.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan described the second Test win over Pakistan as "as good as I've seen" after his side thrashed the visitors by an innings and 171 runs in Manchester.
Kilmarnock have re-signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill, who will make his return to the club for the first time since the end of last season on Saturday.
Lindsey Vonn has become the most successful female Alpine skier in World Cup history after winning the overall title in her first race since returning from injury.
Visa-free travel and a border-free zone for Turks in return for taking back migrants should not be given to Turkey, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said, as he accused the prime minister of "making concession after concession" over the country's bid to join the EU.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wanted to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has confirmed that up to 10,000 new cars sold in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands may be affected by the emissions scandal that has hit the German carmaker.
Voters in Nigeria are going to the polls to elect the country's new governors and state legislators, in a poll widely seen as a test of the electoral system after the recent presidential election.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-match touchline ban by Uefa after being sent off on his first match in charge of the Scottish Premiership club.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has been under intense pressure over the past two years because of a shortage of hospital beds and a lack of beds for the elderly.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are among the three nominees for the Professional Footballers' Association manager of the year award.
As the Church in Wales appoints its first female bishop, two of the first women to be ordained in the church say they hope the appointment of Joanna Penberthy will inspire other women to follow in the footsteps of their footsteps.
Former paramilitaries who were seriously injured during the Troubles should not be entitled to a special victims' pension, according to some of their injured colleagues, the BBC's Spotlight programme has learned.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to death for shooting dead three people outside Jewish community centres and a retirement centre in the US state of Kansas.
Norwich City have completed the signing of Wigan Athletic defender Nicky Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Ajax midfielder Marvin Dijks on loan until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
The Duke of Cambridge has completed his final shift at RAF Valley on Anglesey, where he has been serving as a search and rescue pilot for the past three years, the BBC understands.
Stephen Dobbie scored the only goal of the game as Queen of the South reached the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals with victory over Alloa Athletic at Palmerston Park.
A police watchdog has said officers acted in a "proportionate and reasonable way" in the case of a man who died after being restrained by members of the public in Conwy county.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Greek businessman and his wife and their housekeeper, who were found dead in their Washington DC home last week, police say.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the release of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast, the country's censorship board has said.
The body of a man has been found on a beach in Rhondda Cynon Taff, police have said.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has accused the media of "trivialising" allegations of abuse at an asylum seeker detention centre on the Pacific island of Nauru.
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director and teachers of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago, police have said.
If you're planning a trip to the seaside, or to the mountains, or even to the city centre, there are few things that make a hotel stay more miserable than paying too much for your room.
Chelsea midfielders Cesc Fabregas and Pedro have been included in Spain's first squad under new coach Julen Lopetegui after Iker Casillas was dropped from the squad.
The Manu Mukherjee is the favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction after being shortlisted for the award for the second time in three years.
The Tomatina Festival is one of the oldest in the world, taking place in the Italian town of Tuscany this weekend.
A mako shark has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Pembrokeshire after being caught by a team of anglers on a fishing trip.
A video of a gorilla "dancing" on its back has gone viral after a zoo visitor captured it on camera.
As a journalist covering sport for more than a decade I have been fortunate to experience a fair number of high-profile sporting events, from the Ryder Cup in Ireland in 2006 to the Davis Cup final in Ghent in Belgium this weekend.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" due to a "boom and bust" approach to staffing, according to a union.
A song sung by England's 1966 World Cup-winning football team has been re-released more than 30 years after it was banned because it was deemed "inappropriate" at the time of the Falklands War.
A hacker has hijacked hundreds of high-end printers in an attack that targeted devices that did not have basic security controls switched on.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault on a man in Aberdeen city centre.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a comfortable win at Wrexham, who remain without a win in five games.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has accused Labour and the Conservatives of trying to "put the genie back in the bottle" by refusing to take part in TV debates before the general election.
The demolition of the so-called "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has now been completed, and the thousands of people who lived in the camp have now been moved to new homes.
Egypt's new President, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, has been sworn in for a four-year term, saying the country has never witnessed a peaceful handover of power.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw as 10-man Barnsley came from behind to claim a point at Oakwell.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data analytics to identify students who may be struggling with their courses and offer extra support.
Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City moved to the top of the table with a hard-fought victory over Birmingham City Women.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled in the first six months of the year, according to the country's top immigration enforcement agency.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended by the Big Bash League (BBL) for "disrespectful and inappropriate" comments he made during an on-air interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's Bologna airport after trying to smuggle cocaine worth millions of euros into Italy in a pair of trainers.
Nato and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern Afghan province of Wardak, the US military says.
Universities in Wales must "recapture a civic mission" after the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, and the country's dairy industry is worth more than $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) a year, according to the World Health Organization.
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled because of a lack of interest in the event, organisers have said.
Olympic champion Sir Ben Ainslie led Oracle Team USA to a dramatic America's Cup victory over New Zealand in a dramatic final in San Francisco after a dramatic comeback by the US syndicate.
Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City "the best team in the UK", according to Swansea City defender Angel Rangel, who will face his former club in Saturday's Premier League game at Etihad Stadium.
England's Laura Massaro and Nicola Perry will meet in the final of the British Open after both won their semi-finals on Saturday, while world number one Nick Matthew reached the final for the second year in a row.
Nine former workers at Ilex, a Londonderry-based regeneration company, are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive over the way their jobs were transferred to Strabane District Council.
Aberdeen Royal Infirmary has reopened to new admissions and visitors following an outbreak of norovirus, but three wards remain closed due to the presence of the bug.
An appeal has been launched to trace the families and friends of children pictured in a series of photographs showing the "terrifying conditions" of homeless families in the 1960s and 1970s.
Two men have been charged in connection with the death of a teenager who died after a car crashed into a wall and burst into flames.
A third ferry has been brought in to replace the Condor Liberation after it crashed into a quayside in Guernsey last month, bringing the total number of vessels involved in the accident to four.
A hotel chef has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a feral cat in the kitchen of a Denbighshire hotel in a "heinous" act.
Workers at the Port of Calais have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the sale of two ferries to a Danish company, causing major disruption to cross-Channel traffic.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) is investigating claims that Team Sky continued to use intravenous injections of banned substances despite a ban on the practice in cycling, the Press Association (PA) has learned.
A man has been found not guilty of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home after it was found safe and well in Surrey.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting himself" by dropping the H sound from his Cockney accent, according to a University of Manchester study of his speech.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that French Top 14 rivals Racing 92 and Stade Francais are set to merge.
Emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England are to be added to the next generation of emojis, following a campaign by BBC Wales and the Emojipedia website.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday as investors welcomed the rejection of Scottish independence by a majority of 59% to 45% in the referendum.
Bullying is on the increase and racism and discrimination against young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBTI) people is "on the increase", according to a report by MSPs in Holyrood.
Gaelic speakers on the Isle of Benbecula have been targeted in an email scam which they believe may have been written in Google Translate, it has been claimed.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United midfielder Chris Long on a one-year deal.
Three cars have been involved in a three-vehicle crash on the A74(M) in Dumfries and Galloway in which one person was killed and two others were injured, police have said.
Coventry City Football Club has held talks with the council about a possible new home for the club, the Rugby Borough Council has said.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department if they are to improve on their third-place finish in the County Championship last season.
Leicester Tigers hooker Danny Youngs says he is determined to regain his place in the England side after recovering from back surgery that ruled him out of the summer tour.
Wales' World Cup hopes suffered a major blow as Australia scored a last-gasp try to win the third and final Test in Sydney and end a miserable autumn for the Welsh national team.
The home secretary has said it is "too early to say" whether net migration will feature in the Conservatives' election manifesto, after questions about whether the government would stick with its target of reducing it to less than 100,000.
Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Aberdeen at Ibrox despite being reduced to 10 men in stoppage time after two players were sent off.
Wales should be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all nations, David Cameron has said, after the Scottish referendum result.
A blood test that could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease could be available in the next 10 years, researchers have said.
The world's largest cruise ship, the Queen Elizabeth 2, has just been unveiled in the waters off the coast of Florida in the US.
Reading have released Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand from their contracts and re-signed striker Jamie Cox on a one-year deal after the end of their season-long loan spell at the club.
A campaign group has called for Skegness' famous Jolly Fisherman to be removed from the seaside resort's promotional posters.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship after applying for a passport in Moscow, ending a dispute with the French government over his decision to leave the country.
England's Chris Waites has been knocked out of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in the semi-finals by world number two Marco Noppert.
Swansea City have dropped their interest in Paul Clement and Gary Rowett as candidates to be their new head coach and interim boss respectively.
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager on a full-time basis after he turned down the offer of a return to St Mirren as interim boss.
Two Grade II-listed Victorian swimming pools and a 19th Century stately home are among the most at risk of being lost to the world, according to the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events - from the independence of Cyprus in 1960 to the failure of a UN-sponsored peace plan in 2002 to reunify the island in 2004, and to the Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriots' refusal to accept an EU plan for reunification.
An SNP MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt for the people who elected him" after he missed a key Holyrood vote because he was refereeing a Champions League match in Portugal.
One of the most extraordinary flowering plants in the world has bloomed in Scotland for the first time in 12 years, with the smell of rotting flesh filling the air.
More children under the age of 12 are being referred to the NHS for help with transgender issues than at any time in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivia's President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he should be allowed to run for a third term in office, according to provisional results.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed Fulham midfielder Richard Stearman on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months.
Leaders of the Tour de France were stopped by police after a train came within 10m (32ft) of them as they crossed a railway line at the end of the race on Sunday.
A football game in the US state of Washington produced a series of small earthquakes on Sunday, US seismologists have said.
When Adidas, Gazprom, Hyundai-Kia, Coca-Cola and Visa signed up to sponsor the 2018 Fifa World Cup in Russia, they did not expect the scandal engulfing football's world governing body, Fifa, to turn out to be as bad for them as it has turned out to
England have accused Wales of scrummaging "terribly illegally" at the set-piece during their Six Nations campaign.
A man accused of punching a bride and groom in the face during an argument at a wedding reception has told a court he was trying to defuse a "volatile" situation.
British rider Cal Crutchlow won his first MotoGP race of the season in the United States on Sunday to become the first Briton to win two races on the same day in the same year for nearly 40 years.
Nato says its forces in Afghanistan have freed more than 30 Taliban fighters who were being held by the group in a raid in southern Afghanistan, in a move described as a success by the Nato-led coalition.
Indonesia, a vast archipelago of more than 17,000 islands, is the world's largest Muslim-majority country and one of the fastest-growing economies in Asia.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales in the third quarter, as it continues to fight back against competition from discount chains and Amazon's move into grocery deliveries.
A new genetic test for inherited heart conditions has been developed by the British Heart Foundation and could be rolled out on the NHS, the charity has said.
Hampshire and Middlesex both won their T20 Blast South Group games on the final day of the day as Glamorgan and Sussex were both beaten by two runs.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with a fire on a fishing boat in Peterhead.
Campaigners in Sri Lanka say they have new photographs of a five-year-old Tamil Tiger rebel who was shot dead by the army on the final day of the country's civil war in 2009.
Manchester City fought back from 2-0 down at half-time to beat Bayern Munich and reach the last 16 of the Champions League for the first time in their history.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of two women who were found dead after he failed to call police for help for more than a decade.
It is not the most famous film of the British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa, but it is one of the most iconic.
An NHS trust that was placed in special measures after high mortality rates at Stafford Hospital has been lifted from the watchdog's list of "requires improvement" after a three-year review.
Bombay House in the Indian capital, Delhi, is one of the most famous buildings in the country.
Deportivo La Coruna have parted company with manager Davide Sanchez by mutual consent, the Spanish La Liga club have confirmed.
A US college that gave Bill Cosby a endowed professorship is returning the money it had given to the comedian following allegations that he sexually assaulted a woman in the 1970s.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki will face Sloane Stephens in the final of the Rogers Cup for the second time in three years after beating Karolina Pliskova in straight sets on Saturday.
A woman who was killed when a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire is understood to have been the only person injured in the crash.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Cwmbran in which more than 100 people were injured and thousands of pounds worth of damage caused during a night of "unlawful behaviour".
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a "masterful ride" to win the 2000 Guineas for the third time in four years on favourite Air Force Blue at Newmarket.
India's government has proposed a bill that would ban the creation and distribution of all types of geospatial information, including online maps, in the country, unless they are approved by a government agency.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut for the second year in a row as Lee Westwood carded a six-under-par 66 to take a share of the lead after the first round of the Race to Dubai Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has received a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help it buy a rare painting of an African slave who was captured as a slave and brought to England.
Public hearings into the death of former MP Lord Janner are to be held in March 2017, a lawyer for the inquiry into allegations against the peer has said.
Voting is under way in local elections across England, including the South Shields by-election and mayoral contests in Doncaster and North Tyneside, as millions of voters choose who will represent them on their local council.
Israeli officials have lifted a ban on Palestinians entering a key holy site in the Old City of Hebron, ending a 12-day stand-off over new security measures at the al-Aqsa mosque complex.
An eight-year-old Indian girl who went missing after a social media campaign to find her has been found safe and well, police say.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park have launched a new search in a bid to find out where they came from and what they were used for.
Proposals for a second stretch of "smart motorways" on the M4 and M5 in the West Midlands have been put out to public consultation.
More than 90% of homes in the Channel Islands have been found to have low levels of radon gas, which can increase the risk of lung cancer, according to a new survey.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to cut £1.5m from its budget as part of "tough choices" over the next three years.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries on the first day of the County Championship match between Essex and Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their search and rescue dog units as part of cost-cutting measures to meet budget cuts.
Two police forces could have done more to stop a man driving the wrong way down a motorway before he crashed and killed a man and a passenger, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will face Celtic in the second qualifying round of the Champions League after holding San Marino's La Fiorita to a goalless draw in Belfast.
Plans to create 10 new marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been scrapped, the minister for natural resources has said.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Kenny has left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent to return to his home town of Londonderry on a free transfer at the end of the season.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in Hamilton, West Lothian.
DNA belonging to a man accused of throwing acid in the face of a journalist has been found on a jacket worn by one of the men accused of the attack, a court has heard.
One of Scotland's biggest Celtic music festivals is getting under way in the Outer Hebridean island of Stornoway, with more than 1,000 people expected to attend this year's event.
The number of young women entering convents in the UK is at its highest level since the 1980s, according to the Church in England and Wales.
Wolves striker Marek Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury and could miss the rest of the season, the Championship club have confirmed.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years after being accused of being a spy has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed, her family has said.
Bradford City eased into the second round of the FA Cup for the second year in a row with a comfortable win over non-league Chesham United.
The Home Office has been asked to investigate the case of a man jailed for more than 40 years for the murder of a woman in a Derbyshire cemetery, a former police officer has said.
A police officer who Tasered a man who stabbed a woman to death in a hostel has told an inquest it was "unbelievable" and "surreal" to see the "horrific" scene of the attack.
The head of the Organisation of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a "traitor" for declaring a state of emergency in his country.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently after a public consultation found it was the most popular option to close, despite concerns from residents.
If you are an ardent Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the French (not English of course) champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a 15-year-old girl believed to have taken a "legal high" in a park.
A five-year-old boy in New Zealand has won a NZ$1m (Â£800,000; $1,000,000) bonus bond jackpot, according to the bank that runs the scheme.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal after he impressed on trial at the club earlier this month.
Commodities trader Noble has said it expects to book a $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) loss in the first three months of the year because of a sharp fall in coal and oil prices.
South African police have replaced the detective at the centre of the Oscar Pistorius murder case after it emerged that he is facing charges of attempted murder, the police chief has said.
Kirsty Williams is the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats - the party's smallest group in the assembly and the only one of the five main political parties in Wales to be elected to the assembly.
Nato countries should "shame" each other into increasing their defence spending, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said, amid concerns about the future of the UK's armed forces.
A court in Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling and accused them of spreading "immoral and un-Islamic culture and promiscuity" on the photo-sharing site Instagram, state media report.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead retained the leader's yellow jersey in the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos won stage four of the race in a sprint finish.
A woman found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been referred to the police watchdog after she was arrested on suspicion of assault, police have said.
A US pit bull rescue centre is to fly the dog in to the UK to save her from being destroyed after its owner launched a last-ditch appeal against a police order to destroy her.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress for the first time at the Hong Kong Film Festival, at a ceremony in the city where she made her debut in 1997.
Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to compete for Great Britain at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio and aims to win a gold medal.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was mauled to death by his dog while out walking his pet.
A man has said he was "humiliated" after he was removed from a train and marched off twice by police who found wires in his bag on the journey from London to Paddington - only to be allowed back on.
Portugal's government has approved a law that will allow descendants of Sephardic Jews, who lived in the Iberian peninsula for centuries, to apply for citizenship for the first time in more than 500 years.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis class with Andy Murray, the mother of world number one tennis player Jamie Murray, during a visit to a Scottish school.
AFC Wimbledon's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by Portsmouth at Kingsmeadow.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years, according to new figures from the Scottish government.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup, while Super League's bottom side Salford Red Devils will travel to Wakefield Trinity in the last eight.
Household incomes in Northern Ireland have risen by 0.1% in December compared to the same month last year, according to a supermarket.
Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship to 19 points with a dominant victory in the Italian Grand Prix to move level on points with Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen.
Paralympic gold medallist David Whitehead, who ran 40 back to back marathons in 40 days, has been the subject of a new photographic exhibition documenting his journey to the Rio Paralympics.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to make Prime Minister's Questions a "genuine exercise in asking questions and answering questions" in their first appearance at the despatch box as opposition leader and prime minister.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, amid severe flooding that has killed at least 10 people, reports say.
US tycoon Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government after it gave the go-ahead to a controversial offshore wind farm project off the coast of Aberdeen.
A coach drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy town centre should be widened to improve road safety, according to a report by Conwy council.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to restore payments to customers who have been affected by a problem with its computer system that has left them unable to pay their overdrafts and overdraft fees.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of being the contact person of the man who carried out last week's Berlin Christmas market attack has been released without charge.
Russell Slade says taking Cardiff City to the Championship play-off final this season would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career.
Two arts directors on Argyll and Bute have been made redundant after the arts body Comar announced plans to cut the number of posts on its board from three to one.
The European Union has pledged $1.9bn (Â£1bn; $2bn) to a trust fund for Africa at a summit in the Maltese resort of Valletta to try to stem the flow of migrants to Europe.
UK electricity prices could rise by up to 8% in the next 20 years if the government fails to meet its climate change targets, according to a new report.
NHS England is to publish details of the private work doctors do outside the NHS in England, in a bid to tackle the issue of consultants earning in excess of £500,000 a year on the private market.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man who was hit by a van outside Leicester railway station.
Bath returned to winning ways in the Premiership for the first time since Sam Burgess' return to the club with a bonus-point victory over 10-man London Irish at the Madejski Stadium, despite being reduced to 10 men for much of the second half.
A contract signed by the Beatles and their manager Brian Epstein has failed to sell at auction in New York, fetching just over £100,000 at a Sotheby's sale of rock memorabilia.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv say they are still adjusting to the fact that they are now within range of certain Palestinian rockets fired from the Gaza Strip.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy who was asked to leave an Air Canada flight because the airline could not find a seat for him has received an apology from the airline.
Northern Ireland's 15-year-olds are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in England, Scotland and Wales, according to a new report.
The number of flights in and out of the UK is set to hit record levels this summer, with air traffic controllers warning that delays and cancellations could rise by 50% by 2030 if nothing is done to improve the way they are managed.
Social news site Reddit has removed its "warrant canary" from its website, raising questions about whether the site has been targeted by a secret surveillance request from the US government.
Selfie contests have been held in India to raise awareness about the lack of women in the country's rural areas and to encourage more women to take up the profession.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting items from shops in the aftermath of last month's deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Nairobi, local media say.
Work is under way to clear up debris from beaches in Norfolk and Suffolk which were badly damaged by last month's floods.
A third person has died at a Carmarthenshire nursing home following an outbreak of flu-like symptoms, public health officials have said.
Benedict Cumberbatch has revealed he helped a woman give birth to a baby girl in a park more than 50 years ago, in what he described as a "natural" experience.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of knife attacks on patients has told a court he did not "intentionally scare" them with cancer warnings.
A team of scientists from the UK's Arctic Mission are travelling to the Arctic Circle to raise awareness of the impact of climate change on the sea ice around the world.
Google's first-quarter net profit rose 11% to $3.9bn (£2.6bn), compared with the same period last year, as the company reported a rise in advertising revenue of 11%.
Senga won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Aintree as favourite Shutter Speed was beaten into second by Tivoli in a thrilling finish.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham and secure their first National League win of the season with a 2-1 victory at the Crown Oil Arena.
China has said it will not accept a UN tribunal's ruling that invalidates its territorial claims in the South China Sea, after the Philippines won a landmark case against it in The Hague.
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using 3D facial recognition technology to help doctors diagnose and treat patients with facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by businessman Nigel Travis, who has taken over as owner of the League One club.
Prime Minister Theresa May has the power to call an early general election if she wants to, but how would she do it?
More than 100 staff are to return to work at two councils' offices after they were badly damaged by fire.
The amount of money spent by ambulance trusts in England on private ambulances has more than trebled in the past five years, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool eased to a comfortable win over Burton to move up to second in the Premier League table as they eased to victory at the Pirelli Stadium.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the women's Twenty20 series in India after suffering a shoulder injury.
New Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he was surprised to be asked to clean his boots on his first day at Portman Road.
Police have released e-fit images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester last year.
Gateshead have signed Newcastle United left-back Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent move in the January transfer window.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" reports that the CIA has concluded that Russian hackers tried to influence last month's election in his favour.
Portuguese shares and bond prices fell on Monday as investors reacted to the prospect of a left-wing coalition government taking power in the country.
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea, after finishing in the top 30 in her first World Cup race of the season in Germany on Saturday.
Four men have admitted carrying out an armed raid on a Fife flat in which they threatened two men with a gun and threatened to cut their fingers off during a robbery.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City left-back Andy Reid on a one-year deal.
"If you're going to be a football manager, you've got to have a John Toshack in your backroom team."
Poorer young people are more likely to end up in the juvenile justice system than their better-off counterparts, according to a study of crime in Edinburgh.
A man has been found guilty of the "brutal" murder of a teenager who was stalked by his ex-boyfriend for more than a year before she was killed.
"I am a medieval knight," says Jason Maher, as he puts on his armour and puts his helmet on, "and I am a jousting champion."
A UK seed company has been named by French authorities in connection with an outbreak of E. coli linked to raw sprouted vegetable sprouts sold in the UK.
A health group has said it will not re-tendering for a contract to run a hospital's fertility services, saying it would be "unusual and unwelcome" to advise bidders on how to improve the service.
A section of the M6 in the West Midlands has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a crash in which a man was killed.
Former Premier League footballer Adam Johnson told his partner he had cheated on her with "quite a few" other women before he admitted kissing a 15-year-old girl, his trial has heard.
Britain's social mobility problem is "going backwards not forwards", the chair of a government commission set up to tackle it has warned, as he laid out a bleak picture of a "them and us" Britain divided along the fault-lines of wealth and opportunity.
Israel's prime minister has condemned Iran's launch of a ballistic missile, accusing it of violating a UN resolution banning the country from developing missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.
Network Rail has been accused of "embarrassing itself" by promising a live Twitter feed of engineering work on the East Coast Main Line in the wake of the Christmas disruption.
Wales' Andrew Selby will fight England's Andrew Norman in the super-featherweight title eliminator at Cardiff's Principality Stadium on Saturday, 7 May.
It was only the Champions Cup's opening day, but Glasgow Warriors' defeat by Northampton Saints at Scotstoun was a sobering reminder of what awaits them in the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup, and what they must do to avoid a repeat of last season's disappointment.
Match reports and team news for the weekend's Scottish Premiership, Championship and League One and League Two games as Celtic and Dundee United continue to battle it out for a place in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Chesterfield, who remain without a win in six games.
Welsh place-names are a rich source of information for historians, geographers and linguists, and have been used to solve some of the country's most puzzling riddles, such as the origins of the word "Beddau" and how to pronounce a town's name.
This is, said the shadow Welsh secretary, "the most important general election for a generation" - and he's not the only one.
Great Britain won four rowing gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics as they claimed seven medals across all sports on day four.
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of allegations of child sex abuse, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara is the favourite to win the £50,000 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, with US author Tyler Tyler the second favourite, and US-born author Jenny McCarthy the third favourite, according to bookmakers.
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has criticised a cathedral's decision to read a passage from the Koran during a service, saying it was done "badly" and "in the wrong place, in the wrong context".
Norway's mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions of his detention in a maximum security prison, according to a leaked document leaked to a Norwegian newspaper.
Five-time major winner Phil Mickelson carded a nine-under-par 64 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon after a rain-hit second round.
The leak of a draft version of Labour's general election manifesto before it has been formally discussed is an unprecedented move by the party, sources close to Jeremy Corbyn have told the BBC.
A drug that targets the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain could be a "tantalising" new treatment for people with early stage Alzheimer's disease, according to researchers in Switzerland.
Justice Minister Peter McCann has said Attorney General John Larkin has gone "too far" and should step down over his recent interventions on abortion laws.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a woman at a supermarket after she criticised a book he had published on a writing website.
Atletico Madrid won the La Liga title for the first time in their history as they came from behind to draw with Barcelona at the Nou Camp and secure the title on goal difference.
The port at Invergordon is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm project in the Cromarty Firth, it has been announced.
A man has been jailed for life in Lapland for the murder of his Scottish partner who was found dead in the Arctic.
A Swansea man who played a key role in the development of radar technology during World War Two has been honoured in his home city.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been using his camera to capture some of the most striking images of the Welsh countryside and mountains he has ever captured.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be listed as ancient woodland in the UK, in a bid to help protect them from being chopped down.
The Afghan Taliban have released more than 100 police officers who had been held hostage by the group for more than a week at a base in the north-east of the country, officials say.
The National Library of Wales has opened its doors to the public for the first time as part of its celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the birth of Wales' national anthem, the Welsh National Anthem.
There has been a rise in the number of patients being transferred from critical care units in Wales, according to a report by the Welsh government.
Former Swansea City boss Bruce Arena has been named as the new head coach of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
Thirty-six Yazidi survivors of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group have been rescued from captivity in Iraq, the UN says.
Two German women have been arrested in Spain after a paparazzi flashmob turned into a mass stampede in a town in the north-eastern region of Catalonia on Tuesday night.
What are the top 10 football teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, one of the poorest countries in the world, causing extensive damage to buildings in the country and killing hundreds of people.
The chief executive of a health watchdog has said he feels he has been "gagged" during a "crucial time for healthcare debate" after he was suspended by the Welsh Government, BBC Wales has learned.
The Knights of Malta, an order founded 900 years ago by a Benedictine monk who opened a hospital for sick pilgrims in Jerusalem at the time of the Crusades, have been celebrating their 900th anniversary with a special Mass at the Vatican.
Actress Barbara Carr, best known for her role as Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A US man has been sentenced to five years in prison for sharing personal data about US military personnel with the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
We've asked BBC Sport readers to predict the top three before every race this season and, after the British Grand Prix, we got our calculators out and had a look at how many people got it right.
The new head of the National Crime Agency (NCA) has been accused of "moral cowardice" by her predecessor of failing to deal with concerns about the way Surrey Police handled child protection, the BBC has learned.
Hospital staff at Carlisle Royal Infirmary have been made aware of a "potentially harmful substance" which has been found in one of the hospital's wards.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's New Year Honours list for his services to the sport.
Wales wing George North says he is determined to add to his tally of tries after scoring a hat-trick in his side's win over Ireland last weekend.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has arrived back in France after being freed by her captors in Oman, the French government has said.
Talks between Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) and the RMT union in a dispute over a new contract are due to resume on Wednesday, the union has said.
England captain Joe Root says Saturday's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka is a "must-win" game for his side as they bid to reach the semi-finals of the competition for the first time since 2007.
More than 100 people have been killed in Indonesia's Aceh province in floods and landslides that hit the area on Monday, officials say, with the death toll expected to rise as search and rescue teams continue to search for survivors.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of planning to carry out an attack in Germany on the orders of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group, prosecutors say.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been fined £10,000 by the Football Association after being found guilty of betting on a match.
A 19-year-old man who advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis" on social media has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers in a car crash.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences after he was arrested on his return to the UK from Turkey, police have said.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a Blackpool fan who accused him of threatening to shoot him with a gun.
"A political solution to the war in Syria, and a humanitarian pause to allow access to the people in need in Homs and Yarmouk in Damascus."
A Holiday Inn hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale for £2.5m, less than a year after it was bought for £17.7m by a private equity firm.
Andre Ward says he will make a statement in Saturday's rematch with Sergey Kovalev when they fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales could lead to a system where "price trumps all", the former chief judge of the Court of Appeal has warned.
Rochus Misch, the last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's personal entourage, has died at the age of 99, days after the Nuremberg trials ended with the conviction of the Nazi Fuehrer for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Ospreys moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Ulster at the Liberty Stadium which leaves the Irish region in danger of missing out on a top-four finish.
A mining company has been served with a health and safety notice after a fire at one of the UK's deepest mines, which left 11 people missing and seven others injured.
A woman who says she was sexually abused as a child by a "monster" has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" before going to police to report the abuse to the police.
Essex and Glamorgan will hope to maintain their hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals when they meet at Chelmsford for the second time in three years on Saturday.
Three senior Brexit ministers are travelling to Mexico and Australia as part of a series of talks aimed at securing free trade deals with other countries after the UK leaves the European Union.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of affray after a football match was abandoned following reports a player was threatened with a knife.
The death of a man whose body was found in a drain in Lincolnshire is not being treated as suspicious, police have said.
On our way back to Pisky we passed the scene of one of the most poignant moments of the war in eastern Ukraine: the fields of sunflower fields were empty, the sky was clear and the ground was calm.
Cardiff Devils head coach Scott Kelman says he does not feel bad for Sheffield Steelers, who will face the Welsh side in the Challenge Cup final on Sunday, despite the teams having to play back-to-back Elite League games on the night before.
Singer Phil Collins has postponed two concerts in London after he suffered a head injury during a fall at his first show in 10 years on Wednesday night.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a mother who was stabbed in the neck with a meat cleaver in front of her two-year-old daughter.
Snooker players have voted to keep the World Snooker Shoot Out as a ranking event, despite a row over the use of a shot clock at last year's event.
Olympic gold medallist Charlotte Dujardin will defend her World Cup dressage title at the Olympia in London on Wednesday, 16 December, as Britain's Charlotte Brash attempts to become the first rider to complete the grand slam in showjumping.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury in a thrilling finish in heavy rain.
The disappearance of 43 students from a university in the northern Mexican city of Ayotzinapa in 2014 has been one of the most high-profile cases of enforced disappearances in Mexico's war on drugs.
The National Theatre (NT) is considering introducing quotas to increase the number of disabled and BAME actors on its stage, its artistic director Tony Norris has said.
Michael Dunlop set a new lap record in Thursday night's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he set the fastest speed of the week in the Superstocks and Superbike classes at Keppel Gate.
For miles around, the green hills of the Yorkshire Dales can be seen stretching out in all directions, stretching from the horizon to the horizon like a rainbow-coloured carpet of green grass.
More than 70 jobs have been lost after a Belfast food chain went into administration, with the loss of 70 jobs, it has been announced.
A drugs gang believed to be worth up to £4.5m has been jailed after a £10m drugs haul was seized in a major operation in south Wales.
A motorcyclist has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist who was hit and killed by a motorbike in Nottingham.
Members of the junior doctors' union in England have voted in favour of a new contract, despite the government's threat to impose a new deal on them.
An RSPCA investigation is under way into the way dogs are cared for in kennels used by police in Teignbridge, the BBC has learned.
Volkswagen has said it will stop production at five of its German plants this week because of a dispute with two of its suppliers, which has led to the stoppage of production at four plants.
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats will introduce a "Young Person's Bus Pass" to help young people access education and training if they win the general election.
Dwayne Bravo hit an unbeaten century as West Indies were beaten by Pakistan in the first day-night Test in Dubai, losing by eight wickets.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) is an EU-wide system that allows member states to extradite suspects who have been arrested in another EU member state to be tried in their own country, but it has been criticised for being too lenient on minor offences and for not being proportionate.
Hospitals, care homes and nursing homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast for staff on Christmas Day, as they prepare for the busiest day of the year for many of their patients and patients' families.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Mercedes were beaten by Red Bull's Max Verstappen in the first practice session of the season at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya.
The family of a British journalist who was found dead in a toilet at a Turkish airport have said they believe she acted alone in her death.
England fly-half Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women's Six Nations with a knee injury and will miss the opening game of the tournament against Spain.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he became "obsessed" with her and "craved" sex with her after the alleged abuse, a court has heard.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte remain tied for the overall lead in the Criterium du Dauphine as Alberto Contador retained his overall lead.
Joe Cardle scored a hat-trick as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk 3-1 in a game that saw both sides finish with 10 men.
The Electoral Commission has launched a booklet aimed at giving people who are not on the electoral register the information they need to vote in the EU referendum so they don't miss out on the chance to take part.
The Totten Glacier on the east coast of Antarctica could reverse course and retreat much further inland as a result of climate change, according to new research.
When President Donald Trump fired the head of the FBI, James Comey, on Tuesday night, the reaction in Washington was swift and visceral.
Six offshore workers were exposed to low levels of radioactive radiation while working on a North Sea platform, it has been claimed.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of manslaughter in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
Dozens of migrants are feared dead after a boat carrying them from North Africa to Europe capsized in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian coastguard says, with rescuers searching for survivors and bodies.
The parents of Anni Dewani, the British bride shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they are determined to find out the truth about what happened to their "beautiful" daughter.
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka at Bristol was abandoned without a ball being bowled as rain washed out the game.
It's a year since plans for a combined Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire devolution deal were submitted to the government, but what do people in the towns and villages involved think about the plan and how they feel about it?
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton Athletic boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose to reach the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals and ended the Rosey Posey side's hopes of reaching the last 16 for the first time in their history.
Scotland have called up South Africa-born fly-half Alex Jones to their squad for the two Tests against Japan in June.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday, thanking people for their "kind messages of goodwill" on social media.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster in a ceremony attended by more than 1,000 people, including the Archbishop of York.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball after a successful winter with the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) Lions, according to head coach Justin Read.
The wife of a couple who set up an independent state on the seabed of Sealand off the Suffolk coast has died at the age of 90.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle with a rival group in Germany over the use of the word "ukulele" in a trademark dispute.
A times table check for 11-year-olds in England will be introduced in 2018-19, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan which killed at least 13 people on Saturday, the White House has said.
Crusaders have signed former Crusaders defender Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal following his release by Dungannon Swifts at the end of the 2016-17 season.
"Look at this tree," said Dedel Pereira, pointing to a branch of the andiroba tree, "this is how we used to make oil," he said.
Ulster Rugby has defended its players' decision not to wear poppies during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingspan Stadium on Remembrance Day.
Gateshead striker Adam Johnson has signed a new one-year contract with the National League club.
The internet has been abuzz over the discovery of what is believed to be one of the worst video games ever made on the internet.
A Holyrood committee has backed plans to allow same-sex couples in Scotland to enter into civil partnerships, after a vote in favour of the legislation.
Three whistleblowers have told the BBC that they were involved in a scam that defrauded hundreds of TalkTalk customers out of more than £100,000.
A hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by health inspectors following an inspection of two of its hospitals.
The Scottish government has said the downturn in the oil and gas industry is partly to blame for the country's "sluggish growth" in the last 10 years.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed after chemotherapy for breast cancer has become the first person in Scotland to give birth using frozen ovarian tissue, scientists have said.
"I genuinely believe that being on death row for 22 years ultimately saved my life," says Nick Yarris, who was sentenced to death in the US state of Pennsylvania for the rape and murder of a woman in 1982.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the last 16 of the Marseille Open for the first time in his career.
It looks pretty likely that the Brexit Bill will get its second reading in the House of Lords on Monday, but there's a chance that the debate on it will be delayed until after the Budget on Wednesday, when MPs will have a chance to vote on some of the amendments made by peers.
The head of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs to recruit at least 300 new officers a year to maintain current levels of service.
Curtis Paul is one of Swansea City's longest-serving staff members, having been part of the club's backroom staff for more than 40 years - and has played a key role in their rise from the Football League to the Premier League.
Emre Can's stunning solo goal in Liverpool's 1-0 win over Watford at Vicarage Road on Saturday has been hailed as one of the goals of the season by his team-mate Adam Lallana and manager Jurgen Klopp.
Children in Scotland who have a parent or sibling who has type-1 diabetes could be offered a drug to try to prevent the disease in the future, under a new study being launched in the country.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death at a house.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) in a funding round that values the company at more than $10bn.
The government has accused the High Court of "attempting to frustrate the will of the British people" by ruling that MPs must vote on whether the prime minister can start the process of leaving the EU.
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party has filed a lawsuit against a left-wing MP who says he was attacked in the capital, Athens, last month.
Alliance Trust has announced "some of the biggest changes in its history", including the departure of two senior executives, in a bid to cut costs and improve governance.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, according to a new study.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media over an anti-doping scandal that has left the team's reputation "left in tatters", saying he and his team-mates "need to do better".
A protest has taken place in Liverpool against plans by the city council to set an "illegal budget" to save £156m over the next three years, which could lead to the banning of and surcharge of 47 councillors.
A school in Lancashire which has the lowest proportion of students taking A-levels in England is to close its sixth form, the government has confirmed.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is not distracted by the prospect of a British and Irish Lions call-up for next year's tour of New Zealand, insisting his focus is on getting picked for the autumn internationals.
A patch that can be stitched on to the heart after a heart attack may help prevent long-term damage to the organ, according to a trial in animals.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract with midfielder Peter Whittingham before the end of the season.
This year's Royal Albert Hall (RAH) Proms is one of the most anticipated classical music events of the year, with more than 120,000 people expected in the auditorium for the opening night of this year's programme.
Former US President Barack Obama has said he wants to visit Ireland when he leaves the White House in January, according to his successor as US Secretary of State.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" after the midfielder's emoji was used on social media during Sunday's Premier League game.
Cervical cancer patients in Northern Ireland are being offered the chance to have an extra round of treatment as part of a UK-wide trial which could save their lives, according to the Belfast Experimental Cancer Medicine Centre.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to have any chance of qualifying for the 2018 finals in Russia.
Early humans may have been living in the Americas some 115,000 years earlier than previously thought, according to a new study published in the journal Nature.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his first appearance for a non-league club for more than a year on Saturday.
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump's proposed cuts to its peacekeeping budget would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue its work.
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in the back of a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are following "several lines of inquiry".
Fewer children in England than any other country in the world are allowed to travel home from school alone after dark, travel on local buses or walk to places other than school, a study has found.
Six police officers have been charged with assault after a man's fingers were severed while he was being restrained in custody, the police watchdog has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to a comfortable win over Partick Thistle to move to within a point of the Premiership play-off places and leave the Jags in the relegation zone.
More than £3.9bn in unpaid child maintenance arrears in England and Wales is "uncollectable", the government has said, but the BBC has learned that many single parents are still waiting to receive money they were ordered to pay towards their children.
Russell Brand has deleted the phone number and email of a Daily Mirror reporter after he posted it on Twitter.
The Israeli general election campaigns are one of the most tedious and tedious affairs in the world of politics.
Aberdeen's deal with Lloyds Bank to write off the club's £9.4m bank debt is the latest in a series of deals that have seen Scottish football clubs shed large amounts of long-term debt in the past five years.
An appeals court in China has reduced the jail term of a prominent journalist who was convicted of leaking state secrets to a US-based website, state media report.
The number of mental health patients being sent out of Cornwall for treatment must be cut by 50% by 2020, a coroner has said in a letter to the health secretary.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has described his new job as the "biggest challenge in world football" as he begins his reign at the club on Monday.
The number of empty plastic bottles found on UK beaches has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to a survey.
Portsmouth defender Liam Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Playwright James Graham is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign, which he says will be "the main occupying idea in all writers' heads for the next five or 10 years".
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average audience of 2.4 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures from the overnight ratings service Nielsen.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England and Wales, saying the plan is unlawful and could lead to the loss of thousands of badgers.
The UK government is set to announce its decision on whether or not to grant the Liberal Democrats the right to run in next year's general election, the BBC has learned, after the party's leader, Ed Miliband, said he would not be seeking re-election.
Australia's BHP Billiton and Brazil's Vale have reached a deal with prosecutors over the collapse of a dam at their iron ore mine in Minas Gerais last year, which killed 19 people.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for carry-on luggage bins for its 737 aircraft, which it says will reduce headroom for passengers and reduce anxiety about finding space for their luggage.
South Africa wrapped up a four-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day international to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series with an innings-and-96-run victory on day one of the first Test.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Yewtree child sex abuse investigation, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Tom Steel and Tom Latham hit centuries as Durham made a solid start to their reply to Gloucestershire on day one of the County Championship match at Chester-le-Street.
Championship side Norwich City have signed striker Alex Pritchard from Tottenham Hotspur for an undisclosed fee and goalkeeper Danny Jones on loan from Portsmouth.
The pound and the stock market have had a mixed reaction to the news that the UK is to hold a general election on 8 June, but what does this mean for the UK's future relationship with the European Union and the rest of the world?
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at an inquest into the death of an IRA man in Londonderry may be reported to the director of prosecutions, a court has been told.
An independent review into the training of nursery staff in the wake of the death of a baby who choked on a shepherd's pie is to be carried out by the government.
More than 1,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of last year, Home Office figures have shown.
Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon title and end Britain's 77-year wait for a male champion in front of a crowd of 90,000 on Centre Court.
A GP has admitted giving his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she told him she would end their marriage if he did not quit his addiction.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Yann Ogogo could return from injury in time for the League One play-off semi-final second leg of the FA Cup against Wigan Athletic on Saturday.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead as Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four in a sprint finish to claim his third Grand Tour stage win of the year.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead going into the final round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Hawaii as he looks to win his first title of the year.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) has said a large sinkhole that opened in a residential street was caused by water penetrating the ground and fluctuations in groundwater levels.
England are "horrifically" vulnerable to spin when they face India in the limited-overs series in India this month, says former wicketkeeper Graeme Swann.
Careers Wales staff have been asked to take voluntary redundancy in a bid to save £2.7m from its budget, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain won their third medal of the Rio Olympics by finishing second in the mixed-team event in the fencing with silver in the men's team event, behind Great Britain's Dan French and Dan Evans.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Ivan Zuniga from Napoli on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £12m.
Chancellor George Osborne is to hold his third Spending Review, which will set departmental budgets for the next four years - up to the 2020 general election - as part of plans to balance the government's books.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor" to play James Bond, according to the actor's former co-star Ian Fleming, who played the 007 in Casino Royale and the first two James Bond films.
Chris Northeast's unbeaten century helped Kent secure promotion to Division Two of the County Championship as they held on for a draw against Essex at Chelmsford on the final day of the season.
For days, Quebec City's Muslim community has been mourning the six people killed in Sunday's shooting at a mosque in the Quebec City suburb of St-Etienne-du-Lacolle.
ITV's production staff have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay, which could see some of the broadcaster's most popular programmes axed.
Glamorgan need to improve "a helluva lot" this season if they are to challenge for promotion back to Division One of the County Championship, says director of cricket Steve Mott.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Tuesday about the prison population in England and Wales, in which he said: "We already have higher rates of incarceration per head of the population than anywhere else in Western Europe."
A woman who used five children as "sexual playthings" and forced them to have sex with one another has been found guilty of a string of child sex abuse offences.
The world’s oceans are on the verge of a mass extinction event because of climate change and overfishing, according to a new report.
Why is George Osborne so much better off than he thought he was in July, when he announced that he was going to cut spending by £12.5bn over the next four years and raise taxes by £10bn?
Up to 100 jobs could be at risk at Tata Steel's Shotton steelworks in Newport, a union has warned.
At least 55 dead greyhounds have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland, in the wake of an investigation into the illegal greyhound racing industry in the country.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down speculation linking left-back Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland, insisting the club will take a bid from any foreign club if it is a "good bid".
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 79, was one of the UK's best-known magicians and one of its best-loved entertainers, with a style of magic that was at the forefront of the new generation of entertainers.
The rail company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation last year for disruption caused by strikes, strikes and other incidents, figures show.
Police investigating the murder of an 83-year-old man who was found stabbed to death in woodland have released CCTV images of three men they want to speak to in the hunt for his killer.
One of Australia's most prominent politicians has announced he is taking leave of absence from the Western Australia Senate for six months to deal with mental health issues.
A council has voted to ban staff from being paid for smoking during work hours in a bid to make the issue of smoke breaks fairer for those who do not smoke.
A student who was at the Bataclan concert venue in Paris on Friday has described the "inhumane" scenes of people lying on the floor as gunmen opened fire on the crowd.
England were bowled out for just 101 on the final day of the second Test as Australia beat them by 263 runs in Melbourne to level the Ashes series at 2-2 and take a 3-2 lead.
Australian police are investigating the case of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking a coffee laced with cyanide, her family and lawyer have said.
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes James Burke has the potential to become a "very, very good player" after his £13m move to German club RB Leipzig.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was found stabbed to death in her flat has appeared in court for the first time.
The Sri Lankan government has criticised media outlets for showing video of a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire on Saturday, saying it was a "disaster" for the country.
Japan's Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scottish Labour can no longer rely on the "big beasts" of the past to drive the party forward, the party's only MP in Scotland has said.
Jurassic World, the new Jurassic Park sequel, has topped the US and China box office in its opening weekend, taking more than $300m (£198m) in its first weekend of release.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of trying to smuggle cocaine with a street value of more than A$2m (Â£1.5m; $2.4m) into the country, her family has said.
Neymar scored the only goal of the game as Barcelona missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as they were beaten by Sevilla at the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium.
Thieves have made off with a number of lawnmowers in a "targeted raid" on an industrial estate in North Lanarkshire, police have said.
Oscars host Neil Patrick Harris will be remembered for more than just his performance at this year's ceremony, which was, in many ways, the worst in the history of the Academy Awards.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said the UK will leave the World Trade Organization (WTO) when it leaves the European Union (EU) in March 2019, but what does that mean for the UK's trade with the rest of the world?
It is 50 years since British toy company Palitoy launched its Action Man line of toys, and the toy is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year.
A light-up replica of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol to mark the university's 100th anniversary.
Scientists have found a way to control the fluid dynamics of liquid glass using a "sewing machine" - a system that mimics the way a thread is woven in a sewing machine.
Roger Federer became the first man to win back-to-back Wimbledon men's singles and doubles titles as he thrashed Richard Gasquet in the final of the doubles to give Switzerland a historic victory over France in Lille.
Drivers have been urged to take care on Scotland's roads as icy conditions continue to cause disruption, with several accidents and travel delays.
Goalkeeper Jamal Blackman produced a string of fine saves as Blackpool and Wycombe shared the spoils in a goalless League Two draw at Bloomfield Road.
A man has been injured in a shooting at a house in Londonderry.
Two two-year-old boys in the US state of Georgia have escaped from their mother's car by driving it down a country road after finding the keys in the floor mat while playing in the front yard, officials say.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with a neck injury in Edinburgh city centre in the early hours of the morning.
The 70th anniversary of a plane crash which claimed the lives of 10 US servicemen and women has been marked in the Isle of Man with a ceremony at the National Memorial Arboretum.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than a decade during oral arguments in a gun case, according to US media reports.
Opponents of a ban on gay marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the US Supreme Court asking it to overturn a lower court ruling that cleared the way for same-sex unions to go ahead.
The finance secretary has been accused of "waffle" by opposition MSPs after he refused to hand over extra information ahead of the publication of the Scottish government's first draft budget.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown is to step down from his role at Edgbaston at the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a two-minute "gravy wrestling" contest in which contestants compete for points in a pool of gravy.
Police investigating the murder of a former IRA man in Belfast have said they are "open minded" about a possible motive for his murder, but have not ruled him out as a suspect.
Former EastEnders star Ross Kemp is to return to the BBC One soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor's character Peggy Mitchell, who is to be killed off later this year.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against car owners whose vehicles were stolen or crashed while they were on duty, the BBC has learned.
A woman has been warned by a sheriff that a second bite by her dog on a postman in Dumfries and Galloway would bring "devastation" if she did not keep it under control.
"There's only one Tony Stewart, and he's the man that saved Rotherham United."
A memorial service has been held in Paris for the 130 people killed in last week's attacks in the French capital, in which 130 people were killed.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders after an MSP resigned from his seat at Holyrood to stand in the general election.
At least one person has been killed and several others injured after a train hit a carriage at a station in the Belgian city of Leuven, near the city of Brussels.
If you're looking for a way to explore the world's most famous cities and landmarks, then you might want to check out this new version of Google Earth.
An Australian golfer has said he is lucky to be alive after being bitten by a crocodile while playing at a golf course in the north of the country.
The mayor of the US city of Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday to reflect its "diversity" by renaming them in a move that has drawn criticism.
Investment in commercial property in the north east of Scotland fell by more than 60% last year as a result of the low oil price, according to a new report.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has mocked Theresa May's Brexit policy by comparing it to the character of Baldrick in one of his favourite comedy characters.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is to get a sequel, Warner Bros has announced, with the first film set to be followed by a second instalment in the series.
A former employee of the Silk Road 2.0 website has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for drug trafficking offences, the US Department of Justice (DoJ) has announced.
The Scottish SPCA is caring for a fox cub that was mistaken for a puppy at a veterinary surgery in Dumfries and Galloway.
Birmingham's Nasser Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Japan's Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
Italian playwright and satirist Dario Fo, one of the world's best-known playwrights, has died at the age of 88 after a long illness.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after it was told it could not film Prime Minister Theresa May's visit to a Cornwall factory because it was a "print media" event.
The deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Rangers chairman Dave Murray and chief executive Dave King have been appointed to the club's board following an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) in Glasgow.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When BBC One's Doctor Foster first aired in 2014, actress Gemma Jones says she thought the drama was "exciting and sexy and thrilling" - but she didn't realise how much it would reveal about the "gravitas" of a family unit falling apart after a divorce.
Racism in football is "on a regular basis" at amateur and grassroots matches in Wales, according to players and clubs, with some claiming they have been racially abused and sent off for the wrong reasons, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
The acting head of a primary school where a former head teacher admitted secretly filming pupils and staff has been told there are further victims who have been contacted by police.
China has accused the US of "militarising" the South China Sea, accusing it of "escalating tensions" in the region and threatening to "aggravate the already tense situation".
Thousands of people have attended an annual gay rights rally in Singapore, despite a religious backlash against the event that falls on the eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
The UK economy is in a dark and chilly waters, and the government is trying to pull it out.
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in towns and cities as they do in farms and nature reserves, according to a study of 7,000 bees and other insects.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was seriously injured when she was attacked by a dog in West Yorkshire.
Indonesian authorities say they have rescued more than 400 Rohingya Muslim migrants who were trying to cross the sea from Myanmar to Malaysia, in a rescue operation that has left dozens of them in hospital.
A railway company has been banned from operating trains on the mainline network after a series of "significant failings" were found to have created a "significant risk" to safety, the rail watchdog has said.
It was delivered by a politician with "big ambitions" - the Chancellor of the Exchequer said it was a "big Budget" - and it was.
South Korea's Kia Motors has been named the best car brand in the world for reliability, according to a study of the world's best-selling brands.
Safid, a five-year-old boy from Afghanistan, is one of thousands of child migrants trying to get to the UK to live with his family.
Key quotes from Northern Ireland politicians on the outcome of the assembly election and the prospects of a new power-sharing executive.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada rose in 2015, with Muslims and Catholics the most commonly targeted religious groups, according to a new report.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi was killed in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in May last year, just over a year after he had been seriously injured in a similar accident at the same race, and his death has been confirmed by his family.
Voters in London will go to the polls on 5 May to choose their preferred candidate to represent their constituency in the London Assembly election.
British Airways chief executive Willie Walsh has said Northern Ireland could benefit from a new air route development fund, if it is set up by the Northern Ireland Executive.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can predict the progression of blood cancers by analysing the length of DNA strands in the cells of patients.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry at a roundabout in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
The US women's national football team will not go on strike over pay, a US judge has ruled, ending a legal battle between the sport's governing body and the players' union.
A giraffe that was held in Belgium for more than two years after being diagnosed with rabies has been allowed into the UK to be re-homed at Chester Zoo.
The wife of BBC Radio Ulster presenter Gerry Anderson has said he would have been "delighted" to be inducted into the Professional Radio Ireland (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled its next Xbox console at E3 earlier this year, Phil Spencer promised two things: a 4K screen and virtual reality.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after the social network failed to remove a page about paedophiles from its website.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar for her performance in The Hateful Eight in 2002, it was one of the biggest nights of her career.
The BBC's Newsnight has been following the migrant crisis in Europe since the start of the year, and one of its reporters has been on a mission to find out more about what's going on in the Channel Tunnel.
A three-member panel has been appointed to investigate events at De La Salle College, the Catholic school at the centre of a long-running dispute between staff and management.
Aliona Vilani, who won this year's Strictly Come Dancing with her partner Jay Z, has ruled herself out of the next series of the show.
William Hague has said the UK will press for "strong international agreement" at the United Nations to tackle the threat posed by Islamist militants in Iraq.
Gonzalo Higuain will only leave Napoli if Arsenal meet the club's release clause in his contract, a Napoli source has said, amid reports linking the Argentina striker with a move to the Premier League.
Iceland's parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would require companies and institutions in the country to implement equal pay programmes for all their employees.
A chronology of key events since more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted from their school in Nigeria's north-eastern town of Chibok last month:.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley in the world - and he's got it on wheels!
A boiler owner has failed in a legal bid to stop the publication of his details as part of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme, the High Court has heard.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe is to be cut by more than half, the government has announced, as part of plans to cut roaming charges for UK consumers.
A woman has been raped outside a car outside the Henley Royal Regatta after leaving the event's grounds, police have said.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.
Bilkis Bano was just 19 years old when she was raped and murdered by a Hindu mob during the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in the western Indian state of Gujarat, which left more than 1,000 people dead.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said his players "didn't want to play" in the Premier League draw at Sunderland because they were "tired" from their "high-intensity" game on Boxing Day.
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised that the DUP's leader in the Northern Ireland Assembly, Arlene Foster, does not know that HIV is a sexually transmitted disease.
More than 1,000 EU citizens from non-UK countries have been wrongly sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright " owes the club a lot" if he leaves the Championship club on a free transfer this summer.
China appears to have deployed surface-to-air missiles on an island in the disputed South China Sea, Taiwan's defence ministry has confirmed to the BBC, while the US says it has learned of the move.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the EU cannot "completely depend" on US President Donald Trump and UK Prime Minister Theresa May, saying the times when it could be "completely reliant" on others are over.
BBC Woman's Hour presenter Helen Thompson has become the first woman to call in sick to work for more than a month every month because she has a period, and has said she has been forced to take time off work because of the pain it causes.
A £1.5bn levy on firms with more than £3m in annual wage bills will be introduced to pay for more apprenticeships, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two MPs have been ordered to pay more than £50,000 in libel damages to a man who accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham and failing to report it.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a general strike across the country on Monday to protest against last week's disputed presidential election, but there has been a mixed response on social media.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a heath-land in Weston-super-Mare.
Air travel is one of the most popular ways for people to get around the world, and many of us look forward to the chance to get away from home for a few days every year.
Greece's former caretaker Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in an explosion in the Paris office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in the French capital, officials say.
The PSNI has said it is "appalled" by "mindless" attacks on police officers in Newry, County Down.
Jockey Sean Levey came from the back of the field to win the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot for the second year in a row.
The father of a four-year-old boy shot and killed by police in the US state of Louisiana was not armed when officers opened fire, his lawyer has said, as mourners gathered for his son's funeral.
Scientists in the US have implanted slugs with GPS trackers to help them track where and how they move in a field of potato slugs in the hope of finding a better way to control the pests.
Denmark reached their first Women's Euro 2017 final by beating Austria 3-0 on penalties after a goalless draw after extra-time in the semi-final in Copenhagen.
The remains of a young girl found in Mexico have been identified as one of the earliest inhabitants of the Americas, according to scientists.
Donald Trump's response to the Washington Post's report that he shared classified information with Russian officials about the so-called Islamic State has been largely the same as it has been for most of his presidency - a wave of the hand on Twitter.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side's defeat at Wembley was "heart-breaking" as they continue to fight for their Premier League survival.
The results of analysis of samples taken from the site of last week's alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria are due to be sent to laboratories around the world, BBC News has learned.
Researchers at Oxford University say they have developed smart glasses that can improve the sight of blind and partially sighted people, and could be used in the home later this year.
The Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief has appeared in court in Iran for the first time since he was arrested in July, accused of spying for the US and spreading propaganda against the country's government.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have successfully bred in a Nottinghamshire quarry for a second year in a row, the RSPB has said.
Reintroduction of sea otters to an estuary in southern California in the 1970s may have helped revive a dying species of seaweed, according to a new study.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law in England and Wales to allow assisted suicide for terminally-ill people.
A man who was caught loading drugs into a wheelie bin in a car in Londonderry has been jailed for more than two years.
The number of infants who died at mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965 has risen to 474, the justice minister has said.
On that Sunday morning, on 27 November 1994, Raith Rovers manager Jimmy Nicholl and his team-mates arrived in Glasgow with a sense of purpose, a belief that they could win the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history.
Physical education should be given the status of a core subject in Welsh schools, according to a new report.
Doctors for terminally ill baby Charlie Gard have asked the High Court for a fresh hearing into whether he should be allowed to have an experimental treatment in the US, where his parents want him to go for treatment.
Children are missing out on the benefits of outdoor learning because it is not part of national curricula in England, according to a report in the British Journal of Education.
Lancashire captain Steve Chapple has been named as assistant coach to former head coach Peter Moores, who has left the club to take up the same role with the England and Wales Cricket Board.
England batsman Alex Hales has refunded a fan who paid £4.10 for a slow over rate during the third day of the second Test against Pakistan at Lord's, after the fan asked for a refund.
The family of a teenager who died after falling into the River Avon has launched an appeal to pay for a memorial to remember other young men who have drowned in the river.
England's emphatic win over Slovenia in Slovenia on Sunday was the perfect way to kick-start their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign - but how far have they come since the World Cup and that defeat by Italy in Manaus a year ago and can they make a serious impact at next summer's tournament?
The father of a woman who was gang-raped and murdered in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been quoted as saying he wants the name of his daughter to be made public.
The war on drugs has cost the United States more than half a trillion dollars in the last 50 years, with more than 600,000 people in jail, and the number of people killed by the drug trade more than five times as high as it was in the 1960s.
The RSPB has delayed the official opening of two new nature reserves in Dorset after heavy rain caused flooding at one of the sites.
Police have said they are investigating a case of "deliberate persecution" of birds of prey in a forest in the Highlands after nests were found abandoned in the area.
A serving Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences as part of an investigation into an alleged plot to make bombs in the UK and Northern Ireland.
Pub and bar chain Brains Brewery has announced plans to open its own chain of coffee shops in the UK, as it looks to diversify its business away from its beer business.
Manchester City have completed the signing of defender Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee, thought to be about £30m.
A man has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of a man who died after being punched in the head at a scooter rally.
It's that time of the year again when we look forward to the arrival of a new week and the start of another week of school holidays and the return of the summer holidays.
The price of oil fell sharply on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand for the fuel was likely to have peaked in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to remain in charge of the national team beyond the 2018 World Cup in Russia, says Football Association of Wales chief executive Martyn Roberts.
A new report has suggested that the world's oldest country is the best place to live, according to those over the age of 60, and the worst is Mozambique.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to sign Burton Albion's England Under-21 midfielder Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
Oscar-winning actor Michael Jordan is set to reprise his role as the Human Torch in Marvel's Black Panther, alongside Oscar-nominated actress Lupita Nyong'o, it has been announced.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car while crossing a bridge in North Ayrshire in the early hours of the morning.
Four men have appeared in court charged in connection with the seizure of more than 167kg of cannabis with an estimated street value of £50m in County Armagh.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for a minimum of 13 years.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection test has told an inquest into his son's death that instructors did not realise his son had gone "off track" on the exercise until after he was due at the next checkpoint.
Shaker Aamer's return to the UK this week marks the end of a chapter in the history of the UK's relationship with the United States, but it also marks the beginning of a new chapter in a story that has lasted for more than a decade.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila said his side looked "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League in the play-off round by Malmo.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered from early losses to close higher, but shares in Barclays fell more than 6% after the bank said its annual pre-tax profit would be lower than expected.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died after suffering a cardiac arrest at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Jamie Shankland scored twice as Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston and move into the Scottish League One play-off places.
Northern Ireland's Jamie McCourt has revealed that he was forced to pull out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in the US in connection with an alleged attempt to manipulate the Libor inter-bank lending rate, the US Department of Justice has said.
Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League last-16 tie at Stamford Bridge to take a 1-0 lead into the second leg of the second qualifying round.
Uganda's Football Association (Fufa) says it is committed to paying coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic all his salary arrears, in a statement to the media.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would "break from the past" in the wake of Ed Miliband's election defeat, calling for the party to "punch well above its weight" in science and innovation.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken to the leader of Taiwan for the first time since the US cut formal diplomatic ties with the island in 1979, his team has said.
Harvard University in the US has agreed to drop the use of the word "master" from its official title, in response to student protests over its links to slavery.
Portugal came from behind to beat Australia 1-1 and reach the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup with a 2-2 draw in their final Group A match in Sochi.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have bulldozed shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in the area known as "Crackland" after a second operation to clear the area of illegal drugs.
Martin McGuinness is to visit World War One battlefields in Belgium and France later this month to mark the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of the conflict.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he will be better next season after admitting his side were "not good enough" to challenge for the Premier League title this season.
Three-time Grand National winner Many Clouds died after suffering a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage" following a race on Saturday, the British Horseracing Authority has said.
It's that time of the year again, when the January transfer window opens and clubs are looking for new players to add to their squad.
The Army has already cut more than 20,000 jobs since 2010 and the government's plan to recruit 30,000 reservists by 2019 has failed to meet targets, a former army commander has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "feel the pressure and responsibility too much" after his side's poor start to the season.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt after the Italian's contract was reportedly terminated by the Russian Football Union.
A British conservationist has accused Maltese hunters of illegally shooting birds of prey, including turtle doves and bitterns, in a "desperate" attempt to boost their numbers.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after she was hit by a car and left in the street by a driver who then drove off, police have said.
Around 70 jobs are at risk at an audio manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire, with the company behind one of the world's oldest loudspeaker brands planning to close the plant and make around 70 staff redundant, it has been confirmed.
Defender Jonny Evans scored a stoppage-time winner as West Brom came from behind to beat 10-man Stoke at The Hawthorns and move off the bottom of the Premier League.
A bus company has called for a "credible" plan to be drawn up before Oxford city centre is pedestrianised to avoid "unbearable" waiting conditions for passengers.
McDonald's is being accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by charging franchisees too much for the use of its restaurants, according to a consumer group.
Former Aston Villa and Burnley midfielder Sid Cowans has left his role as first-team coach at the club after 30 years with the club.
When Tony Blair launched his third general election campaign in 2000, the terror attacks of 9/11 changed the course of British politics.
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Crystal Palace beat Hull City 4-1 at Selhurst Park to secure their place in the Championship next season.
The administrators of Bradford Bulls have said they will not be able to complete a deal to buy the club by the end of the week.
Human remains found in a field in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney, 15 years after she was last seen alive.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thomas Bjork share the lead at the halfway stage of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa after two rounds of the event in Pretoria.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced that he will withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, saying it is a "disaster" for the US economy and "a disaster for the world".
A woman who made a life-sized sponge cake based on Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence has won a prestigious international cake competition for a second time.
Amnesty International has accused the EU of "sugar-coating" a deal with Turkey on the migrant crisis by promising to "scrupulously respect international law" but failing to do so in practice.
The Department of Justice (DoJ) has paid compensation to former pupils who were injured during a loyalist protest outside a north Belfast primary school.
A critical edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since the end of World War Two, 70 years after the author's death.
Pupils at a new primary school in West Lothian were left "like a sauna" when a boiling hot water pipe burst above two classrooms, a local MSP has said.
Mae Prif Weinidog Cymru Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros ar ei chabinet newydd ar hyn o bryd gael ei holi gan y BBC
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Corinthians has collapsed after the Brazilian club said the deal was "impossible".
French rock star Bertrand Cantat has returned to the French music scene with the release of his first album since he was convicted of murdering his lover in 2003, and has been described as a "manifestly narcissistic killer" by one of his critics.
Mae Geraint Thomas o Team Sky wedi dau gymal y Tour de France wedi cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yng Nghaerdydd yn ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted in the hours before he was found with serious head injuries.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii in 1941.
The UCI will investigate a complaint made by a team-mate of one of the riders involved in an incident at the Giro d'Italia over the weekend, the governing body has confirmed.
Students are being warned about the dangers of buying unlicensed drugs online to boost their performance in university exams.
European Union foreign ministers have agreed on a plan to send troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the conflict-hit country, after talks in Brussels.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United and Scotland Under-20 striker Scott Clarkson on a one-month loan deal from Motherwell.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia and inflict a fourth straight La Liga defeat on former England defender Gary Neville's side.
The Wales women's football team have arrived in France for Euro 2016 ahead of their opening match against Slovakia on 11 June.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial game against Manchester City will be streamed live on Facebook ahead of his testimonial match on Saturday, 5 July.
Egyptians have been reacting to the country's referendum on a new constitution, which was approved by more than two-thirds of voters, with some commentators predicting a new political conflict, while others see it as the beginning of a new phase in Egypt's post-revolutionary history.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar last month, killing all 15 people on board, went down in adverse weather, state media report, after the pilot lost control in a storm.
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime" in the European Union.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to "listen up" by an Ulster Unionist MEP in the European Parliament, according to the News Letter, while the Irish News leads with a spate of sudden deaths in Belfast and a bid to recruit more Catholics.
Thousands of people gather in Edinburgh, in Scotland, every year for a big parade, food and fireworks to celebrate the start of the new year.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a 21-year-old man who was hit and killed by a car in Kent on Saturday.
A group of bears at a safari park in the US state of California in America have been caught on camera playing with a toy elephant.
The location of one of the most famous battles of the Roman army in Scotland is to be investigated by Historic Scotland in a bid to find out where it was fought.
Derry manager Joey Barton has said that Brendan Rogers was "shocked" by the incident in which he was injured in Sunday's McKenna Cup final defeat by Tyrone at Croke Park.
Flooding continues to cause severe disruption across parts of central and eastern England after heavy rain caused travel chaos on Wednesday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised by a former presidential candidate for a video in which he shoots Donald Trump in the head with a gun in what is thought to be a spoof of the US president's campaign slogan.
The first of six giant floating offshore wind turbines has been moved into place off the Aberdeenshire coast as part of a Â£190m project to trial the technology in the North Sea.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" as he attempts to win his fourth consecutive PGA Tour title at the Travelers Championship in North Carolina, a week after withdrawing from the Masters with a back injury.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, marking the end of the print edition of the magazine, which has been published in the US for more than 80 years.
The Russian economy is expected to shrink by more than expected in 2015, as the country's economy continues to be hit by the fall in the oil price and Western sanctions.
Home Secretary Theresa May has said "life should mean life" for anyone convicted of killing a police officer, as she announced plans to increase the minimum sentence for murder to life without parole in England and Wales.
The final week of campaigning in the EU referendum campaign in Wales will be dominated by Labour-supporting areas such as Merthyr Tydfil, Caerphilly, Newport and the Vale of Glamorgan.
A man who carried out a "frightening and traumatic" robbery at a Balerno post office and bistro has been jailed for seven years and four months.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny in Fife.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of the squad for next month's Rio Olympics because of a hamstring injury.
HMS Ocean is to be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced, as part of a review of the Royal Navy's aircraft carriers and frigates, the BBC has learned.
The EY Item Club has slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy in the wake of the Brexit vote, saying the vote to leave the European Union will have a "severe impact" on the economy.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jack Mason on loan until the end of the season and Chelsea defender Tom Houghton on a season-long loan deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not "stand back" when there is injustice in the workplace as he told the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) business conference he would be "on the side of the innovators, entrepreneurs and investors".
A report has cleared the former Garda Commissioner (Garda) Michael Callinan and the former justice minister Alan Shatter of any wrongdoing in relation to complaints made by a whistleblower, Sgt Maurice McCabe.
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has increased by more than 50% in the past year, a report has found.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is relishing the prospect of a third Six Nations Grand Slam in four years after feeling "frustrated" by his side's failure to reach the 2011 World Cup final.
"Monty Doherty, here we go again, let's see if you can birdie the last hole."
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup third round win over Peterborough United.
A man suffered "multiple serious injuries" when he was hit by a lorry on the M1 in the early hours of the morning.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to trim his squad next season after his side finished in the top half of the Championship for the first time in five years.
An app that allows people to play computer games on their mobile phones has been criticised by a children's charity for being too easy for children to misuse.
A man has been found guilty of attacking a 73-year-old man with a car and dragging him along the driveway of his home before stealing a TV from his ex-partner's flat.
International students from outside the UK spend more than £1.5bn in Scotland each year, according to a report by accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC).
Derry City suffered their first Premier Division defeat of the season as they were beaten 2-1 by Harps at Finn Park on Saturday night.
An extra 130,000 secondary school places will be needed in England by September 2017 to deal with a shortage in primary schools, the Local Government Association has warned.
A £50m link road linking the east of Cardiff to the coast is set to open to traffic on Thursday, the Welsh Government has said.
Within minutes, water cannon showered the demonstrators and there were loud thuds as tear gas canisters were fired in the direction of a group of young men who had gathered outside a mosque on the outskirts of Cairo to protest against the government of Hosni Mubarak.
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has said she was thrown off a Nottingham tram after being mistaken for another passenger on the same day it was named in her honour.
The mother of a man who was convicted of stalking pop star Lily Allen has said she had no idea her son had a "fantasy" fixation with the singer, who has been diagnosed with paranoid delusional schizophrenia.
West Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said she wants to look at the feasibility of bringing East Sussex's and West Sussex's fire services under the same authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest £3.5m to expand and improve its factory in the south west of Scotland.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow in the early hours of the morning, police have said.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbian Football Association and England's Football Association over incidents during and after England's European Under-21 Championship play-off win over Serbia in Krusevac in October 2012.
Johnny Depp's management company is suing the actor for $25m (£20m) after accusing him of failing to live within his means and failing to pay his taxes, according to reports.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been named as the county's new head coach for the 2017 T20 Blast season.
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said he is "not against organ donation" but does not want his successor to think he is against it.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said he wants Wales to be "central" to the debate on the future of the UK after the Scottish independence referendum.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City left-back Jordan Houghton on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months.
Tommy Quigley scored a stunning second-half winner as The New Saints eased past Livingston to book their place in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
A Conservative-run council in Surrey has proposed a 15% rise in council tax for 2017-18, saying it has "no choice" but to do so because of a "huge gap" in the government's funding.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia, which he says could help boost the economy of the country's diaspora.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated from the Football League for the first time in their history after a 3-2 defeat by Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen for the second month in a row, official figures have shown, with Italy's rate at its highest since records began in 2001.
A Russian submarine has been forced to leave the area of an aircraft carrier-led flotilla of warships in the eastern Mediterranean after being spotted by anti-submarine ships, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie and has played down speculation linking him with the Rangers job.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in a row, winning the competition for the second time in three years.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row, taking the number one spot from Calvin Harris and Disciples' How Deep Is Your Love.
Up to 20,000 Syrians displaced by the conflict in their country have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey, the UN says, as the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad advances on rebel-held areas.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash south of the capital, Mexico City, officials say.
Voters in Kenya have been casting their ballots for the first time since the violence-hit elections of 2007, in which more than 1,000 people were killed.
Celtic's Champions League qualifier against Linfield will take place on the weekend of 11/12 July, BBC Sport has learned.
Bristol Airport is to close for several weekends each weekend for the next six months to allow engineers to refurbish its runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest in what police are treating as a suspected attempted murder.
Tributes have been paid to Carmen Beckford, the founder of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, who has died at the age of 90.
Derby County have signed defender Ben Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £1.5m, on a two-year deal.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has sprung up to encourage people to read more - but are they good for the books or are they just a way for celebrities to show they are intelligent people who should be reading?
Former Republic of Ireland rugby star David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife after a court heard she claimed he appeared at the kitchen window of their Belfast home while a male friend was present.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia back row Nic White and Jersey captain Nick Freeman for the 2017-18 season.
Burundi is the largest country in East Africa and one of the world's poorest, with an average annual income of just over $1.5m (Â£1.1m).
The chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board has said he is "hugely impressed" by the way the families of patients at a Denbighshire hospital have reacted to the "horrific" treatment of some of their loved ones.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan is not reappointed as Scotland manager next month.
A strike by Merseyrail conductors will take place on the day of the Grand National in April, the RMT union has said, after talks with the rail company broke down.
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by the popular Afghan singer-songwriter Ghulam Mohammad Sayeed, despite death threats from those who say her music is "disrespectful" to the country's traditional culture.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after being stopped by a police car on the M1 in Suffolk.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game-changer" for the UK arts scene, with more than 40 million people participating, a new report has said.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Matt Raggett scored a late winner as National League play-off hopefuls Dover Athletic came from behind to beat Welling United and boost their hopes of avoiding relegation from the National League.
(Close): The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed lower on Wednesday, with shares in Wal-Mart among the biggest fallers as investors continued to sell off the retail giant's shares ahead of the Christmas holidays.
More than 1,000 potholes in Northumberland have been filled in with the help of a fleet of pothole-treating machines.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in north London.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man in connection with a shooting on a popular nude beach in the south of the country after a group of naturists were forced to flee when a man threatened them with a rifle.
Chinese woman have been debating whether or not they should shave their armpits, after the country's first female beauty queen, Zhang Ziyi, said she would not shave her armpit.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to become the first Briton to climb Mount Everest as part of a research project.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Cairo and Alexandria to protest against Egypt's decision to hand over two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia in a controversial deal last month.
Shares in Sports Direct have fallen sharply after the retailer said the fall in the value of the pound overnight would have a "negative impact" on its full-year results.
Ed Sheeran's Top Gear appearance on Sunday will be the first time he's driven a car on a race track - and it didn't go too well.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a commentator on two of the network's US TV channels.
One in seven patients in Wales is waiting more than a year for surgery, the equivalent of one in seven people in the country, surgeons' leaders have warned.
A former teacher at a Cardiff mosque has gone on trial accused of sex offences against young girls.
British number one Johanna Konta is through to the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open for the first time in her career after reaching the quarter-finals for the second year in a row.
For centuries, the legend of Zheng He, one of China's most famous explorers, has faded from public consciousness, but now the Chinese government is resurrecting it as part of its diplomatic efforts to build a relationship with Africa.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths could be in line for a Wales call-up for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Silverstone is to end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019, with a break clause in the deal that will see it lose £12m if it does not agree a new deal by 2019.
The desk and chair used by Charles Dickens to write his final novel, The Pickwick Papers, is to go on display for the first time after being bought by a museum thanks to a £1.5m grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended a constitutional assembly set up by parliament to draft a new constitution, saying it is "illegal" and "unrepresentative" of the population.
Footballers will be banned from wearing undergarments which show political, religious or personal slogans under a new law passed by Fifa.
If you want to be a cricketer, what do you do if you're short and have a good off-spin bowler's gift for turning the ball into a wicketkeeper-batsman?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to drop its investigation into Apple over allegations of tax avoidance, saying it risks turning into a "supra-national tax authority" for the EU.
Giselle Ansley, Sophie Bray and Shona McCallin have been named in the Great Britain women's squad for this summer's Rio Olympics.
More than £30m is to be spent on a range of regeneration projects in north Wales, including revamping town centre centres and building new homes and shops.
The House of Commons has launched a new website to allow people to sign and submit e-petitions to Parliament, replacing the old website which was revamped in 2011.
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial figures in the history of science, but his achievements in the field of genetic engineering have been hailed as the most significant since the discovery of DNA.
A "black alert" has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall due to "unprecedented" demand for beds and services.
Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their second Pool C match at the Rugby World Cup as New Zealand beat Kenya to go top of Pool C.
It is not the done thing to interfere in the internal affairs of a member state after all and Britain is still a member of the European Union, but Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will be standing in the UK general election has sent shockwaves across Europe.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and sexual assault of a woman at Maghaberry Magistrates' Court.
The Scottish government has announced a £10m fund to help people made redundant by the downturn in the North Sea oil and gas industry to retrain for new jobs.
A £1.5m cycling centre is to be built at Pembrey Country Park in Powys, it has been announced.
A man armed with a gun threatened a security guard with a knife before stealing a cash box from a van outside a supermarket in West Lothian, police have said.
Celtic Energy has agreed to help pay for the clean-up of two of its former mines in south Wales, the chairman of the Welsh Labour Party has said.
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau ddydd Sadwrn.
Jose Mourinho suffered his first defeat as Manchester United manager as Chelsea thrashed him on his return to Stamford Bridge on his first return to the club as a Chelsea boss.
When the Channel 4 show Skins came to an end 10 years ago, it was one of the most popular shows of its kind in the UK, with millions of viewers tuning in to watch the drama as it followed the lives of a group of teenagers in the 1980s and 90s.
Police Scotland's most senior officer has defended the use of armed officers, saying they were "entirely appropriate" when confronted with a knife-wielding man in Edinburgh.
There is a strange phenomenon going on in the financial markets that is very strange and very unusual.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 15-month-old girl in a park after she was chased off by members of the public, police have said.
A black comedy directed by Robert Carlyle is to be the opening night film at this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF), it has been announced.
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish Wildlife Trust nest, following the death of its long-time resident.
Britain would be "stronger" in the European Union if it was outside the bloc, the outgoing president of the European Commission has said, as the Conservatives accused him of "dismissing" the UK.
Growth in global energy use slowed to its slowest pace in more than a decade in 2014, according to a new report from oil giant BP.
A new national standard for infant cremations could be introduced after an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return ashes to bereaved families, the justice minister has said.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season as he continues to recover from a knee injury, according to his club director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, in a vote seen as a referendum on the country's pro-Russian policies.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will consider his future at the club if there is not a long-term plan for the club's future.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach after being told it is known locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan, rather than Black Rock Sands.
A 20-year-old woman from Dorset who has been missing in Thailand for more than a month has contacted her family to say she is safe and well and wants to come home.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre in the early hours of Sunday morning.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" and "politics of the gutter" as he called on Welsh Labour to "reject the Tories' terrible insult to people who work day in, day out to save and improve lives".
The head of Queen's University Belfast has said the country needs to make "critical decisions" about the future of higher education if it is not to lose the graduates it needs to fill jobs in the future.
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for taking more than four dogs for a walk after a council introduced a new law banning packs of up to six.
Victims of child abuse at the Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast are taking the government to court in a bid to force it to hold a public inquiry into the scandal.
Three British tourists who were missing in Nepal when a 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit the country last week have been flown back to the UK, their family has said.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have achieved a "huge achievement" by reaching the top tier of European competition, says head coach Gareth Clements.
Two second-half goals from Oisin MacNiallais helped Donegal to a 4-13 to 0-13 win over 10-man Fermanagh in Sunday's Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Chris Martin will not be sent back to Derby County and will stay at Craven Cottage for the rest of the season.
Uganda's Mubende district in the north-east of the country is home to some of the world's largest illegal gold mines, but the government has shut them down, forcing hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped his target of returning the UK's public finances to a surplus by 2020, saying the economy is "too uncertain" for him to meet it.
Fifa's annual congress in Zurich will elect a new president on Friday, with Sepp Blatter set to step down as head of world football's governing body.
Two men have been jailed for more than 20 years for attacking a university lecturer with a hammer and hammer during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will face Super League rivals Leeds Rhinos in the Million Pound Game semi-finals of the Challenge Cup, after both sides won their quarter-final matches on Sunday.
More than 1,500 taxi and private hire car drivers with criminal histories have been granted licences in Scotland in the past year, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
John Cleese's Alimony Tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a lecture tour more than a comedy tour", while another has accused him of "pleading penury".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Diego Macheda on loan for the rest of the season, subject to a 24-hour recall clause in his contract.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo has travelled to Bangladesh to find out more about the people-smuggling racket that has seen tens of thousands of migrants die trying to reach Malaysia and Thailand over the past few years.
A Scottish woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour in the early hours of the morning after being unable to go out to see the spectacular display due to illness.
A former Sussex Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for six years.
An ultramarathon has taken place in Hong Kong for the first time, despite criticism of its "monotonous" and "quite boring" course.
More than 50 jobs are at risk at a distribution centre in Carmarthenshire after the company that runs it said it was selling the site to a new provider.
In South Africa, a growing number of schools are adopting e-learning and social media as part of their curriculum, with many of the country's primary schools using apps and social networking sites to connect with pupils and teachers online.
A Perth woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account to fund her gambling habit.
(Close): US stocks closed at record highs on Friday after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added a stronger-than-expected number of jobs in July.
How many nurses and midwives do we have and how many do we need in the NHS in England?
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have said they have been left "devastated" by the closure of the store.
Mobile phone network Three has become the first in the UK to abolish roaming charges for its customers travelling outside the European Union, in a deal that applies to customers in eight countries.
Thai police investigating the murder of two British tourists in Thailand say there is no evidence against two Burmese men they had arrested on suspicion of involvement.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be standing for re-election as mayor of London, saying he is "not in a position to be prime minister at the moment to make a decision on that".
A UK charity has set up a virtual doctors project in Zambia, using volunteers in the UK to support health workers in the country who are thousands of miles away from a hospital, using an app on a smartphone or tablet computer.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and then stabbed in a street attack in Manchester have paid tribute to a " composed and caring son".
If you were to ask David Thirlwell what inspired him to start his own business, he would probably tell you that he was inspired by the success of his father's chocolate business.
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden's body has been buried at sea in the Arabian Sea, in accordance with Islamic law, after he was killed in a gun battle with US special forces in May 2011.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with mining stocks leading the way after a strong start to the week, helped by a rise in mining shares and strong results from Legal & General and Ryanair.
The jury in the trial of the former president of the Republic of Ireland, Seán Murphy, has retired to consider its verdict in a tax case against him.
Hundreds of thousands of small firms are to get a tax cut of up to £15,000 a year under government plans to cut business rates, the chancellor has announced.
Scarlets winger Ken Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to be included in Wales' World Cup squad, according to ex-Wales captain Martyn James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a two-year contract extension to remain with the county for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl who was found dead 21 years ago have said they have made a "leap forward" in their search for her killer.
Shrewsbury Town have re-signed midfielder Liam McGinty on a one-year contract after he impressed on loan from fellow League Two side Grimsby Town last season.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at a training session.
Tens of thousands of Palestinians have clashed with Israeli troops in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, hours after restrictions were lifted on access to a holy site in the city.
Booking.com, the world's biggest online travel booking service, is facing a €356m (Â£280m; $355m) tax bill from the French government, the company has said.
Taxi-hailing service Uber has criticised proposals by London's transport authority which it says would lead to a five-minute wait for customers to be able to hail a car in the capital.
Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the Tour de France for seven years after a stunning time-trial victory on Saturday's 20th and final stage.
The UN children's fund has accused Nigeria's army of detaining at least 10 children as part of its counter-insurgency operations against Boko Haram militants.
Olympic silver medallist Katie Murray recovered from a poor start to reach the final of the women's individual sabre at the World Aquatics Championships in the penultimate day of qualifying.
US carmaker Hyundai has offered to extend car loans and lease payments to federal employees who are affected by the government shutdown, in an effort to help them cope with the impact on their budgets.
Taylor Swift has been accused by a British photographer of "giving her work away for free" following her row with Apple Music over music streaming.
A father who won a legal battle for taking his daughter on holiday during term time has raised more than Â£1,000 to pay for legal fees for his legal team.
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina has been ordered to appear in court after she refused to issue marriage licences to two gay couples, saying her Christian faith prevented her from doing her job.
For many countries, the Paralympic Games are seen as a place where the world's best athletes compete - and where the rest of the world watches and waits to see if they have what it takes to make it to the next Games.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI) and the Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott for failing to protect the security of police officers under investigation.
Scotland's local authorities have cut their spending on school crossing patrol services by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Japan's Nikkei share index closed lower on Monday, as the yen strengthened against the US dollar after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates and shares in Toshiba fell on reports of a record loss for the electronics giant.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced that Tube, tram, bus and rail fares will not rise for the next four years as part of a four-year plan to freeze public transport fares in the capital.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has admitted that the party's campaign for Scottish independence was "flawed" over the issue of the pound.
One of the world's most valuable pieces of opal has gone on display in South Australia for the first time, 70 years after it was discovered by a miner's son.
A mysterious mudbank made up of human remains has been uncovered off the Kent coast, where a group of prisoners of war were buried in unmarked coffins more than 200 years ago and now their remains are being washed out into the sea.
It's News Day, the BBC's annual celebration of the work of our School Reporters, and this year's event has brought back some of the most memorable stories from the past 12 months.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "clearly breaching constitutional principle" after he appeared to criticise his party's policy on nuclear weapons.
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief, Condé Nast has announced.
A machine has been developed in Thailand to judge the best versions of classic Thai food, and it has been put to the test in the city of Bangkok, where it has found that it can score some of the city's best-loved dishes, writes the BBC's Tom Thompson.
The use of physical punishment of children should be banned in Scotland and the UK, according to a new report by academics at University College London.
Worcester Warriors head coach Steve Paver says he had "a few doubts" about the fitness and form of young player Jack Chapman before he made his first start for the club against Ospreys on Saturday.
Newcastle moved back to the top of the Championship with a hard-fought victory over Aston Villa at St James' Park, who remain without a league win this season.
Rangers boss Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him as Celtic manager.
The partner of a transgender woman who died in prison has called for an inquiry into her death after she wrote a letter in which she said she "didn't want to be here no more", the BBC has learned.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns in its aviation sector.
The new Ghostbusters remake has received a mixed response from critics, with some saying it is funnier than the original and others saying it has been unfairly attacked for its female-led cast.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in East Lothian.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay an extra £5,520 a year in stamp duty from next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
The M8 motorway was closed in both directions for several hours after a fire broke out on a fuel tanker on the westbound carriageway of the motorway near Lesmahagow in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Eden Project, the project to build a £100m underground museum and aquarium on the Jurassic Coast, has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Isle of Man government has said it is "concerned" about safety concerns at the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant, but has not called for a full inspection of the site.
Giannelli Imbula scored on his Stoke City debut as the Potters eased to victory over Bournemouth in the Premier League for the first time this season.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a man who later killed himself has said he has been "shut down all the way" in a police investigation into the case.
Oldham Athletic have become the first team in English football to offer free entry to supporters for their League One match against Brentford on Saturday, when the game is played at the club's home ground.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore (Bombay) have detained a group of people protesting against the arrest of a French envoy over the alleged rape of a young girl, after a complaint was lodged against him by his wife.
Britain's Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the Para-cycling World Championships in the Bahamas with victory in the women's scratch event on Saturday.
A second man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in a bomb attack in County Tyrone 10 years ago.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon says, targeting the group in the country's north-eastern province of Raqqa.
A man who shone a laser pen into the cockpit of a police helicopter while it was flying over Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, suggesting that the world's second largest economy may be on a recovery path.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer with his 10,000th point for the team.
A man serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two more girls.
The story of the assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich by British special forces during World War Two has been made into a film which has just gone on general release.
A chronology of key events:. the Republic of Iceland was proclaimed on June 17th, 1944, and is a member of Nato and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted they took a banned prescription drug during a "bonding exercise" at the London 2012 Games.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren has taken place at St Paul's Cathedral in Manchester for the soap's longest-serving actor, Ken Barlow.
Fiji is one of the world's smallest countries, with a population of just over 100,000, and is the only Pacific nation not to have experienced a coup since the end of British colonial rule in the 1980s.
The Scottish government has said it is "open to working together" with a Chinese consortium after reports a £10bn infrastructure deal with them has collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry after being poisoned, police have said.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has held talks with ministers from the European Economic Area (EFTA) about the possibility of Scotland joining the group, BBC Scotland has learned.
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike in protest after they were barred from taking part in regional elections for the Siberian region of Yakutsk.
Somerset took three early wickets on the opening day of their Division Two match against Hampshire at Taunton as Hampshire's batting collapsed on day one of the day-night game.
South Africa is considering removing Christmas Day from its public holiday calendar in a bid to make it more equal to other religious holidays in the country, according to a law reform commission.
Three men have been arrested after a nativity doll was stolen from a display outside a church in Dundee.
Nigeria's main opposition party has suffered its biggest defeat since military rule ended in 1999, in elections for state governors and state assemblies.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Stanley Park at Anfield and Goodison Park in north-west Liverpool, with a capacity of up to 50,000.
Carlitos Tevez has completed his move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG from Manchester United and Juventus, reports BBC Radio Solent.
A public clothing order has been issued against "rambling naked" campaigner Stephen Gough, who has been jailed twice for outraging public decency.
The fundraising appeal to restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Mackintosh building has been boosted by a further £250,000 donation from the Hugh Fraser Foundation.
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves opened their Championship season with victory over Middlesbrough at Molineux.
Bristol have appointed Mark Tainton as acting head coach following the suspension of Steve Robinson following their "extremely disappointing" start to the Premiership season.
Mae'r Scarlets yn rhydd i chwarae ei gêm olaf i'r Saracens yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad ar gyfer y
It's often said that "clouds" are like the misty, misty clouds that float in the ether, gathering information and processing it all at the same time, all in one place.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the impact of the eurozone crisis on Iceland, Cyprus and Greece.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for making him and his wife "so welcome" and said he will miss the island "tremendously" when he leaves it when his search and rescue tour of duty comes to an end.
In the space of a few days last month, Mexican journalists Miroslava Breach and Salvador Adame, two of the country's best-known journalists, were shot dead in their own homes.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, has reported better-than-expected profits in the third quarter, helped by strong sales in China.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games for the first time, it has been announced.
A vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill in the US House of Representatives has been called off after a last-ditch effort to pass it collapsed.
As George and Amal Clooney welcome their newborn babies into the world, we take a look at some of the reactions on social media to the news that they have named their children Ella, Alexander and Alexander Clooney.
A law firm representing survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire has said it is "taken extremely seriously" after it was accused of putting up a poster offering free legal advice to people who survived the blaze.
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol are now "considerably higher" than in similar prisons, according to an inspection report.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is facing a $25 (Â£20) lawsuit alleging it is violating a law requiring it to offer free admission to the public by charging full price for some visitors.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has denied she is not a "progressive" after her rival, Bernie Sanders, accused her of taking $15m (Â£9.5m) from Wall Street and not being a progressive enough.
Alloa Athletic have appointed John Ross as their new head coach on a two-year contract after the departure of Jim McIntyre.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" if he will be able to get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying his country is "so innocent" and has "a lot of killers".
Swansea City defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top-class defender, according to manager Paul Clement.
Plans to build a gravel quarry on "ancient woodland" in Derbyshire are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England that the Woodland Trust has seen in its 42-year history", a conservation charity has said.
Bog snorkelling will be one of the main attractions at this year's National Games of Wales in Gwynedd, which will also include a 10km (6.5 miles) walk down a bog and a 5km (3.2 miles) cycle ride.
Former American football star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend, who says he hit her while they were on honeymoon in Mexico last month.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out holding an independence referendum this year, saying she is still seeking a "compromise solution" to the issue in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A survivor of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was asked by police to change his statement about the death of a Liverpool fan after he tried to save him, the court has heard.
The chairman of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service has said he made "well-founded" complaints to the Home Office about "serious and persistent" allegations of misconduct at the fire authority.
The FTSE 100 share index has closed higher for the first time in four days, after a week of volatility on China's stock markets.
Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel headed a Mercedes one-two in the second practice session.
The Forth Road Bridge should be operational and open to all traffic on completion of urgent repair work by the end of the festive season, the transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend by the trust left patients at Southend University Hospital "at risk", NHS watchdog Monitor has said.
More than 1,000 packets of cigarettes have been found dumped on a road in Dorset in what police are treating as a "suspicious" case.
Comedian and TV presenter Jenny Toksvig has said she is a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows, despite the BBC banning all-male panel shows.
An investigation into a fatal helicopter crash in Norway last month has found evidence of fatigue in the gearbox of the same model of helicopter that was involved in a similar crash in Scotland in April.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has continued to rise, according to new figures from Scottish Borders Council.
Domestic abusers who commit violent crimes are to be offered therapy to help them avoid prison, under plans to be piloted in three areas of England and Wales.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles is in line to replace injured Hallam Amos in Wales' back-three for their Six Nations match against Italy in Cardiff on 5 February.
Anthony Joshua's fight with Wladimir Klitschko is the "perfect time" for him to become undisputed world heavyweight champion, says former world champion Lennox Lewis.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action against a fans' forum over comments made on it by the club's chairman and chief executive, the club has confirmed.
A 21-year-old man who died after his car crashed into a tree in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Derry suffered their first All-Ireland SFC final defeat of the season as they were beaten 2-18 to 1-17 by Mayo in extra-time in Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith's "courage" after the captain returned to the side following a spell on the sidelines.
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbikes title as he finished second in race two at Aragon as Chaz Davies won the second race of the season.
More than 20% of independent school students in England took extra time to complete their GCSE and A-level exams last year because of special needs or disabilities, official figures show.
England and South Sydney Rabbitohs half-back Joe Burgess has taken part in a trial for the New York Giants, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Doncaster maintained their 100% start to the League Two season as they came from three goals down to beat Stevenage and go top of the table.
Nepal is the only country in the world where more than two million people are unable to acquire citizenship because they do not have an official document to prove that they are citizens.
Castleford Tigers moved to within two points of Super League leaders Salford Red Devils with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at the KCOM Stadium.
West Ham's final game at the Boleyn Ground ended in disaster as they were knocked out of the Premier League by Manchester United in a game of high drama and high drama.
The opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France will be held in the German city of Berlin, organisers have announced.
A mental health watchdog has accused NHS Lothian of "serious concerns" over the care of dementia patients at one of Scotland's largest hospitals.
Eight people have been charged in connection with a £10m sex ring which allegedly ran brothels across the UK, police have said.
A lawyer for former Guatemalan army general Efrain Rios Montt has been shot dead while trying to defend the general in a retrial for genocide, officials say.
Oscar-winning film producer John Chartoff, who produced Rocky and Raging Bull, has died at the age of 83.
The 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup final victory over West Germany has been marked with a commemoration in London.
A dedicated unit to tackle online hate crime in London has been set up by the mayor of the capital.
If you want to browse the internet more securely, but you don't want anyone to know where you are going, then you might want to consider setting up a VPN server at home.
Shares in Danish brewer Carlsberg have fallen sharply after the company said it expects full-year profits to be lower than expected because of a drop in sales in Ukraine and Western Europe.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos say they are "more desperate than ever" to find out what happened to him more than 20 years ago.
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff in England and Wales are to stage a series of strikes in a dispute with the government over cuts to transport services.
Cambridge United and 10-man Carlisle United played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park as both sides were reduced to 10 men in the second half of their League Two game.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent say they will make a formal complaint to the Electoral Commission over the government's announcement that the site will be sold to a US firm.
In a small hospital in Bambari, in the Central African Republic (CAR), doctors and nurses are working through the night to save the lives of civilians who have been caught up in the violence that has spread across the country, as the BBC's Andrew Walker reports from the city.
Former WBA and IBF world super-middleweight champion Carl Froch says he wants to return to the ring before the end of the year.
The debate on the future of the arts in the House of Commons was dominated by the issue of funding for regional theatres, with Conservative MP David Quince making an impassioned plea for more money for the West End.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, in what is believed to be the earliest such system to form in the region since records began in 1910.
The Queen has promised a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement for Wales in her Queen's Speech, as she called for a "workable" bill to re-write how the country is governed to be published "as early as possible".
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors that will keep him at Scotstoun until the end of the 2018-19 season.
A speaker was carried in a car as part of a £5m conspiracy to supply heroin worth more than £1m, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food at least once in the past year, according to a survey by a charity.
A council has said it has had to place six children in residential care outside of Kent because it cannot cope with the number of asylum seekers coming into its care.
Rugby players deserve to earn more money, says the head of the players' union, despite their new five-year contract worth more than £1.5m a year.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for five years for running a "significant" cannabis farm for more than three years.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a 10-foot (3.5-m) rattlesnake that escaped from a Florida home and is on the loose.
The Football Association of Northern Ireland's Disciplinary Committee has upheld a three-match ban handed to Glenavon's Mark Novo for his red card against Glentoran in the Irish Premiership game at Windsor Park on Saturday.
Two men who died when the light aircraft they were travelling in crashed on a farm in Powys have been named by police as 22-year-olds from Cheshire.
Northamptonshire took five wickets in the final session to end day two of their Division Two match against Kent in a draw at Canterbury as the hosts were bowled out for a first-innings total of 146.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of aiding the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt has begun in Cairo, with the prosecution playing a series of video clips from the network's English channel.
The UK's Supreme Court is due to rule on whether a couple can sue the government over claims they were tortured by MI6 under the so-called extraordinary rendition programme.
The granddaughter of a New Zealand man who died in a plane crash has said she is still waiting for a visa application to be fast-tracked, six months after her application was rejected.
A man has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act after being found not guilty of attempted murder by reason of insanity for stabbing a Muslim man on a train.
A landslip on the A835 Ullapool road in the Highlands has been the latest in a series of landslips to hit roads across Scotland as heavy rain continues to batter the country.
The Welsh Government has said it is "extremely concerned" about the BBC's plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios in Wales.
Comedian Paddy Dodd has topped a list of the best-selling records of the 1960s, beating The Beatles' She Loves You to the number one spot, according to the Official Charts Company.
Eight-time TT winner Alan Hutchinson suffered a broken leg in a crash during the Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT on Saturday.
At the top, but not in the inner circle - theresa May's former chief of staff, Baroness Warsi, has been a key figure in the Conservative Party for more than a decade, and has been one of the party's most high-profile female MPs.
World number one Novak Djokovic and his doubles partner Milos Raonic have been knocked out of the Olympic men's doubles in the second round.
A former CIA station chief who was jailed in Italy for his role in the abduction and torture of a terror suspect has been extradited from Panama to the US, US officials say.
Gloucester's Jamie Milkins says he felt "under a lot of pressure" after ending a five-match losing streak with a first-round win at the UK Championship.
Gardaí (Irish police) are carrying out searches in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of Irish boxer Michael Byrne.
The pitch for the 2017 Champions League final has been unveiled ahead of the game in Cardiff.
The future of the Newport Ship is set to be safeguarded after the council agreed to rent a warehouse to store it in a bid to save it from being destroyed.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged over an alleged assault on a reporter at a rally, the Republican presidential candidate's campaign has said.
Two men have pleaded guilty to health and safety breaches following the death of a man who was crushed when two pallet stacks of coal fell on top of him at a fuel depot in March 2013.
Thousands of people in Southampton are being forced to live in "unlicensed" rented homes because of a shortage of affordable homes, Shelter has said.
Pepper, the humanoid robot created by Japanese firm Softbank, is to be deployed in two Belgian hospitals as part of a pilot programme to help patients in the reception area.
Malnutrition was a factor in the deaths of 828 patients in hospitals and care homes last year, according to official figures.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has said a planned march by former soldiers in Londonderry is an "act of pure provocation" and "totally insensitive" to the city's nationalist population.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country, saying it is "pained" that industrialists are being forced to leave the country to take up jobs in the US and other countries.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has been cleared by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after failing to attend a disciplinary hearing over comments he made about the Ivorian Football Federation's new president.
Human remains have been found by a cyclist in East Lothian which police are treating as "unexplained" after the discovery of the remains of a woman who went missing more than a decade ago.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson hopes the club's transfer embargo will be lifted by the end of next week, with the club set to sign new players.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, causing the roof to collapse and damaging two gas cylinders.
Mohamed Elyounoussi and Peter Ruud scored late goals as Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland suffered a 3-0 defeat by Norway in a friendly at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during her visit to Moscow, in a rare meeting between a foreign leader and a presidential candidate.
A 25-year-old man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named by police as James Hunter, who died from a single gunshot wound to the chest.
David Cameron has said the UK will never be part of a "European superstate" after reaching a deal with EU leaders on reforming the country's membership of the bloc.
A discount bus pass scheme for young people in Wales is to be extended after the Welsh Government announced it was to be scrapped, the economy secretary has said.
A woman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer to fund her lavish lifestyle has been ordered to pay back more than half of the money.
Aberdeen and London-based engineering firm Aker Solutions is to cut hundreds of jobs as part of a global reorganisation, it has been announced.
E-commerce giants such as eBay and Gumtree could be targeted by the taxman in a bid to crack down on the so-called "hidden economy", it has been claimed.
Do you know how many tonnes of gold, silver and other treasure have been found in the UK in the last few years?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral on social media in Japan, attracting more than 44m views in less than a week.
A rugby player who died after a clash with an opponent suffered a bleed on the brain when she collapsed on the pitch died as a result of a blood clot, an inquest has heard.
Claudio Ranieri's first Premier League game in charge of Leicester City ended in a goalless draw as Southampton maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory at the King Power Stadium.
When Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first met in the 1980s, they were both photographing the graffiti that was taking place in New York's subway system.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble that marred England's Euro 2016 qualifier against them at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Relegation to the National League would be "devastating" for Newport County and the city of Newport, according to the club's chief executive David Foxall.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot this winter and hopes to return to the top of the world rankings next year after a long-term injury lay-off.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" of two women he knew on an adult website has been jailed for six months.
The Republic of Ireland's embassy in the United States raised concerns about The Quiet Man in 1952 over fears it would be seen as a "rollicking farce" by Irish-Americans, according to newly-released documents.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial unit in Bridgend county.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent Italian-born lawyer who was shot dead in the city where he worked as a lawyer for organised crime bosses.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Ben Flower after he was banned for punching a player in the head.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged by a leading human rights campaigner to close offshore detention centres for asylum seekers after allegations of rape and abuse by staff.
A 90-year-old mobility scooter rider has been taken home by police after he was stopped by officers on a motorway for driving the wrong way down a dual carriageway at more than 100mph (160km/h).
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first professional football stadium as he made his first official visit to the country as president of world football's governing body.
Derek McInnes was a key factor in Shay Logan's decision to sign a new contract at Pittodrie, according to the defender.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to remember those who have died while serving their country at Cardiff's World War One Memorial.
Avengers director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, saying he had reached "rock bottom" in his addiction to the micro-blogging site.
The organisation that has produced the Moby laptop for poor children in developing nations has been awarded a $1.5m (Â£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of the device.
Car owners in the US will be able to modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright laws, under new rules approved by the Library of Congress.
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a "mild heart attack" during the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida, his agent has said.
Australia reached the Women's World Twenty20 final for the first time with a five-wicket victory over England in a thrilling semi-final in India.
Oil prices have fallen sharply after a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) failed to agree to cut production, sending the price of the commodity plummeting.
The Soloist office block in Belfast city centre has been bought by a London-based investment fund, according to reports.
When US President Barack Obama meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week, it will be the first face-to-face meeting between the two leaders since Edward Snowden revealed the extent of the US National Security Agency's electronic surveillance programme.
World number one Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a two-shot victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill in Florida.
At the Red Cross offices in South Sudan's capital, Juba, I am greeted by the familiar sight of the brightly-coloured windows of the headquarters of the organisation, set in a sun-baked field in the middle of a scorching afternoon.
After being attacked with acid by a gang of men in the Indian city of Mumbai, Ayesha Bhat was taken to hospital where she lost her sight in one eye and had to have both her legs amputated.
Police have said they are treating the deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, as "unexplained" after post mortem examinations found no evidence of carbon monoxide poisoning.
There was no change of tone, no acknowledgement of any fresh message the voters had sent Mrs May, bar a passing reference to opportunity and fairness that echoed her speech on the eve of the general election campaign in which she said she would be prime minister "over the next five years".
The Scottish government is to bring in a statutory requirement for the number of nurses and midwives working in the NHS in Scotland to be at minimum levels.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media claim that the country is free of neo-Nazis and fascists, and that far-right parties did not win a single seat in last month's general election.
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach an agreement after talks in Brussels failed to break the deadlock over austerity measures demanded by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Doctors treating Ashya King, the five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia who was taken from England to the Czech Republic for treatment, have told the BBC they fear his condition could worsen if he is not given chemotherapy in England.
Dogs could be banned from some public spaces in Wrexham under plans being considered by the council, the RSPCA has said.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the A55 near Bangor in Gwynedd.
Portsmouth goalkeeper David Carson produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a goalless draw against fellow League Two strugglers Hartlepool at Fratton Park.
A sick turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Man is being moved to a special tank after vets said it was too ill to be moved back to its home in the UK.
Rohit Singh, a 12-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Bihar, is making a living from fishing coins out of the Ganges river.
The drink-driving limit in England and Wales should be lowered to 50mg/100ml of alcohol per 100ml of blood, health experts have said, as the House of Lords prepares to debate a bill to lower the limit.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons before they were found dead, it has been confirmed.
New Motherwell signing Jonny Pearson says the Scottish Premiership club is a "good place to come and work" after signing a one-year deal with the club.
A seven-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father underwent the same procedure 20 years ago has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first female coach in men's professional American football to work with their team - and the first in the sport's history to be named after a female player.
Political parties should stop talking about "hard and soft Brexit" in terms that people do not understand, a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that the Obama administration paid $400m (£300m) to Iran in cash, saying he saw a video of Iranians unloading the money from a US plane.
A woman has been killed and another injured after a chainsaw-wielding man attacked shoppers at a shopping centre in Belarus with an axe and a hammer, police say.
Former first minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied to a renewable heat scheme before he and his wife were married, after a DUP MLA claimed he was prevented from challenging the scheme because of his family's links to the poultry industry.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News after the channel claimed the city was a "mosque" for Muslims following last week's terror attacks.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) for the second time in three months, despite a drop in oil prices and a rise in the value of the pound.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will take a "step back" when he leads out his side in the first one-day international against West Indies in Barbados on Friday.
Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the issue of the EU and the party needs to do more to get its message across to them, former shadow home secretary Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block on the site of a former quarry in West Sussex have been unveiled by the University of Sussex.
Saracens ran in seven tries as they thrashed Oyonnax in their Champions Cup opener, with England fly-half Owen Farrell playing a starring role in a dominant display at Stade Francais.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase for more than 50 minutes after he was caught driving without a licence has been jailed for 15 months.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour are among the top 10 influencers in the world of women, according to BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour power list.
"When I was appointed as chief executive of my company, I didn't think I would be able to turn it into a billion-dollar business," says Choe Choe, as he remembers the moment he was asked if he thought he would survive the Asian financial crisis.
Derby County's poor form continued as they were held to a goalless draw at home by Brentford, who remain in the Championship relegation zone.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Jim Blair has urged the club's players to sign new contracts with the Pro12 and European Champions Cup leaders this summer.
Olympic champion cyclist Lizzie Armitstead has given birth to her first child, a baby boy.
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 motorway after falling off a car roof and getting stuck on the carriageway for more than an hour.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club, keeping him at Upton Park until 2021.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can still "turn things around" despite being booed off the field by the club's fans for the second time in three days.
Up to 17cm (5in) of snow has fallen in some parts of northern England in the space of 24 hours, causing travel disruption and disruption.
Archaeologists say they have found what they believe to be the remains of more than 1,000 people who died during the Black Plague in the 14th Century in the Czech Republic.
Staff at a primary school in County Antrim where a father and his two children were seriously injured in a suspected arson attack have been given specialist help to help them deal with the "real impact" of the incident.
American Airlines and United Airlines have joined Delta Air Lines in banning the shipment of trophy-hunting trophies, following the controversial killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
The head of the Rugby Football League (RFL) says it is "extremely important" that London Broncos become the first professional rugby league club in the capital to win a Super League title.
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to reach a deal on how to deal with the migrant crisis, amid fierce divisions over a controversial plan to relocate up to 160,000 migrants across the bloc.
A police officer and two other men have been arrested in connection with a hoax terror threat to an officer last year, police have said.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck ploughed into a crowd of people watching a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans, police say.
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered a free night in its "premier suite" to the host of The Only Way Is Essex, Michael O'Grady, after he called the town a "shit hole" during a recent episode of the show.
Never in a million years did you think you would end up as the chief executive of a company that sells all-natural, all-vegetable snack food that you had never heard of before.
There are many ways to measure out Barack Obama's presidency, and many of them are very different from one another.
Former South African Archbishop of South Africa Desmond Tutu has said he would support the legalisation of assisted dying for the terminally ill in England and Wales.
Flights to and from the UK are returning to normal at Monarch following the terror attacks in Paris last month, the airline has said.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village just hours after the funeral of a teenager who had supplied the drugs which killed another man.
Tesla has said it plans to increase production of its cars five-fold over the next two years, after reporting a loss for the first quarter of the year and cutting its timeline for ramping up production by two years.
"I've only slept with men I've been married to, and I should be committed too - for being married so many times."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on a deal until the end of the season, with the option of a further 12 months.
Pupils at a primary school in Manchester have been banned from playing British Bulldog because of the "number of broken bones it generates", the BBC has learned.
Northern Ireland's economic growth will remain the lowest of the 12 UK regions in 2015 and will fall to around 1.7% in 2016, according to a report by accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC).
"The police watchdog must stop failing families in this way," said a statement published on the website of the family of a man who died in custody after being shot by a police officer in south-east London nine years ago.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured after a gunman opened fire in a cafeteria at a wood processing plant in central Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a £2.5m dragon sculpture in Wrexham are set to be given a five-year extension to allow work to start on the project.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Dougie Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "not like losing your place in the Premier League in football".
A woman has told a court she was raped and forced to work in a restaurant by a man accused of being part of a child sex ring in Rotherham in the 1980s and 1990s.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to follow the example of the child Jesus, who was born into poverty in a manger despite his divinity, to inspire their lives.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur academic Ilham Tohti, who has been charged with separatism and inciting separatism.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become the first politician to get stuck on a zip wire during the Olympic Games in Rio.
Fulham boss Slavisa Kebano has no new injury worries after his side were held to a goalless draw at Fulham, while Reading boss Jaap Stam has no fresh injury worries following his side's back-to-back league defeats.
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland has been postponed because of a crash on the M1 motorway in County Antrim.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 4-2 defeat at Hull City and must improve defensively ahead of Saturday's visit of Burnley.
At least nine people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say, in the latest in a series of clashes between gangs and police.
If a school decided to close its sixth form and all of its pupils would have to travel to schools in neighbouring local authorities for their post-16 education, would there have been a protest?
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the US Library of Congress's National Film and Television Library of America (NFLA) for the first time.
At least 160 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the north-eastern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say, in what is believed to be the worst collapse of a building in the country's history.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he will have to improve if he is to replicate his form in the Test series against New Zealand and Australia next year.
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former member of the Duke of Edinburgh's staff has told a court she is "not fantasising, lying or imagining it".
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup campaign ended in defeat as they were beaten by Afghanistan by eight wickets in the second game of their three-match one-day series in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga will leave the club at the end of the season after his contract was terminated by mutual consent, BBC Radio Nottingham reports.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife attack at a school in which a teacher and a student were injured.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to move into the Scottish League One play-off places as they were held to a draw at home by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio and believes the amateur event will be a "disaster" for the sport.
Tens of thousands of people have attended services in London to mark Anzac Day, marking the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran in response to Tehran's activities in the Middle East, in the first such move by the Trump administration since President Donald Trump took office.
The number of GCSE entries for this year's exams has fallen for the second year running, but there has been a rise in the number of post-Year 11 students in Wales and a rise for older pupils in England.
Bidders have been shortlisted for the running of the Northern and TransPennine rail franchises, the government has announced.
Four people, including a teenage girl, have been rescued after a speedboat capsized off the coast of Brixham in Devon.
Former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions and victims of clerical child abuse have called for the inquiry into historical abuse to be widened to include abuse which took place outside the institutions.
US tech giant Intel has reported a drop in third-quarter profits as the firm continues to struggle with slowing demand for its computer chips.
The prime minister is to ask whether the UK can offer more help to Indonesia and Malaysia in tackling Islamist extremism during a visit to the two countries later this week.
The Welsh government is to lend £4.5m to airlines Airbus and British Airways in a bid to attract new recruits to the country.
A first-time mother who left a letter for another mother after she dropped her shopping in the supermarket has said it was a "lovely" act of kindness.
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants on towns in north-eastern Nigeria, residents and witnesses say.
A change to maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness is to be introduced earlier than planned, it has been announced.
Scotland's education secretary has said he is "confident" a new curriculum for secondary schools will produce the results the country needs, as children return to school for the first time since the new system was introduced.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold for more than £15,000 at auction, just days before the Queen's 90th birthday.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood was born and raised in the Rhondda Cynon Taff and grew up in the town of Tonypandy, where her father worked in a coal mine.
A third runway at Heathrow could lead to a marginal increase in pollution levels in the air around the airport, according to research commissioned by the government and published in the journal Environmental Research Letters.
Belgium's Davis Cup final against Great Britain will go ahead as planned despite the terror threat in the country, says the Belgian Tennis Federation (FTF).
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan in Ghana's capital, Accra, after it overshot the runway at the country's main airport and collided with the vehicle, officials say.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a Brighton man who was beaten to death in a "motiveless but brutal" drug and drink-fuelled attack.
Sinn Féin's Naomi Sugden has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland, taking over from the outgoing justice minister, Michelle O'Neill.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the takeover of the club by the Al-Qadi family, and that the new owners are "fully behind" him.
Prosecutors in Japan have opened an investigation into the advertising agency Dentsu, following the death of a young employee who took her own life after working excessive overtime.
Chelsea, Burnley and Huddersfield all lost on day one of the 2017-18 Premier League season, so what does it mean for the rest of the season?
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why Ghanaians have such a poor record of maintenance and repair work.
A 70-year-old cyclist has died after collapsing while taking part in a charity bike ride in north Wales, police have said.
Permian and Khalidi have been added to the field for this year's Derby at Epsom, with Cracksman and Diore Lia also set to be in the field.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey, suggesting the sector could be a drag on the economy.
Five people have been killed in an attack on a bar in the Malian capital, Bamako, in what French and Malian officials have called a "cowardly act of terror", officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will return to Paris St-Germain "like a legend" after announcing he will leave the club at the end of the season.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager after the former England captain announced his return to the club as a youth coach.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace, Coventry City and Colchester United striker Kevin Morrison on a one-year deal.
Major sporting events in the UK attracted more than 60 million spectators in 2015, according to new figures from Deloitte, with football and rugby union the biggest winners.
A woman has said she feels like she has been "butchered and robbed of her life savings" by a dentist who left her with a "bulldog bite" after putting in implants in her lower teeth.
Stefano Schettino, the captain of the Costa Concordia, has been jailed for 12 years for causing the sinking of the cruise ship by "reckless and reckless" navigation.
Twenty-five British Olympians won medals at London 2012 - a record number for any Games - as Team GB swept the board in the final week of the Games.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could be the "next Ronda Rousey" in the sport, according to Welsh mixed martial arts fighter Brett Johns.
A series of photographs by Strand Collective has been commissioned by the No Walls Gallery in Brighton to explore the relationship between what we wear and how we see others.
Worcestershire batsman Liam Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the club, keeping him at The Oval until the end of the 2018 season.
Train operator Arriva Trains Wales has announced it is to increase services into Cardiff Central from Barry and Radyr from 22 May.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango augmented reality technology and a modular handset that can be fitted to other devices, both at the same time.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the centre of the Latvian capital, Riga, for an annual memorial service, amid fears that the crisis in Ukraine could spark ethnic tensions in the Baltics.
Parts of north Wales have been told to prepare for flooding as heavy rain is forecast for the next few days.
A federal judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, as part of an investigation into corruption in the country's oil industry.
Sir Roger Moore and Paralympic champion Colin Jones are among the stars who feature in a new film about life-changing moments, which has been made by a Welsh film-maker and is being shown in Cardiff and London.
Theresa May's letter to European Council President Donald Tusk setting out the UK's plans for leaving the EU is the latest in a long line of letters from the UK government to the EU, but it is not the first time the Welsh first minister has clashed with the prime minister over Brexit.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help in the fight against the Islamist militant group al-Shabab, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
The owner of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died after falling ill when he was trapped in a compartment with a petrol engine running for more than an hour.
A Denbighshire MP has called for clarity over plans to allow English and Welsh MPs to vote on the same issues in the House of Commons.
Police have said the discovery of an arms dump in County Antrim could have "saved lives" after a "substantial number of explosive devices" were found.
At least 35 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, local media reports say.
A chronology of key events - all from the perspective of the BBC - as Turkey marks the 70th anniversary of its independence from the Ottoman Empire, which ruled the country for more than a century.
Wales striker Sam Vokes says his team-mates will take confidence from their recent performances into Saturday's crucial World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
Former US football star O.J. Simpson has appeared in court in Las Vegas to ask for a new trial for a 2007 robbery in which he was convicted and sentenced to nine years in prison.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County on a three-year contract.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping and will be allowed to race in the Tour de France after being cleared by the Czech Olympic Committee.
The Stakeknife inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people by the IRA's secret agent Freddie Scappaticci is to be held in Northern Ireland later this year.
Tesco has apologised for using an image of a man pulling carrots on an organic farm as part of a promotional campaign for its new food waste initiative, after the man behind the campaign said it was a "marketing blunder".
It was supposed to be a moment of triumph for India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he and Facebook's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, met at a townhall meeting in the US last week.
Former Scotland boss Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to become the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek, the club have confirmed.
Eritrea has described a UN report that accused its government of human rights abuses as "unfounded and devoid of all merit" as "an attack on civilised society".
A bus driver has been suspended after a video of a street brawl in which a man was seen throwing punches at another man was posted on social media.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in the 1970s BBC drama Poldark, has died at the age of 72 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
Campaigners have called on the Scottish government to introduce legislation to encourage the use of a new type of heating system that could cut energy bills and carbon emissions by up to 40% by 2030.
People who leave rubbish in wheelie bins outside their homes could face a fine of up to £1,000 if they do not remove it within a year.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died in a car crash have said they are "extremely proud" of her achievements after she achieved the top grades in her life sciences course.
It's one of the great challenges of the 21st Century: how to keep up with the rising tide of tourists, and how to ensure that those tourists don't end up destroying the beauty they've come to see.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of bad weather in Wales, with the Met Office issuing a yellow "be aware" warning for heavy rain and high winds.
The Indian Premier League gets under way on Monday, 25 April with the opening match between Rising Pune Supergiants and Royal Challengers Bangalore at the iconic Kolkata Knight Riders Stadium in India's capital, Delhi.
Google’s ambitious plan to beam internet connectivity across the world from a network of balloons in the stratosphere has taken a major step forward, the firm has said.
Plans to turn a former Ministry of Defence (MoD) depot in Shropshire into a multi-million pound development could create up to 500 new jobs, a council has said.
More than 1,000 people have been charged with drugs offences in Belfast since a police campaign was launched earlier this year, according to figures released by the PSNI.
A mother killed her two young sons before taking her own life, an inquest into their deaths has heard.
The body of a man has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Inverness.
Work permits for EU citizens living and working in the UK could cut migration to the country by up to 100,000 a year if the UK voted to leave the EU, according to a report from a pro-EU campaign group.
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU air quality rules after admitting it had failed to consult properly on plans to cut pollution, the High Court has heard.
The case of Adnan Syed, the man at the centre of the hit podcast Serial, is to be re-examined for the first time since he was convicted of murder in 2000.
A woman has claimed one of three gold objects hidden in Scunthorpe for a treasure hunt after cracking the codes to find them.
A businessman who allowed a man with learning difficulties to drown in a lake to make a "quick buck" has been jailed for killing him.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement has likened Fernando Llorente to the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Sergio Ramos and John Terry, saying the striker's aerial skills are "fantastic".
Northern Ireland's political parties have been unable to agree a budget for the coming financial year and the Stormont Executive has said it is "unlikely" that a deal will be done before the end of July.
The father of toddler Gabriella Ratcliffe, whose mother has been detained in Iran for more than a month, is to launch a campaign to bring her home to the UK.
US scientists say they have made the first human-pig embryos, using a gene-editing technique that could lead to the creation of a human-like pancreas.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down, despite calls from the opposition for him to do so, as he prepares to face the country's main opposition party, the Zanu-PF, in a televised election debate.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous books in the world, but why did it take so long to be turned into a best-selling novel and why did she never write another one?
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year because the council has no money to pay for them, it has been claimed.
French football club Marseille have confirmed the sale of the club to American businessman Frank McCourt, who wants to build a team that can compete with Paris St-Germain (PSG) in Ligue 1.
Sir Chris Hoy has been chosen to carry the British flag at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games on Friday.
A judge has ordered the father of a woman held against her will by her father in Saudi Arabia to allow her to return to the UK by 11 September.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid yng Nghaerdydd.
MPs representing English constituencies will no longer be able to vote on laws that only apply in England under government plans to change the rules of the House of Commons, ministers have announced.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education because of language barriers, according to a new study by the University of Hong Kong's Equal Opportunities Commission.
Invest NI, the Northern Ireland Executive's plan to introduce a new rate of corporation tax for Northern Ireland, has moved a step closer after the Stormont assembly passed legislation to introduce the new rate in 2018.
Plans have been unveiled for a £10m revamp of Oxford's bus and cycle park and ride service.
A gay rights group in Russia says it is evacuating gay people from Chechnya, amid reports of a crackdown on gay people in the North Caucasus region, where at least three people have been killed and dozens detained.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgency" for him to make a good start at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday if he is to challenge Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg for the title.
Russia's new "information security law" is set to come into force on 1 August, requiring bloggers to register with the country's media regulator and storing data on their users in Russia.
Spanish police say they have broken up a ring that used Chinese nationals to work illegally as domestic workers in the hospitality and textile sectors, in a case that could cost taxpayers more than €10m ($11m; £7.5m).
Germany's Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has warned of a rise in the number of "lone wolf" attacks in the country, following the fatal stabbing of two people on a train near the German city of Wuppertal.
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club if they were to re-appoint him as head coach.
Mo Farah missed out on a second gold medal at the World Championships as he was beaten in his final 5,000m race before retiring from athletics at the end of the event.
David Cameron's son's death prepared his wife, Samantha, for becoming prime minister, she has said, as she spoke for the first time about the "surreal" and "difficult" situation they were in when he was born.
Two elderly women have been conned out of more than £10,000 in two separate cold call scams, police have said.
Tributes have been paid to the Catholic priest, Fr Alec Reid, who played a key role in the peace process during the Troubles in Northern Ireland, who has died after a long illness.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said it was "easy to love his players now" after his side reached the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in their history.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to join together in a bid to secure the future of the dairy industry, which has been hit by a sharp fall in the price of milk over the last few years.
A woman has died and two children have been seriously injured in a crash on the M25 in Berkshire, police have said.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has said new anti-racism rules introduced at its congress in Mauritius will be a "defining moment" for world football.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the first game of the new season against Yeovil Town to be played on Saturday.
A man has died in a fire at a house in East Sussex, police have said.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault on a child after a complaint was made against him by a 15-year-old girl, police have said.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens has confirmed he will officiate in the 2019 Rugby World Cup final after being selected to officiate the tournament for the second time in his career.
Four Israelis have been charged in connection with the death of an Israeli Arab who was beaten to death by a mob in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba in October, officials say.
Kaka has been called up to the Brazil squad for the Under-20 World Cup in South America next month.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the third time in four years with a comfortable victory over Birmingham City in the semi-final second leg at Emirates Stadium.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a dar
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of the Police Scotland control centre in Inverness, BBC Scotland has learned.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a doctor at a hospital in North Lanarkshire after allegedly attacking him with a razor blade.
Two Labour AMs are hoping to become the first to propose a ban on letting agency fees for private rented accommodation in Wales.
Doctors should give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery, according to new guidance from the UK's medical watchdog.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored the only goal of the game as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time in seven years with victory over Arsenal at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys have a "dramatic" trade-off between having big voices and big testes, according to research into the animals' vocal and genitalia.
Welsh Labour MP Christina Rees has been named as Jeremy Corbyn's new shadow Welsh secretary in a reshuffle of his frontbench team.
A Romanian man accused of hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account has been sentenced to three years in prison in the US, the US Department of Justice has announced.
Cardiff Central railway station will be closed on Saturday and Sunday as part of safety tests ahead of the Champions League final, it has been announced.
Victims and survivors of child abuse who want to give evidence to the Scottish government's inquiry into historical abuse of children in care are being asked to do so by the end of the year, its chair has said.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man who was being beaten up by an alleged underworld don.
Targets to increase the number of Welsh-speaking children in schools in Wales will be set in a new Welsh language strategy to be published later this year.
Three nurses who mistreated a paralysed man in hospital after he suffered a brain haemorrhage have been banned from the profession for 12 months.
More than 1,000 items of "weird and wonderful" rubbish have been dumped in recycling bins in Surrey in a bid to help the county meet its recycling target.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to predict the impact of the deadly attack on the Champs-Elysees in Paris on the day of the first round of the French presidential election.
A US soldier has been charged with attempted murder in connection with the killing of a woman in Afghanistan last week, and his lawyer has said he believes his client may have suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
BBC Radio 1 DJ James Dacre has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of East Anglia (UEA) for his services to radio and television.
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £50,000 grant from the Manx government to help improve the island's beaches.
James Ward produced a stunning final-set comeback to stun John Isner and give Great Britain a 2-1 lead over the United States in their Davis Cup quarter-final.
A huge underwater forest of ancient trees has been discovered off the east coast of England, which experts believe could date back more than 10,000 years.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin and cannabis resin into a prison by stuffing it into his mouth has been jailed for three years and four months.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University after chemicals "had become unstable" and led to lectures being moved away from an area of the campus.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos for an exhibition of his latest work, which includes more than 12,000 pictures taken on his camera phone during his recent visit to the island.
The author of the Chilcot Inquiry report into the Iraq War is to give evidence to a parliamentary committee for the first time since the report was published.
Cafodd ei saethu gyda gwn Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach yn Sir Caerffili yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl gael ei sif
The value of the pound against the US dollar has fallen below $1.30 for the first time in more than 30 years following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Whistleblowing in the public sector in England and Wales is still not good enough, MPs have said, calling for better protection for those who come forward to report wrongdoing.
The lights of Sydney's Opera House have been switched off for Earth Hour as part of a global campaign to raise awareness of climate change.
Tens of thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, the US student who died in a coma after being held in North Korea for more than a year and sentenced to 15 years of hard labour.
Northern Ireland's Stephen Maguire said he was "embarrassed" after admitting he "never showed up" for his first-round match at the World Championship and admitted he did not care about the match at all.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrat (CDU) party has suffered a "debacle" in a regional election, with voters angry at her handling of the country's refugee crisis, according to local media.
One in four men and one in 20 women in the world smoked daily in 2015, but the number of people dying from tobacco-related causes has increased by 4.7% over the past 25 years, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has accused the sport's drivers' union of telling teams to "shut up and drive" in an attack on the governance of the sport, which he says is "obsolete and ill-structured".
Tata Steel has been fined more than £1m for breaching health and safety rules by releasing a chemical from a blast furnace at its Huddersfield plant.
The leaders of Northern Ireland's four main political parties are due to meet the prime minister in London later to discuss a possible deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to keep the Conservatives in power.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour and his bodyguards have been killed in a gunfight in the Pakistani city of Quetta, sources close to the movement have told the BBC.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a father-of-two who was stabbed to death in a revenge attack after his drugs were stolen by a gang from outside the county.
An inquest has opened into the death of a man who was found stabbed to death at a house where his ex-partner was also found seriously injured.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow city centre in the early hours of the morning.
A "bubble match" between Chester and Wrexham was held as normal on Saturday, with no trouble reported at the north Wales derby.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract.
Paint has been thrown through the window of a County Antrim community hall in what police are treating as a hate crime.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing the embassy of Julian Assange, saying it is a "stain on the country's reputation", the Foreign Office has said.
The diplomatic efforts to find a political solution to the crisis in Syria are moving at a faster pace than at any time since the start of the conflict in 2011, and there are growing signs that Russia and Iran are joining the process, along with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims by Algeria's goalball team that they have pulled out of two matches at the Rio Paralympics.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach its shores, after the New York Times called it "inhumane" and "unconscionable".
Plans to move a tennis court at the Sandringham estate of the Queen and her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, have been submitted to a council.
Local authorities in the UK are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for Syrian refugees, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said in a report on the government's resettlement programme.
A 19-year-old man has been left with serious facial injuries after being attacked by a group of men in Londonderry.
The UK has been chosen to build one of the world's most ambitious space missions, a probe that will study the Sun and the planets in the Solar System.
We have just entered the most complicated, most fraught period of political uncertainty for our country in a very long time, and it's time for the other side to respond, writes BBC Scotland political correspondent John Swinney.
The Northern Ireland economy has continued to grow in the second quarter of the year, according to the latest official figures.
It is one of the world's oldest rowing competitions and one of Scotland's most famous rivalries and it is set to be the subject of some of the biggest headlines in the sport's history this weekend.
Nationwide has reported a fall in the amount of money it lends to buy-to-let landlords, after a "softening" of the mortgage market.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian military jet by Turkish forces in Syria last month has begun examining the cockpit voice recorder of the aircraft.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson for their T20 Blast campaign after he impressed during a trial spell with the club last month.
A six-year-old boy is in hospital after his foot was blistered when he stepped on a barbecue that had been dumped on a beach, his mother has said.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's campaign to keep the UK in the EU could push more of his party's voters into the hands of UKIP, the party's most senior Eurosceptic MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 25-year-old woman was seriously injured in a stabbing in Lancashire.
Sepp Blatter may have been banned from football's world governing body Fifa after being found guilty of corruption and money-laundering charges, but the former head of world football's governing body has never been one to mince his words.
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida to commemorate the death of a boy who was killed by an alligator at the resort's Magic Kingdom last year.
Michael Gove has said he "entirely accepts" Theresa May's decision to sack him from the cabinet when she became prime minister was the "right thing to do".
Scotland's top law officer has called for the UK to remain a "fully committed and active participant" in EU law enforcement agencies Europol and Eurojust, despite the referendum result.
A court in India has adjourned the trial of Bollywood star Salman Khan, who is accused of killing a man in a hit-and-run crash in Mumbai in 2002, until 1 January.
Residents of a "garden city" housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved there because of poor broadband and poor phone lines.
An Australian charity worker who helped seven men travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group has said he is "really, really sorry" for what he has done.
GPs in England should be given more time to spend with their patients, the British Medical Association (BMA) has said, as it called for a shake-up of the way general practice is run in the country.
The number of new craft distilleries opening in Scotland and England has hit a record high, with global drinks giants "worried" about the competition, according to a new report.
Wales could lose out on up to £50m a year in income from stamp duty if the Welsh Government's budget is set on the basis of UK-wide figures, a think tank has claimed.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has announced that the sunken Sewol ferry will be raised from the seabed at the earliest possible date to help the families of those who died in last year's disaster.
The wife of a man who was shot dead by police after he tied up his children has told an inquest how she received a text from one of his children saying he was "going to kill himself", an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are in a three-way tie for the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in South Carolina.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed by the airport's owner.
Parks in the UK are at a "tipping point" because of cuts to local authorities' budgets, a report by a group of MPs has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a mark on social media in the past year with his use of the platform to congratulate world leaders on his election victory and forge "good personal relations" with world leaders, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Delhi.
A book borrowed from a Herefordshire school more than 100 years ago has been returned to its former school after it was found to have a British Library stamp on the inside.
Hull City midfielder Lewis Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian prosecutor has launched an investigation into the case of a pregnant woman who died after two foetuses died when a gynaecologist refused to carry out an abortion, reports say.
Pop group Duran Duran are suing a fan club management company for unpaid fees, the band has said in a court filing in the US.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" and "bored" as he beat American Sam Querrey in straight sets at the Shanghai Masters - his first match since winning the Japan Open - to reach the second round of the tournament.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a woman in a "horrific" attack in 2002, in what police described as "one of the most harrowing cases" they have ever dealt with.
Work has begun on a major upgrade to Scotland's largest container terminal, which is set to increase its capacity by more than 50% over the next five years.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being urged to get rid of a "thug" plant that is out-competing bluebells in their gardens.
The owner of Arsenal Football Club, Stan Kroenke, has ordered a hunting TV channel to remove content that contains footage of trophy hunting after it was criticised for glorifying the killing of animals.
A man who sent "inappropriate" messages to a 12-year-old girl after meeting her for the first time on a school trip has been jailed.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty while trying to rescue his dog off the coast of Kent has paid tribute to her "best friend".
A life sentence given to a man who stabbed another man in the chest in a case of mistaken identity has been quashed by the Court of Appeal.
Former Aberdeen and Rangers midfielder Jim Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up following Mark McCall's departure from the national team.
A team from the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has been sent to Northern Ireland to help resettle Syrian refugees who are due to arrive in Belfast later this month.
A Lancashire driving instructor has been jailed for causing the death of a 70-year-old woman by driving into on-coming traffic while taking part in a speed awareness course.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in three days with a superb solo attack to claim his second win of the race.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) are not confident about reporting hate crimes to the police, according to a new report.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit and killed by a car in a suspected hit-and-run crash.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in Spain to give evidence in a fraud case against his former club, Barcelona FC, over the transfer of the player from Brazilian club Santos.
Postal ballot papers sent out for the general election in Hull were sent out without the names of the two main parties' candidates, a council has admitted.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams' "fitting" send-off after his World Cup final try, saying it was "a fitting end" for the once-in-a-generation player.
It's not every day you get an interview with one of the world's most famous footballers, let alone one with the man who scored the Euro 96 wonder goal, who was once called "the best player in the world" and who's been compared to Sir Alex Ferguson by Russell Brand.
Oil and gas firm Ineos is threatening to take legal action against the National Trust after it was refused permission to carry out a shale gas survey in the Sherwood Forest.
Eight men have been arrested in a series of raids on suspected drug dealers in the north west of England and the Netherlands, police have said.
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for a fee that could rise to £50m, subject to international clearance.
A racoon had to be rescued from the roof of a house by an animal rescue charity after it escaped from its owner's garden and climbed up the roof.
A dog has been stolen in a break-in at a pet shop in East Lothian, police have said.
A Rwandan man who called for the mass murder of Tutsi people during the country's 1994 genocide has been sentenced to life in prison by a court in the capital, Kigali, after being found guilty of crimes against humanity.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying at UK universities if the UK votes to leave the European Union, a survey suggests.
An Australian father who allowed his 14-year-old daughter to marry a man without his permission has been jailed for five years for child sex offences.
The makers of the hit podcast Serial are set to make a TV series based on the story of the murder case that made it one of the most-read podcasts of the last year.
The Scottish council tax is "unfair" and should be replaced with a local income tax, according to a cross-party commission set up to examine alternatives to the current system.
Hundreds of hens have been put up for rehoming by a charity which said it could not save them if they did not have homes to go to.
Hull FC have signed half-back Curtis Naughton from Super League side Hull FC on a one-year deal.
Human remains found in a lay-by have been identified as a man under the age of 50, but police are still trying to establish his identity.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has confirmed he will not return to coaching, ending a 25-year career in the game that included three spells as Netherlands boss.
A faulty gene linked to an increased risk of having a stroke and heart attack has been identified by scientists in the UK for the first time.
A second man has appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the killing of a police officer in what officials described as a terror attack.
Google has announced that it is to stop making Google Glass, the company's wearable technology, and will stop taking orders for the product from next week.
A bomb has been removed from a house in County Londonderry following a security alert in which a device was found in the grounds of a house.
The African Union (AU) has passed a resolution calling on its member states to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague, after a heated debate at a summit in Ethiopia.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major reorganisation of the country's security forces in a series of decrees, state media report.
One of Scotland's largest farming supplies companies has reported a rise in profits despite "challenging times" for the sector following the Brexit vote.
US President Donald Trump has said he may fire special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating alleged Russian interference in last year's election, because of his friendship with the man leading the inquiry.
The Isle of Wight father's decision not to pay a fine for taking his seven-year-old daughter on holiday during term-time caused "a huge amount of confusion" for parents, a senior MP has said.
A woman has been shot in the head in the Burundi capital, Bujumbura, by a gunman who opened fire on the wife of opposition leader Pierre Rwasa, the opposition leader has said.
O2 and Vodafone are due to hold a meeting with the government later to discuss plans to speed up the launch of 4G services in the UK.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group and encouraging others to travel to Syria to fight.
Premier League clubs could field B teams in the Football League as part of plans to increase the number of divisions in the English football pyramid.
The head of Scotland's largest Indian restaurant chain has accused the UK government of "total insanity" for restricting the number of non-EU chefs who can be employed in the sector.
England captain Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they were outclassed by France in their opening World Cup warm-up defeat in Paris.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found it had an alcohol content that was more than three times higher than advertised.
Scottish boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering serious head injuries during a fight, his partner has said.
German carmaker Daimler has said it will fix software in its Mercedes-Benz cars to allow them to pass new emissions tests as part of an investigation into possible manipulation of data.
UK scientists say they have found a new mix of cement that is much more effective at protecting nuclear waste from the environment.
Muckamore have clinched a place in the semi-finals of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup after a nine-wicket home win over Pembroke on Sunday while Waringstown beat Coleraine by eight wickets on Saturday.
An amateur footballer has pleaded guilty to a charge of having an offensive weapon after he allegedly threatened to cut the throat of Clacton fans with a corkscrew during a match.
A group of writers are boycotting a PEN awards ceremony in the US in protest at the organisation's decision to give an award to French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Spending on agency staff in the NHS in England is expected to fall by £1bn this year despite a cap on the amount they can be paid, the health regulator has said.
Up to 100 jobs are at risk at a glass factory in County Antrim, the Unite union has said, with the loss of up to 50 jobs.
Poundland, the UK's biggest discount retailer, has bought goods from Woolworths three times in the past five years, according to its chief executive Paul McCarthy.
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after the car they were travelling in crashed through a barrier and landed on an island above a road.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following the death of a man in a flat in west Belfast.
It is an injection - but not as you know it, and it is about to become the most affordable form of contraception in the world, thanks to a deal between the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Pfizer and the Children's Investment Fund.
The police ombudsman's office is to resume investigations into more than 100 historical complaints against the PSNI, it has been announced.
Police in Australia are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL), the country's governing body of rugby league.
High winds and heavy rain have brought disruption to parts of Wales on the final day of the festive season, with gusts of up to 80mph (129km/h) recorded in parts of the north of the country.
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river, killing two soldiers and injuring four others, during a training exercise, the army has said.
Ricardo Garcia, the former US federal prosecutor who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup to Russia and Qatar, is a well-known figure in the world of international law.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys in their final game of the season at the Liberty Stadium.
Teenage racing driver Billy Beaumont was seriously injured when he crashed his car in a race last year, losing both of his legs in a crash.
Sunderland band Pulled Apart By Horses are looking for a new home after closing their record shop, which sold their own album and became a community hub in the city centre.
Luton Town have released five players after their play-off final defeat by Blackpool, but have offered new deals to goalkeeper Liam King and defenders Jack Potts and Kavan Cotter.
Algeria have agreed a deal to sign France Under-21 international Karim Benzia from Lille for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
England netball players will be paid to play for the first time after the Superleague announced they will be offered central contracts from next season.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on 5 May to elect a new police and crime commissioner to run the force.
A drug that mimics the ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise as a potential new treatment for ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Detectives searching for missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of her buying a pizza on the night she disappeared, in the hope it could help them find her.
It's been 23 years since pop-trance duo The KLF announced they were quitting the music industry, leaving fans to speculate on what they might do with the £1m they had left in their back catalogue.
Marussia Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after undergoing surgery following a crash during pre-season testing, the team has said.
Firefighters have been tackling a large blaze at a derelict Victorian building in Glasgow's harbour area.
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to be the next US ambassador to the United Nations, a post she will take on in January.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from going to China for further education, amid fears that they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of playing in the top flight for the first time will be "frightening" and "exciting" for the club.
Scottish soldiers from Penicuik are to be sent to Afghanistan for the first time since the last British combat troops left the country last year.
Laura Pergolizzi, better known by her stage name LP, thought her career as a solo artist was over when she was offered a record deal by record label Island Records.
Sergio Aguero scored the only goal of the game as 10-man Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League with a stunning victory at Etihad Stadium.
Former British middleweight champion Chris Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years after sparring with former champion Scott Blackwell, who was left in a coma after being hit on the head by a punch.
The son of a Liverpool fan killed in the Hillsborough disaster tried to identify his mother from a Polaroid photograph after the tragedy, the inquests into the deaths of the 96 victims have heard.
A robot designed by an Edinburgh student is to feature at this year's XpoNorth, a two-day design and technology festival in Inverness.
League Two side Cambridge United will host holders Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup after being drawn away at League One side Yeovil Town.
Manny Smith, Chris Hogan, Danny Smith and Michael Mafuta have all signed new deals with National League North side Gateshead, while midfielder Sean O'Donnell has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
Manchester City defender Gael Clichy could make his first appearance of the season after missing the defeat by Monaco because of a hamstring injury.
Barrow manager Kevin Cox has left the National League club by mutual consent after less than two years in charge of the Bluebirds.
A beekeeper died after suffering an allergic reaction to a bee sting when his EpiPen failed to work, a coroner has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to secure a dramatic 5-5 draw with Torquay United in the National League after a dramatic second-half fightback at the New Lawn.
Mark Lawan was the father of Monica Lawan, one of more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram militants in April 2014, and his adopted daughter Sarah Samuel, also from Chibok, was also taken by the Islamist militant group.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise some forms of domestic violence, including smacking children, in a move that could lead to fewer cases of abuse in the home.
The British government has been urged to apologise to the people of Kenya for alleged human rights abuses committed by British troops during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s and 1960s, which was a major factor in the country's independence from Britain in 1963.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile in Australia's Northern Territory as part of a "top secret mission" to remove the reptile from a waterway.
South Africa umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering concussion during the first day of the match.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the company's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics, saying it was the "right decision" at a time when the Brazilian car market was at its lowest level in a decade.
Thousands of native crayfish are being re-introduced to Wales in a bid to reverse the decline of the native species.
Security staff evacuated people from the O2 Arena after a fire broke out at a McDonald's restaurant on the site of an Elvis Presley exhibition on Saturday.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to receive a boost at the North American box office this weekend, following its success at the Oscars on Sunday.
The US state of New York is to launch an investigation into why "inky water" that appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last year was caused by a "routine" water treatment process, officials say.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings if they were to leave the club this summer.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics get under way in Norway on Friday, with more than 70 gold medals up for grabs in the first event of its kind in the world's youngest Winter Winter Games.
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group in a row over the future of a former Kent airport, the BBC has learned.
Ofqual, the exams regulator, has been accused of failing to do enough to prevent pupils receiving different GCSE grades depending on what time of year they sat the exam, a report says.
At least 12 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition backing Yemen's government in the south-western province of Hajja, local officials and residents say.
The Nativity story of Jesus' birth is one of the most famous Christmas stories in the world, but this year's celebrations in Bethlehem have been overshadowed by the ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, as the BBC's Yolande Knell-Fowler reports.
Dyfed-Powys Police has been told it "requires improvement" in an annual inspection of police forces in England and Wales, with inspectors saying it needs to do more to tackle the "abuse of authority for sexual gain".
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to his make-up artist during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globes, saying she is an "unbelievable talent".
An anonymous donor has paid for the treatment of a six-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia to be carried out in the US, his mother has said.
Eleven airlines, including Air France-KLM and Lufthansa, have lost their appeal against fines imposed by the European Commission for allegedly violating EU anti-trust rules.
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says his team-mates will not take their foot off the gas despite being assured of their Premier League safety.
Hundreds of thousands of people are being evacuated from besieged rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a UN-Russian deal to end the conflict in the city.
A year on from the historic thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba, the BBC's John Sudworth looks back at some of the key moments and events that led to the thaw and what the future holds for the two nations.
Marseille owner Frank McCourt has bought the French Ligue 1 club for an undisclosed sum, French media report, saying he plans to turn the club into a major force in French football.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured some stunning images of the Earth from space, showing cities such as London, Paris and Brussels lit up by the night-time lights of streetlights.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young children, one of whom has died and the other seriously ill, in a flat in the capital, Kiev.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move in the summer.
Highways England is considering a southern bypass around Stonehenge as part of its plans to upgrade the A303 to ease congestion around the monument, the BBC has learned.
When Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths was in charge of the Premiership champions in the autumn of 2010, one of the club's most high-profile players, Alex Borthwick, found himself in the unusual position of having to cancel a press conference because he had to be in Germany.
A five-year-old baby was stabbed to death while his mother was gang-raped by security forces in Myanmar, the United Nations says.
Schools have been closed and homes have been left without water for up to five days after a water main burst in a city centre.
Guernsey boss Gary Vance says his side's FA Cup tie against League Two side Plymouth Argyle was "a game we could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six nations" that it needs to "root out", says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government has been urged to review its counter-terrorism strategy after the death of one of three British schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State, an MP has said.
Emmerdale fans are to be able to visit the soap's set for the first time, following the success of tours of Coronation Street, ITV has announced.
A number of teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry called in sick on Friday in what is believed to have been the second day of industrial action at the school in the past week.
As he sips a glass of wine at his vineyard on the outskirts of the Sicilian town of Messina, Cesare D'Aloisio is in the midst of a battle with the rural Mafia, a criminal network that he believes is trying to steal EU farm and rural development funds
The BBC is experimenting with a way to control the BBC's iPlayer service using the power of your brainwaves.
A new augmented reality experience for the HebCelt festival is to be launched in the run up to this year's event, it has been announced.
Northern Ireland's four-time Olympic track cycling medallist Lizzie Houvenaghel has retired from the sport after being forced to pull out of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Wimbledon's men's and women's singles matches will be played on Sunday - the middle Sunday of this year's tournament - for the first time in the tournament's history, organisers have announced.
Italian police have arrested 15 members of a volunteer firefighting team in Sicily for allegedly defrauding the fire service out of thousands of euros (Â£1.3m; $1.6m) by pretending to be firefighters to help out in the heatwave.
The number of sexual offences against children under 18 reported to police in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the past year, the NSPCC has said.
The US was warned of a possible plot to smuggle explosives into the cabin of a US-bound airliner by a tip-off from an informant, US media report, citing US intelligence sources.
North Korea has claimed to have miniaturised its nuclear weapons to the size of a suitcase, South Korea's defence ministry has said.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time since the conflict in the region began in April, the Ukrainian military says.
Richard Keogh's first-half header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby Town in their first game back in the Championship.
An Arizona woman who was sentenced to death in 1990 for the murder of her four-year-old son has lost her bid for a retrial over the killing.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told it must improve after inspectors found a "lack of staff and resources" and "unrelenting demand" for emergency services.
Huddersfield Town maintained their 100% start to the Championship season thanks to Aaron Mooy's second-half strike as they beat Leeds United at Elland Road to move top of the table.
A BBC journalist was subjected to "corruption and poor management" during her time working at the corporation, a disciplinary tribunal has heard.
More than 80 homes were left without power after a large fire broke out at a house in Glasgow city centre on Saturday morning.
The search for a group of climbers missing on Mount Rainier in the US state of Washington has been called off because of bad weather and fears they may have been caught in an avalanche.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Dundee United eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish League Cup.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-Test series against Australia were dealt a blow as the Wallabies snatched a dramatic late win in Melbourne to level the series at 2-2 and set up a decider in Sydney on Saturday.
Cyrus Mistry, the former chairman of India's Tata Sons, has launched a blistering attack on the Tata Group, accusing the board of "unfair and unjustified" dismissal of him.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert are "scared" and "afraid" as they prepare to play at the ATP World Tour Finals in London in the wake of the Paris attacks.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football League for staging a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in May last year.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has been told by manager Jose Mourinho to "listen to me" after reports linking him with a move to Spanish La Liga side Sevilla.
Former Arkansas governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has announced he will run for the White House in 2016, eight years after he failed to win the Republican nomination.
Juan Mata scored and set up another goal as Chelsea beat Sunderland to record their first Premier League win at the Stadium of Light this season.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the "sure capability" to attack the US in the Pacific, after it successfully test-fired a ballistic missile, state media report.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered announced plans to raise up to $5bn (Â£3.5bn) in a share sale and cut 15,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.
An elderly man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died days after being granted bail on a charge of murder, a court has heard.
The number of Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans - one of the world's largest mangrove swamps - has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, officials in Bangladesh say.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus is set to miss the rest of the season after fracturing a metatarsal bone in his first start for the club in Saturday's 1-1 draw at Vitality Stadium.
Five of the six board members of Sport NI have resigned after a meeting at Stormont's culture committee on Monday.
A piece of malware that infects thousands of home routers and other smart devices is helping to keep them safer from cyber-attack, according to a security firm.
The violence that broke out at the Zentralstadion in Leipzig after a Bundesliga match between the top two teams in the German league was the stuff of nightmares.
A major road in Gwynedd has reopened after being closed for more than three hours following a crash.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned, days after his meeting with US presidential candidate Donald Trump, following criticism of his handling of the visit to the country.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the battle for Mosul, and it is likely to be even more complex than the operation to recapture the city of Mosul.
Lee Novak's late equaliser rescued a point for Charlton as they came from behind to draw with Fleetwood at Highbury.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman David Brown has urged fans not to give up hope of a takeover of the club before a meeting with the club's new owner.
Footage has been released of a loggerhead turtle being filmed on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia, in an effort to help find out why so many turtles are dying there.
Kyle Wootton's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Scunthorpe United as they held Port Vale to a draw at Portman Road.
Mark Revell and Ryan Varney scored their first goals of the season as MK Dons were beaten by Ipswich Town in the League One play-off semi-final second round.
Former Fifa world player of the year George Weah has been re-elected to Liberia's senate in the first round of elections in the West African nation since a long-delayed vote was called off because of Ebola fears.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost to Bernd Wiesberger in a sudden-death play-off at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai after missing a birdie putt on the final hole to miss out on the title by one shot.
Women's Super League One side Coventry City Ladies have signed Netherlands defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating on one-year deals, subject to international clearance.
Bonfires have been set up in a car park in Belfast city centre in a dispute over the storage of pallets used for the annual Twelfth of July "eleventh night" bonfires.
A new dictionary of Roald Dahl's words has been published, featuring more than 1,000 of the author's own creations, including the words for Gumplewink, grobbled, sleep squiggler and scrumdiddlyumptious.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he is "delighted" TVR is to build its new sports car in Ebbw Vale, south Wales, after the company announced plans to invest Â£50m in the site.
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix as "one of the worst" of his career as he fought back from 10th place to finish sixth.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with Royal Mail and RBS leading the way after the regulator Ofcom said it would not impose any new price controls on the company, but Marks and Spencer shares fell after it issued a profit warning.
Portadown have been given a one-match ban for failing to tell the Irish Football Association that David Garrett was eligible to play in their Premiership game against Ards on Saturday.
A light aircraft has crash-landed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent, the air accident branch of the AAIB has said.
A former treasurer at the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £20,000 from the club's account.
Astronomers say they have seen more than twice as many "monster" stars as previously thought in a new survey of a tiny region of space in the Milky Way.
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico stadium for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about striker Mario Balotelli during last week's Serie A game.
Goals from Oscar Threlkeld and Craig Tanner saw Plymouth beat Crawley to go top of League Two and end the Red Devils' unbeaten start to the season.
US media giant Discovery Communications has agreed to buy Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (Â£10.4bn) in a deal that would create the world's largest owner of cable TV channels.
QPR's Steven Caulker suffered a cut to his head during a Sunday lunch with his team-mates, but the club have denied reports he was involved in a fight.
US singer Barbra Streisand has said she has been granted permission by Apple to change the pronunciation of her name on its Siri virtual assistant.
Riot police in Egypt have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the eastern Cairo suburb of Rehab after a man was shot dead by a policeman, witnesses say.
A drug company run by the man dubbed the "most hated man in America" for raising the price of a drug by 5,000% has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" after scoring his first goal of the season and helping his team-mates to their first league win of the year.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver was forced to make an emergency landing at Glasgow Prestwick Airport due to a "slight smell of burning on board", the airline has said.
The health of children's teeth in Wales is still lagging behind those in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, according to the latest Welsh Government survey.
The strong performance of Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors has been boosted by a weaker pound, according to the Ulster Bank.
Former England footballers Gary Neville and Phil Neville have unveiled revised plans for a £1bn redevelopment of Manchester city centre, which they say will "keep faith" with their "signature" St Michael's development plan.
A motorcyclist has died after his bike left the road and hit a tree in South Yorkshire, police have said.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders boss Jim Callaghan as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man who shook a one-month-old baby boy so hard he suffered a "catastrophic" brain injury has been jailed for six years and four months.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open for the first time in his career.
Police investigating the disappearance of a schoolgirl in Leicestershire have said they are treating her disappearance as "suspicious".
Dagenham & Redbridge's National League play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 3-0 at Chester in a thrilling game at the New Lawn.
Boreham Wood has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club after his release by Plymouth Argyle, with the option of a further year at the end of the season.
There is a "serious democratic deficit" in the number of people voting in England's local elections, the Electoral Commission has said, with the lowest turnout in the past three years in some areas.
Cardiff Blues have signed Wales Under-20 full-back Matthew Morgan from Bristol on a two-year deal for the 2016-17 season, subject to a medical and a work permit.
Crawley Town's Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch is "a big part of what we're doing" at the club, says manager Mark Hughes, despite speculation linking him with a move to West Bromwich Albion.
A painting by Andy Warhol of Chairman Mao is to be sold at auction in Hong Kong, the latest in a series of portraits of the Chinese leader that the artist created in the 1970s and 80s.
Former footballer Sir Alex Ferguson's plans to build a mock-Tudor flower house on moorland have been given the go-ahead by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to reprise his role as a mermaid in a remake of the 1999 Oscar-nominated film The mermaid story, according to reports.
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of the first woman to fly solo from the UK to Australia, Amy Johnson.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said the government could "reset" its fiscal policy in the Autumn Statement next month if the economy needs a "kick start" following the Brexit vote.
The organisers of the Durham version of a world-renowned Christmas lights festival are to stage a similar event in London next year.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in their second game at the World League semi-final stage of the Champions Trophy in Johannesburg.
The Supreme Court is to rule on whether parents can be fined for taking their children on term-time holidays, after a council lost a previous legal battle over the issue.
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said they have "not left her side and are sleeping with her" as she continues to recover from her injuries.
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery and devotion to duty for his role in a fightback against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2009.
Work permits for agricultural workers and a five-year freeze on unskilled migrants would be introduced as part of a plan to reduce immigration to the UK after Brexit, according to a report by a pro-Brexit group.
A group of Crystal Palace football fans have been arrested on suspicion of setting fire to an escalator at a London Tube station ahead of the FA Cup final, police have said.
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as Great Britain retained their team title in the women's skeet shooting.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said he is "absolutely comfortable" with the Bank's decision to cut interest rates and pump billions of pounds into the economy in the wake of the Brexit vote.
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzy Yarnold is the first British athlete to win two gold medals at the Winter Games, but Britain's dominance of the sport is far from a one-trick pony.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday when she takes on Mexico's Joanna Salazar in a super-featherweight bout.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Heath won his second gold medal of the World Canoe Slalom Championships with victory in the K2 200m in his first race since the Rio Games.
Isle of Man's Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Under-21 Championship for the first time in their history after beating Hungary in the final of the tournament in Hungary on Sunday.
The final SS Great Britain ship to be built at a dockyard in the UK is set to leave the city where it was built, it has been announced.
Too many older people are being "institutionalised" in care homes where they have a "lack of choice and control over their lives", a report has said.
The government is to double or even quadruple the discounts available to social housing tenants who buy their homes under the right to buy scheme, the BBC understands.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has risen by more than a third in the past five years, official figures show.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man who was stabbed to death in South Lanarkshire.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Belgium Under-21 midfielder Emmanuel Acheampong on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest caretaker boss Gary Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in their search for a new manager, but insists he is "very well supported" by owner Steve Coppell.
A charity in Australia has asked the public to help save the lives of animals that have been injured in bushfires, by sewing tiny mittens for koalas that have had their paws burned by the flames.
Babies born with a cleft lip or palate are often missed at birth because of a lack of early diagnosis, the Royal College of Surgeons has warned.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike in a dispute over their pay have been sacked just days before Christmas, it has been reported.
York City have re-signed striker Chris Parkin on loan from National League rivals Macclesfield Town until the end of the season on a one-month loan deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out plans to expand bus services in England and bring the railways back into public ownership as he launched his re-election bid for the Labour leadership.
There is no need for a "one-size-fits-all" approach to dieting, with many diets offering similar weight loss benefits, according to a study of more than 7,000 overweight people.
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by a piece of metal that had fallen from a building site.
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane says Super League should be "patted on the back" after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the World Club Challenge for the first time in their history on Saturday.
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could be tracked in real-time by satellites for the first time, the UN's aviation agency has said.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in skins from captive tigers, according to officials and wildlife conservationists at a meeting of an international convention on illegal wildlife trade.
The UK economy is "taking Brexit in its stride" but is facing a period of "relatively low growth" next year, according to a new report.
A Flintshire man has admitted making threats to kill himself and police officers by shooting them on the Dee Estuary in Flintshire, a court has heard.
Inverness-Amsterdam flights have been extended for the first time to allow passengers to spend a full day in the Netherlands, it has been announced.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of second-half tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to stun Pro12 leaders Leinster in a pulsating encounter at Scotstoun.
A consultation on the location of a UK spaceport in Snowdonia has been launched as part of a drive to find a new hub for space tourism in the country.
Arcade Fire have brought the Glastonbury Festival to a close with a rousing set, despite a thunderstorm that forced the cancellation of Rudimental and Rudimental's set and a power cut that forced Metallica to close the main stage.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced that the 2017 Women's World Twenty20 will be held at Lord's and Bristol's Grace Road from June to July.
The number of people killed in Nigeria's Boko Haram Islamist insurgency has risen to at least 40 after a convoy carrying staff abducted by the militant group was ambushed in the north-eastern city of Maiduguri on Tuesday, officials say.
Irish actor Michael Lally, who was best known for his role as Miley Byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe, has died in Dublin at the age of 60.
Middlesex opener Sam Robson hit his highest first-class score to help his side build a big first-innings lead against Warwickshire on day one at Edgbaston.
One of the world's most important coral reefs has suffered its worst coral bleaching in at least 40 years, according to a new study.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after Cyprus struck a deal with its creditors to secure a 10bn-euro ($13bn; Â£8.5bn) bailout, but the country's president has said the deal was the "best that could have been struck".
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest for the first time in his bid to raise money for cancer charity Macmillan.
Volunteers have threatened to move out of a church hall in Gwynedd because of a rise in the cost of renting the building.
Tributes have been paid to three members of the same family who were killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils in Wales need more challenging science lessons, according to the chief inspector of schools, Estyn.
Muslims in the US have offered to stand guard at Jewish cemeteries and synagogues in the wake of recent bomb threats and vandalism against Jewish sites in the country, in a show of solidarity with the Jewish community.
Two brothers who carried out a "sustained, frenzied and savage attack" on a drug dealer in a bid to rob him of a gold bracelet have been jailed for life.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows in Manchester and Denmark this week, and his performance at Parklife in London has been met with a mixed reaction from fans and critics.
Brentford have confirmed that manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season and will be replaced by a new head coach in the summer.
A former aide to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably one of the people who should have pulled the emergency alarm" when the UMP party overspent on its 2012 election campaign.
US President Barack Obama has become the first sitting US president to visit Cuba since the country's communist government was overthrown more than 50 years ago.
A fire on board a Wightlink ferry was caused by an air conditioning unit, the firm has said.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to cover up the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash after being dropped off at his home by one of the accused.
Deodorant firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for its black and white range of products was widely shared on social media and picked up by the far-right alt-right movement.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter, who missed the chance to move into the top seven as they were held to a goalless draw at the Kassam Stadium.
Sale Sharks have signed ex-Wales international Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 for the 2016-17 season.
Scientists in the UK are trying to map the behaviour of the world's tectonic plates from space, in a bid to find out how fast they are shifting.
Here is the full text of David Cameron's statement on becoming prime minister after the Conservatives won the general election, following the Liberal Democrats' failure to win a majority.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in a rain-affected match in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series and set up a decider against the hosts in Sunday's final one-day international.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has been accused by the leader of his party's assembly group of being a "part-time AM" for not resigning from his role as an MEP.
An Easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam after the pilot reported a "burning chemical smell" in the cabin, the airline has said.
Up to 300,000 new apprenticeships should be created each year in England to tackle a "patchwork" vocational education system, a think tank has said.
Plans to build a £50m hydro-electric scheme in Snowdonia have been withdrawn following a request from Natural Resources Wales, the company behind the scheme has said.
A gang of heroin dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of the "highly addictive evil drug" have been jailed for a total of 18 years.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering severe brain damage during a pre-season friendly match in Germany on Saturday, the Dutch club have said.
It is 73 years since Sir William Ewart Gladstone, the father of the welfare state, first outlined his vision for the state in a newspaper article.
Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A, saying it makes the game "like water polo" and is "not good for football".
A financial services firm has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs in Worcestershire by the end of the year with the creation of up to 200 new jobs.
David Cameron "deserves to find a role commensurate with his talents" but should not be the next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud's Kimberley Walsh and Les Miserables star Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Russian fans of Western pop culture have become increasingly active on Twitter, despite the political tensions between Russia and the West over the Ukraine crisis and the conflict in Syria, and are increasingly promoting their favourite artists on the social media site.
Neil Lennon's decision to become Hibernian's new manager was not based on a desire to return to the top flight of Scottish football, but rather on the chance to build on the progress that was made at the club last season.
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has joined Istanbul Basaksehir from Galatasaray on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
More than 10,000 people will be heading to the polls in West Lothian and Livingston on 8 May to vote in the general election - more than half the population of the constituency, home to the last two miners to work in the area.
The Home Office has been urged to spell out more clearly where it draws the line over "equipment interference" by MPs, amid concerns about children's toys and "smart toys" that connect to the internet.
Myanmar's government has signed a collective ceasefire deal with more than 30 armed groups, including some of the country's largest rebel groups, in a move it hopes will help end decades of conflict.
Venezuela's military says it has shot down two unauthorised planes in mid-air in the past 24 hours, in what officials say is the first such incident since a new law was approved by President Nicolas Maduro.
Mental health services for new mothers and their babies are to receive a £1.5m boost, the Welsh government has announced.
One of China's biggest technology companies has reached a deal with the US government to settle charges that it violated export controls.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose last year for the first time in three years, according to the UN's latest report on the issue.
A man who stabbed his wife to death after finding out he was the father of their two children was suffering from a "delusional disorder" has pleaded guilty to culpable homicide.
France will keep troops in Mali for as long as it takes to fight Islamist militants, the French defence minister has said, as the country prepares to withdraw most of its forces by the end of the year.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing China's alleged cybercrimes during their first face-to-face talks in Washington.
Flooding in Warwickshire has forced the closure of schools and caused disruption to transport in and out of the county.
A swan has been rescued by the RSPCA after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in London's West End.
Theresa May has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of choosing a "UKIP-style version of Brexit" which will cause "real damage" to the NHS, after she told an audience that if the government failed to make a success of Brexit, the public services would not be funded.
Celtic moved three points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle, who were reduced to 10 men at the end of the game.
Harry Shearer, the British actor best known for voicing the voices of Homer Simpson and Ned Flanders in The Simpsons, has turned down the chance to reprise his roles for the next two series of the hit US sitcom, the show's producers have confirmed.
Plans to scrap student grants for nurses in England have been criticised by the Royal College of Nursing and other health workers, who say it will make it more difficult for the NHS to recruit enough nurses.
An Australian court has overturned the approval of a giant coal mine proposed by Indian company Adani, after the discovery of two of the country's rarest and most endangered reptiles.
Four-time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards-Ross says she has been "healed" by the support she has received from other female athletes after revealing that she had an abortion before the 2008 Games.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be separated from negotiations on a free trade deal with the European Union.
The Scottish Labour Party will be holding its spring conference in Aberdeen later this month.
British actors should be encouraged to stay in the UK rather than move to the US because of a lack of opportunities in the country, actress Tonia Jumbo has said.
The government's plans for more selective schools in England are likely to help only a small number of high ability disadvantaged pupils at the cost of those who do not, say researchers.
Wales and Cardiff Blues scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he is "not made out of glass" by the injury problems that have plagued him since joining the Blues in 2014.
Ten years ago I was covering the launch of the iPhone at San Francisco’s Moscone Centre for the BBC Ten O’Clock News when I was asked to take a photograph of the event.
A new £100m science and technology complex in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened by the UK government.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed ex-Essex and Leeds Rhinos coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League Women's Super League season.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford from Stoke City on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in more than 50 years in May, official figures have shown, reversing the previous month's negative rate.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she is not going to "stifle debate" on cutting the top rate of tax for the top 1% of earners.
Former British champion Hannah Graddon has announced her retirement from diving, four years after missing out on a place at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in the US state of California in which one of the trains derailed and the other was travelling at 15mph (24kph), officials say.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing websites, has been taken down for the second time in six years, but it appears to have come back online a day early.
Previews and team news for all of the weekend's Premier League games, as Everton host Bournemouth, Newcastle host Crystal Palace and West Brom travel to West Brom.
The world will "almost certainly" breach its target of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels by the end of the century, according to new research.
The RSPCA Cymru has reported a rise in the number of convictions for animal abuse and neglect in 2013, with a 100% conviction rate for the first time.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and took her benefits for several months after she was found dead has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Stephen Mulgrew says Ards will be looking to bounce back from their heavy defeat by Cliftronville when the two sides meet at Bangor on Tuesday night.
What do we know for sure about the health of the world's banks and the stability of the financial system, after the last financial crisis and the fact that they have seen their share prices fall by more than a third in the last year?
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram says he wants to "earn a good living and play the game that he enjoys" after signing a new deal with the Welsh county.
Lewis Hamilton will start from pole position at the Australian Grand Prix from the back of the grid for the first time this season after Formula 1's controversial new qualifying format failed to materialise.
A Fifa official banned from football for two years over his role in the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar has had his ban reduced to two years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
An investigation has been launched after the body of an elderly man was found inside a burnt-out house in the Elgin area of Glasgow.
A collection of photographs taken by a photographer during the 1970s anti-racism campaign by the Rock Against Racism (RAR) movement have gone on display in Leeds.
Sunderland's new signing Michael Vaughan says his new team-mates are eager to prove they are mentally tough enough to succeed in the Championship this season.
The decision by the Trump administration to pull the US out of the Paris climate agreement was a blow to Rex Tillerson, and to the State Department, and it's also bad news for diplomacy.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after losing to Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Copa del Rey.
Boris Johnson has urged rival Eurosceptics to "hold their fire" and not get "wrapped up in tiny issues" over who should lead the campaign to leave the EU, ahead of a decision on which group should be designated as the official Leave campaign.
A group of imams in Mauritania has called for the death penalty to be imposed on a blogger who has been sentenced to death for "insulting the Prophet Muhammad" ahead of a Supreme Court hearing on Tuesday.
A Dundee company has admitted health and safety breaches following the death of a man who died after inhaling toxic fumes from an industrial paint stripper tank.
The UK's first Astute class of nuclear-powered submarine has been launched at a ceremony in Cumbria, marking a "significant milestone" in the project's development.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says he hopes manager Chris Coleman will sign a new contract to stay in charge of the national team beyond Euro 2016.
Security experts say they have found flaws in a global tracking system used by some of the world's biggest companies that could make it easy to spy on their assets and spy on them via the internet.
Actress Joan Collins, who was made a dame in the Queen's New Year's Honours list, has said she would "never take an honour from the monarch".
A nest of Egyptian geese has been found inside a bird box at a nature reserve after a family of goslings were spotted in the nest.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Burnley in a bid to secure a place at Euro 2016.
Rory Burns hit the second-highest score of his career as Surrey and Hampshire played out a thrilling draw in their Division One match at The Oval.
One of the UK's largest care home operators is expected to announce a major restructuring on Wednesday, with the loss of thousands of jobs and the closure of hundreds of homes, the BBC has learned.
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in England being treated within 62 days of being referred to a specialist has fallen for the first time in three years, figures show.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals could lose their habitats if global temperatures rise by more than 4 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the 12 months to the end of August, with more than 40 million passengers travelling to and from the airport, up 5% on the same period last year.
An ex-cabinet member and former economy chief councillor have been accused of misconduct over the sale of council property, a report has found.
The Football Association has announced it will donate £250,000 to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire to help those affected by the tragedy when the Community Shield is held in memory of the victims.
At least 248 people have been killed in air strikes on rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo in the past week, a monitoring group says, as fighting continues in the city.
A hospital trust has gone on trial accused of breaching health and safety regulations after a patient was impaled on a metal post in a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has called for religious education to be included in the English Baccalaureate, saying it is "the worst possible moment" to downgrade the status of religious education in secondary schools.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry which was started accidentally by a rubbish fire, the fire service has said.
Oxfordshire could become the first county in the UK to have an elected mayor to run all its local services, under plans being considered by the county council.
Barnsley have signed left-back Angus MacDonald from Torquay United on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Co-operative Group has warned that it is unlikely to declare any dividends for the next three years due to "higher levels of investment" in its food and funeral businesses.
The US Navy is taking part in its largest ever anti-submarine warfare exercise in the waters off the coast of the UK, where it is searching for the German U-boat U33, which was sunk by the Soviet submarine Red October in 1941.
A US rocket has exploded shortly after launching from a launch pad in the US state of Virginia, destroying a spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station.
A woman accused of making a "firing sign" at BBC Radio Two presenter Jeremy Vine during a road rage incident has appeared in court.
Scientists have reconstructed for the first time how the Chicxulub Crater formed when an asteroid smashed into the Earth, causing the end of the dinosaurs and the cooling of the Earth's climate.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assault following an alleged attack on a woman at a party in the capital, Pretoria, last month.
J McKee and Sean O'Donoghue both scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World League 3 quarter-finals at Belfast's Kingspan Stadium.
The number of seahorses in Bristol Bay has plummeted in the last three years, according to the Royal Yachting Association and the Seahorse Trust.
One of India's best-known sculptors, Bipin Chand, who created a rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh using rubble from the city's old buildings, has died at the age of 89.
British Cycling's former performance director Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying at the sport's governing body.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion for the NHS in Northern Ireland, which include a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved in cases where a mental health assessment is required.
When the hand of God strikes, nudging a major GCSE exam into the path of an England World Cup match, it can be a teachers' worst nightmare.
Zinedine Zidane has been given the go-ahead to take charge of a Spanish third-tier club for the rest of the season after being cleared to do so by the country's football federation.
A new road in Taunton has opened after more than a year of delays caused by a dispute over the cost of the project, Somerset County Council has said.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
Police Scotland has said it remains committed to closing control rooms in the Central Belt as part of a reorganisation of the force's call centre network.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play at the 2018 World Cup in Russia after his side were knocked out of the Euro 2016 play-off in the last 16.
Burundi's public prosecutor's office says it has arrested a number of people in connection with the killing of a senior army general in an attack on his car last week.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress for the fifth year in a row, according to Forbes magazine's annual list of the highest-paid actresses.
Thousands of people affected by the Nepal earthquake have blocked roads in remote villages in protest at a lack of aid, saying they fear they will starve to death without it.
Cuba's leader has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "old and hostile rhetoric" in response to his recent policy changes on the island.
David Tennant has revealed that he almost wrote a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" newspaper headline for a new play he's starring in in London.
The US Secret Service, the agency that protects US President Barack Obama, needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it protects the White House, according to a government review.
Gibraltar is in talks with Scotland and Northern Ireland about the possibility of sharing sovereignty with them following the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the territory's top minister has said.
Aslef, the union representing Arriva Trains Wales drivers, has said its members are to stage a second strike next month, a year after the first walkout caused major disruption to services.
Paraguay's President Horacio Rodríguez de Kirchner has announced he will not run for re-election next year, after months of anti-government protests.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time in two years on Tuesday, in their first face-to-face meeting since the 2014 annexation of Crimea.
Islamic State (IS) militants have been driven out of the northern Syrian town of al-Rai, a military source and activists say, after rebel forces recaptured the town from the jihadist group.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan won his 10th World Championship title with a 10-1 victory over Barry Hawkins at the Crucible Theatre in London.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the 2015 assembly election.
A charity is launching a campaign to help people who have been stalked by ex-partners to help police catch them before they go on to become violent.
China and India are set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Every bank and post office worker in England and Wales is to be trained to look out for signs that their customers are being conned out of money by fraudsters.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in London where the Labour Party is hoping to make gains in the general election.
Five Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in their home town of Ospreylian for the second time in a week.
Passengers at Belfast International Airport were stuck on planes for several hours on Tuesday night as high winds forced the airport to divert flights to Dublin and Luton.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee, understood to be in the region of £25m.
You might not associate academic analysis with raucous outdoor performances or atmospheric indoor shows under candlelight, but that's exactly what Shakespeare's Globe theatre is trying to achieve with its new Jacobean-era theatres.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of buying the club's Liberty Stadium home and expanding the ground.
Former Manchester United and QPR defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association following Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of leading his side to their first Pro12 title since winning the title with Glasgow Warriors in 2013.
Families of some of the victims of Bloody Sunday have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier on suspicion of involvement in the killings.
A stowaway who tried to smuggle himself into the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has said he did it because he heard beggars in the city could make a fortune, Chinese media report.
Downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would be a "huge risk" for the BBC, the corporation's director general has said.
A new waste-fired power station is to be built on the site of the Ferrybridge 'B' power station, it has been announced.
As Britain marks the 90th anniversary of the end of World War Two, the BBC is marking the contribution of black West Indian servicemen and women who served in Britain's armed forces.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it was a "great shame" that Great Britain's women's football team were not allowed to compete at the 2016 Olympics.
A project to boost the numbers of one of the UK's rarest birds of prey has been hailed as a success after it returned to Breckland for the first time in more than a decade.
Two former Scottish Labour leaders have hit out at Joanne Lamont after she resigned as leader of the party in Scotland, saying she had been "badly advised" by Ed Miliband and others.
Shares in ARM Holdings have jumped by more than 45% after Japan's Softbank said it would buy the UK chipmaker for £18.5bn in a deal that would create the world's second-biggest technology firm.
Edinburgh City secured a place in the Scottish League Two play-offs with a 4-2 win over Cove Rangers in the second leg of their promotion/relegation play-off semi-final.
The government should hold off raising the state pension age until it has worked out how to support the one in eight workers who are too ill to work before they even get to the age of 65, the TUC has said.
An NHS trust has said it is "vigilant" about fire safety at a hospital after an internal investigation found "potential issues" with the building's infrastructure.
A 37-year-old man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has released a new set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Up to 90,000 customers of Carphone Warehouse may have had their personal data stolen in a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man to mark the 70th anniversary of the work of a World War Two interned soldier who developed the technique while in a Nazi concentration camp.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the house where the toddler was found dead after he was allegedly strangled by a young boy he blamed for his death.
Hospitals and other health services in England are expected to overspend by more than £3bn this year, according to the latest official figures, with the Department of Health warning it is "scrambling around" to find ways to balance the books.
David Cameron's EU reform deal is likely to lead to a "surge" in the number of migrants coming to the UK, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to cycling, according to six-time Tour de France winner Greg LeMond, who says the disgraced former champion is not capable of winning the race again.
Malaysia has strongly denied allegations that billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund, after Switzerland said it was investigating possible money-laundering in the country.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State was asked to intervene in a row over the use of the word 'Derry' in official letters in 1986, a Stormont file has revealed.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83, his agent has said.
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to the top of the North American box office chart, taking $66.5m (Â£50m) in its opening weekend, beating both the first film and the new Mad Max film.
Microsoft has revealed details of its next Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio, which it says will be more powerful than Sony's PS4 Pro and the Xbox One S.
A UKIP election candidate has resigned from his seat after posting on Facebook about US President Barack Obama and Adolf Eichmann in the run-up to the general election.
One of the biggest children's books of the year is The Roald Dahl Book of the Year, which has just been released in the UK.
Pret A Manger has said it will pay all teenagers who take part in an unpaid work experience week, after it was reported they would be given free food.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has told the National League club's new owners they have "technically saved" the club, but must gain the trust of fans.
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut short story Disappearances, beating Hilary Mantel, Claire Bennett, Claire Greenlaw and Tahmima Anam to the title.
The Egyptian authorities have launched an investigation into a series of shark attacks in the Red Sea off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh, in the Sinai peninsula, in recent weeks.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh in support of those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
Hundreds of farmers have taken part in a rally outside Holyrood to highlight the importance of food production in Scotland's rural economy.
Alastair Cook has been the subject of a lot of criticism over the past few months, but he now has a chance to silence some of his critics.
The former head of the UK Army in Afghanistan has warned against "playing the Taliban's game" after a series of recent attacks by the militant group.
What do you do if you are caught outside in a thunderstorm?
Lotus has been given more time to complete its takeover by Renault after HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) was granted an adjournment in its winding-up petition against the team.
Northamptonshire and Sussex were forced to settle for a draw after rain washed out the final day of their Division Two match at Hove.
Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin says Wayne Bennett's appointment as England head coach is a "great move" for rugby league, but believes the sport has moved on from the days when it was all about having an Englishman in charge of the national side.
Chelsea made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 6-1 victory over Yeovil Town, while Sunderland were held to a 1-1 draw by Arsenal.
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a boy at a children's home in the 1960s and 1970s, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in Africa last year has said she wants to help free a man who has been falsely accused of involvement in the crime.
It was 30 years ago this week that Fijian rugby union legend Viliame Matavesi was working as a tin miner in South Crofty, Cornwall, when he first came to the UK to play for Camborne rugby club in the 1980s.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in Kilmarnock in what police have described as an "unexplained" murder-suicide.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with two counts of preparing acts of terrorism and one count of preparing terrorist acts.
Bookmakers have been accused of putting pressure on staff working in high street betting shops to encourage people to gamble on fixed-odds betting machines, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City and Aldershot Town midfielder Joe Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched as part of the counter-terrorism investigation into the Westminster terror attack, police have said.
The attack on the shrine of Ayutthaya in the Thai capital, Bangkok, has been described by the prime minister as the "worst ever attack on Thailand", and by the government as an attempt to "destroy" the country's economy.
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually assaulting two women he offered a lift home in his patrol car.
Boris Johnson has been accused of breaking the law by giving his wife a lift on the back of his bike in a video filmed by a passing car.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a rise in the number of cases of men being tricked into performing sex acts online and then blackmailed into sending money to an account in Ivory Coast.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been back on BBC Radio 4's Today programme to do a bit more explaining of what he means when he says he's going to cut the UK's budget deficit.
A rare sea turtle that was found "comatose" on a beach in Gwynedd has been moved to a larger tank at an Anglesey zoo after making a "remarkable" recovery.
Walsall's Erhun Oztumer scored twice as the Saddlers beat Swindon in League One to move up to third in the table.
Cameras in three Denbighshire towns are to be moved to Cheshire in a bid to cut down on crime and disorder in the area.
South Sudan and Malawi were both knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifiers on Saturday as Madagascar and Mauritius booked their places in the next round of the tournament.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country's policy towards the "arrogant" US, regardless of whether it is approved or disapproved.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania's School of Architecture in Philadelphia has resigned in protest at a new Texas law that allows universities to ban guns on campus.
UKIP leadership candidate Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot in the contest to succeed Nigel Farage, the party has announced.
League One side Walsall have signed midfielder Jonny Williams from Crewe Alexandra for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher who downloaded more than 1,000 indecent images of children has been found unfit to teach after being found guilty of a serious sexual offence.
A firearms licence was revoked from a man who liked "highly offensive" posts on Facebook about the Muslim faith, a court has heard.
Armenian weightlifter Artur Vardanian has been provisionally suspended for two years after failing a retest for a banned steroid at the London 2012 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a soldier who became obsessed with her have told of the moment they found out their daughter had been killed.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative leader in the House of Lords, is to step down after 14 years in the role, it has been announced.
A County Tyrone sandwich maker has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The chief executive of Japan's biggest advertising agency, Dentsu, has said he will step down following the death of a worker who took her own life because of overwork.
A man killed his wife by dousing her in white spirit and setting her on fire before going for a walk with the family dog, a court has heard.
At least five people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on an Afghan army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation on the location of the UK's next nuclear waste dump has been held in the Scottish Borders.
The chairman of Google, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate over the company's tax arrangements in the UK, saying it is not an "optional" part of its business.
Mozambique, which won independence from Portugal in 1975 after decades of civil war, is one of Africa's fastest-growing economies and is on the cusp of a major economic boom thanks to the discovery of natural gas off its coast.
A Robin Hood re-enactor is getting married to his Maid Marian five years after the pair first met at a banquet in Nottingham, where they threw axes at each other as part of a show.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Southend United, thanks to a second-half strike from James Main.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of one of the country's biggest agricultural businesses to foreign investors, but the country may still allow foreign investors to buy some of its vast cattle stations.
Bradford City and Shrewsbury fought back from a goal down to earn a draw in League One, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time after conceding a late equaliser.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in the Amazon rainforest in Guyana on the final day of his tour of the Caribbean.
A 30-year-old man has been shot in the leg near a primary school in Londonderry on Saturday.
The trial of one of the most powerful families in the Philippines, the Ampatuans, has begun in the capital, Manila, of a man accused of masterminding a massacre that has shocked the country.
I am a bit baffled, to say the least, by the Greek government's latest proposals for a new bailout.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay deal in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, paving the way for a Night Tube service, the Aslef union has said.
The former chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 90.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis on a deal until the end of the season as cover for injured duo Neil Alexander and Lee Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration for the second time in less than a year.
A British soldier who was killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence as a soldier who died from his injuries on his second tour of duty in the country.
A total of 332 acres of land has been burnt by wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month, it has been revealed.
First Minister Theresa May has been named as the UK's most influential woman by the BBC's Women's Hour power list, ahead of the Duchess of Cambridge at sixth place.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Jimmy White are through to the quarter-finals of the Scottish Open as John Higgins and Stephen Maguire also reached the last 16 on day one of the event at the Crucible Theatre in Glasgow.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to be able to make a difference to the world after losing his mother at the age of 13.
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers in London has been called off, the union Unite has said.
A judge in the US has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the country in a patent dispute with Apple, ending a six-month ban imposed after a jury found that Samsung did not violate a patent.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Newcastle Knights centre Tyler Walker on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Wakefield Trinity in the summer.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has bought a 10% stake in Twitter in a deal worth about $2bn (Â£1.8bn).
More than half of UK sportswomen do not report sexism to UK Sport, according to a survey carried out by BBC Sport for the BBC Sport website.
A collection of Dr Who memorabilia, including props from the hit sci-fi series, has been put up for auction by the actor who played the lead in the show, Peter Capaldi.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against the Scottish football club over its former merchandise deal with Sports Direct, a judge has ruled.
A former member of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has said the government's "Fresh Start" deal on the past will not be able to solve the legacy of the Troubles.
About 17 people had to be rescued from a fire at a block of flats in West Lothian after a blaze broke out on the third floor of a six-storey building.
Ethiopian Airlines has become the first airline to fly the revamped Boeing 787 Dreamliner, which has been grounded since January due to safety concerns.
US TV series Homeland has been criticised for its depiction of the Middle East after a group of graffiti artists said they used the show's Arabic script to "subvert the message" of a recent episode.
Sprinter Sacre, the Champion Chase winner at the 2013 Cheltenham Festival, has been put down after a career that spanned five years.
The British Airline Pilots' Association has said it will appeal against a judge's decision to allow prosecutors to access the cockpit voice recorder from a Super Puma helicopter crash.
As the Conservatives prepare for their party conference in Manchester this weekend, the party's MPs in the North East will be watching to see what solution a party with such a small power base in the region can come up with for the region's particular concerns about any new UK settlement.
Police are investigating whether a batch of heroin could be linked to the deaths of two people and a number of medical emergencies in south Wales in the past week.
Domino's Pizza Enterprises, the Australian owner of the Domino's brand, has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create the world's largest pizza chain.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after an incident at a pub in Gwynedd in which a man was stabbed to death.
A man has been charged with the rape of a boy in Cumbria more than a decade ago, police have said.
A former vice-president of the Venezuelan Football Federation has pleaded guilty in a US court in connection with the Fifa corruption scandal, the latest in a long-running investigation into the world football governing body.
It's been an eventful week in the US presidential campaign, with both sides of the presidential race embroiled in a series of controversies that could define the final month of the campaign.
Three women who had relationships with undercover police officers have told MPs they were left "devastated" and "shocked" after discovering they had been duped into thinking they were in a relationship with officers who were in fact undercover officers.
A Londoner who faked his own death in Syria to cover up his activities in the warzone has been found guilty of terrorism offences and faces up to life in prison.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man whose body was found in a tunnel in the Peak District.
The Conservative Party's annual meeting of its backbencher 1922 committee has been moved forward by a few days to allow more time for the fallout from the election result to sink in.
MPs have voted that the Football Association should change the way it is run, and they want more women and people from ethnic minorities to have a say in how the organisation is run.
This is Theresa May's first general election manifesto as prime minister, and it is long on her vision of "a new kind of Britain" and short on specific policies that could become hostages to fortune in government.
Bangladesh beat England for the first time in their history to win the second Test in Chittagong and take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series with a stunning innings-and-96-run victory.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is already having an impact on Europe, and that the bloc is set to become "more vulnerable" to the impacts of climate change.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby because of a head injury.
Former professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes, one of the biggest names in the sport's history, has died at the age of 74.
The UK is the biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union, with more than a quarter of all lamb sold in the UK coming from the continent.
GPs in England are being offered thousands of pounds in incentives to cut the number of patients being sent to hospital, an investigation by the BBC has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury and will not be available for selection in the Premier League this season.
Jeremy Clarkson's Top Gear co-hosts Richard Hammond and James May could quit the show, according to BBC director general Tony Yentob, who has spoken to the BBC about the controversy surrounding the presenter's suspension.
Bristol's multi-million pound public transport scheme has been left without a commercial operator for the first time in its history, the BBC has learned.
Paralympic gold medallist David Davies has broken his own world record in the shot put with a throw of 16.13m at the Phoenix Grand Prix.
It all started with a sharp corner at the end of the first lap of the women's Olympic road race in Rio last month.
When Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura moved to Rwanda in 2011, he had no idea what he was going to do with his life, but when he arrived in the country he was inspired by the quality of education he saw in the schools he visited.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Ryan Baxter after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) was launched in September 2012, in a bid to encourage banks to lend more money to businesses, and to help the economy recover from the financial crisis.
A Canadian woman who bought a C$1m (Â£700,000; $1.1m) lottery ticket for her husband only to find out she had won C$2.5m ($1.6m; Â£1.4m) has been awarded C
Two legal challenges to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland have been rejected by the High Court in Belfast.
A ram has been chosen to replace Lance Corporal Derby, the Army's mascot who died last year, after being selected from a flock of sheep.
Forest Green Rovers moved into the National League play-off places with victory over National League leaders Halifax, thanks to goals from Jordan Parkin and Josh Frear.
A man has been charged with possessing a knife and an axe with intent to cause grievous bodily harm with intent after being arrested in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh has won the Tour of Britain for the first time after finishing fourth on the final stage of the Volta a Catalunya.
Eilish McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator" as she bids to secure a place in the Great Britain team for this summer's Olympics in Rio.
Edinburgh prop Alasdair Dickinson says his side must win all their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of making the European Champions Cup play-offs.
Priti Patel is the brother-in-law of a man who carried out one of the worst terrorist attacks in British history - the 7/7 attacks in London, which left 52 people dead and more than 1,000 injured.
From nightclubs to sports grounds to television studios, it seems almost everyone's had a dip at doing the dab - but now an Irish politician has taken the dance move to the Dáil (Irish parliament).
ScottishPower is launching a new way of buying energy that will allow customers to buy packages of gas and electricity by the day, rather than by the kilowatt-hour.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria for the first time in more than a year to meet rebel leaders, his spokesman has confirmed to the BBC.
British number one Johanna Konta has beaten world number two Simona Halep 6-4 6-2 in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died after a six-month battle with cancer, his family have confirmed.
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is to be the headline act at this year's Coronation Street Festival in Liverpool, it has been announced.
A campaign to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands has been launched with the aim of reducing the number of young people taking alcohol in the region.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern city of Mosul have been hampered by bad weather, military officials say, as they continue to advance towards the centre of the city.
China's government has called for a radical change in the way it develops the country's economy, saying it needs to reduce its reliance on coal and other fossil fuels.
A cat called Pietro has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake-hit Italian city of Bologna after being found by his owners.
European press reaction to the French and Greek elections has been largely positive, with many commentators saying they have opened the way for a reorientation of Europe's politics and the euro, but others warning that the new French president, Francois Hollande, must quickly demonstrate his willingness to co-operate.
A search is under way for the remains of King Henry I, who is thought to have been buried at a medieval abbey in Oxfordshire, in the 11th Century.
Former Monty Python star Bill Jones has been presented with a lifetime achievement award at the Bafta Wales Film Awards, a day after his son Mark Lewis Jones received the same accolade on his behalf.
Mexico's Football Federation (FMF) has been warned by Fifa that it could be expelled from the Confederations Cup if it continues to condone homophobic chanting.
The war in Syria has left the country's antiquities in tatters, with the Islamic State (IS) militant group claiming to have taken control of large parts of the country, including the ancient city of Palmyra.
Mae grŵp wedi ymgymryd â chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid yn Sir Benfro
Roger Federer says he would be "happy" to play Rafael Nadal at the US Open if the Spaniard were to reach the final of the tournament for the first time.
US private equity firm KKR has increased its bid for Australia's TWE Group, the world's biggest winemaker of wine, with a new offer worth more than AU$5bn (Â£3.5bn).
Stuart O'Flynn's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Crusaders against 10-man Coleraine at the Brandywell.
A Norwegian team of scientists says they have found evidence that a famous painting of The Scream could have been inspired by a very rare type of cloud formation that formed in the atmosphere around the artist's home city of Oslo in the early 19th Century.
The BBC Citizens Advice Bureau is asking the public to tell us what they think about cold calling and how they feel about the practice.
British driver Max Chilton said he thought of former Marussia team-mate Max Bianchi "every five or 10 laps" as he won Sunday's Indy Lights race in the wake of the Frenchman's death.
Dementia researchers are using a new mobile game to study how people with the condition behave in the sea.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty" after police said ground searches will be expanded over the weekend.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest against Sports Direct's use of zero-hour contracts, calling for an end to so-called "Victorian working practices".
Hospitals and GP surgeries in areas with high or extremely high rates of HIV should offer HIV tests on admission to hospital in Lambeth, according to new guidance from the health watchdog NICE.
"A punt, a punt, a pun, a punt and a punt."
More than 10% of lorry and van drivers working in the transport industry tested positive for illegal drugs in the past year, a BBC investigation has found.
It's been a year and a half since al-Wair, the last remaining rebel-held area outside the Syrian city of Homs, fell to the Syrian government.
Mashkel is one of the most remote and remote towns in Pakistan's Balochistan province, and the epicentre of Tuesday's earthquake which killed more than 1,000 people and injured more than 2,000.
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 people accused of spying for Iran, including prominent members of the country's Shia Muslim community, in a case that could have implications for relations between the two countries.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Liam Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first Briton to paddle the length of the longest river in the world on a paddle board, despite having to paddle past crocodiles.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned amid allegations of sexual harassment against him, in a blow to Prime Minister Julia Gillard.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in the number of tourists visiting the city from around the world on cruise ships, according to the city's visitor and convention bureau.
TomSka is one of YouTube's most popular vloggers and, like many of his peers, he's made millions of pounds from his videos.
One-third of Redrow's landbank is being held back by the planning system, the company's chief executive has said, as the company reported a rise in half-year profits.
England full-back Kevin Hall says his side must not dwell on Saturday's defeat by Australia and focus on next week's World Cup semi-final against Tonga.
Laura Robson was on holiday in Italy last week when she received an email from her agent telling her she had been awarded a wildcard into the main draw of the US Open.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice after a man was arrested on suspicion of making threats to kill.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach on a two-year contract, with the Scottish Championship club hoping to return to the top flight next season.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the vacant head coach's job in the West Indies, BBC Sport has learned.
Plans for a National Civil War History Centre in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead by the Heritage Lottery Fund after the council secured £1.3m of funding from the government.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's Germany Under-19 international Alex Pritchard on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's British indoor 5,000m record is expected to be confirmed as official, despite concerns about whether the race was "genuine" and did not meet the criteria set by UK Athletics, according to her former rival Jo McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret detention centre in Buenos Aires during the country's military rule.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to retain the Ashes despite their first Test victory in Cardiff, despite his side's strong start to the series.
Plans to turn a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre into flats have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
More than 200 new minerals and mineral-like compounds have been created by humans in the last few thousand years, according to a list of 208 that has been approved by the international body that oversees the official catalogue of the world's minerals.
A 17-year-old Malaysian boy has had surgery to remove a foetus that had been living inside his stomach for more than a decade, according to local media reports.
Scotland will have 13 athletes at this summer's World Championships in London, the highest number of Scots at a major championships since 1983, according to Scottish Athletics.
Pupils at a school in Lancashire have been told they will be able to return to class on Monday after a "credible threat" was made against them by a Facebook user, police have said.
Australian police are investigating seven Melbourne women suspected of trying to travel to Syria and Iraq to join so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, local media report.
Mark Stoneman scored his first Championship century of the season but it was not enough to save Warwickshire from defeat as they beat Durham by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a "relatively small" impact on the UK economy, according to a report by the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's presence on England's tour of England this summer will be a huge boost for the Ashes campaign, and it will give the players an opportunity to show they are not going to be a laughing stock.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to pay compensation to retired firefighters and police officers affected by a pensions error.
Scientists at the University of York have described how lung cancer cells break free from their moorings and move around freely in a way similar to a tent, allowing them to spread to other parts of the body.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the third round of the French Open, as world number one Novak Djokovic beat Steve Darcis in straight sets.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as part of a thaw in relations between the US and Cuba.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City at Kenilworth Road.
Oculus, the company behind the Oculus Rift headset, has announced that it's going to be launching a new product in the UK later this year.
What would happen if Qatar, the world's richest country per capita, were to lose its access to clean water and its ability to export its food to the rest of the world because of a dispute with Saudi Arabia, Iran and other Gulf states?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Italy and France as part of a trade mission aimed at re-establishing economic ties between the Islamic Republic and its Western allies.
EastEnders fans have been given their first glimpse of the Taylors, a "noisy and brash" family who are set to move into Walford in the coming months.
If you're a farmer, you'll know that rain is very important for your crops to grow - it's what keeps them healthy and helps them to grow.
The Conservative party has won an increased majority on Northamptonshire County Council in the local election, taking 43 out of the 57 seats on the authority.
"We cannot really claim to have peace if we don't deal with the past," says Baroness O'Loan, the former chairwoman of the Historical Institutional Abuse Commission.
Newcastle United have signed striker Dwight Gayle from Crystal Palace and winger Matt Ritchie from Bournemouth on two-and-a-half-year deals.
More than 40 jobs are at risk with the collapse of a bus company which runs services from Aberystwyth to Cardiff, it has been claimed.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer in a "frenzied attack" has told a court he did not see her being hit with the weapon on the day of the killing.
Brighton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were thrashed by 10-man Huddersfield at the John Smith's Stadium.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife after she went on holiday to Pakistan with another man, a court has heard.
The Metropolitan Police is a "dangerous place to be" and officers should not have to think twice about carrying a gun because they fear the consequences of shooting someone, the force's outgoing commissioner has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria, forcing the closure of one of the county's largest shopping centres.
An MP has apologised after posting on social media that type 1 diabetes is "not preventable" and type 2 diabetes is not "preventable".
The Holocaust drama Suite Francaise, based on the 1940 novel of the same name by Irene Nemirovsky, is being released in the UK and Ireland on Friday, and the actress who plays the author has spoken of the "overwhelming" emotion she felt working on the film.
A huge fire at an oil refinery in Kent has been brought under control after more than 100 firefighters spent the night tackling a blaze which spread to three industrial units.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will play at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in June.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a tanker carrying corrosive acid off the coast of Cornwall when it became stuck in a 40ft (12m) swell.
Donald Trump's first official visit to the European Union - his first trip to Europe as president of the United States - has come to an end and he has returned to the White House.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Liverpool trainee Michael Ngoo on a one-month loan deal.
More than 100 people have been forced to leave their homes in Western Australia after a large bushfire broke out in a remote part of the state.
A police sergeant involved in the investigation into the death of an 11-year-old boy who took his own life spoke to his school manager in January, the family of the boy have said.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened in the last financial year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to official figures.
The number of cannabis farms discovered by police in the last two years has more than doubled to more than 7,000, according to a new study.
A jigsaw puzzle that took more than a month to complete after four pieces went missing has been sent back to Spain to be re-cut.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured after a car crashed into a crowd at a car rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners will take to the stage in Cardiff later to discuss the future of education in Wales at an event hosted by the Open University in the city.
A Denbighshire man has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation after he threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager when he was told to return it.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards for its investigation into the IRA's handling of sexual abuse allegations in the Troubles.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting a ceremony next week to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac in the south of the country, in protest at the country's new government's handling of the Holocaust.
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj has joined Championship side Charlton Athletic on loan until the end of the season after agreeing a deal that will see him move to Old Trafford for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Hearts fans could help raise £3m for the club's main stand at Tynecastle in the next two years as part of a plan to secure a £6m reserve to fund the project.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino has " bought into" a fitness programme to help him get back to full fitness after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Harlequins will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Saracens will travel to Exeter Chiefs in the other semi-final.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has paid tribute to her "lovely" son who had saved her life seven years ago.
England women beat world champions New Zealand in their final match of the Women's Rugby World Cup Qualifiers in Hamilton, New Zealand, to win the series 5-2.
A paraglider thought she was "going to die" when she came within 600ft (183m) of being hit by an A400M military aircraft, a report has found.
Firefighters are dealing with a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Londonderry.
A "clever and calculating" paedophile who bribed his victims with "fifa game currency" has been jailed for 12 years for child sex offences.
When Josephine Skousen broke her jaw on the London Underground, Oh Wonder were already well on their way to becoming one of the UK's fastest-selling bands of 2014, but the injury meant they had to change their name to Oh Wonder, and their music became a global sensation.
A four-year-old boy was referred to police after nursery staff mistook him for a jihadist for saying the word "cucumber" instead of "cooker bomb", the BBC has learned.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter was found in the boot of a car with two other children in the back, police say.
Police have been called to the High Street in Old Aberdeen following reports of a "disturbance" involving a "transgender" man and "anarchist" group following an attack on Conservative MP George Galloway at Aberdeen University.
Algeria made a winning start to their Africa Cup of Nations campaign as they beat Qatar 1-0 in their opening Group D match in Gabon.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League would be the "biggest achievement" of his career if his side beat a Romanian side in Group D of the Champions League.
Teachers in Wales are to be given new training to help them improve their skills as part of a £1.5bn overhaul of the way they are recruited and trained.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are struggling to cope with the pressure of playing for a club that has never won a Premier League title or major international tournament.
The body of a man has been found at a waste management company's recycling plant in Somerset, police have said.
The final list of candidates in the race to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be revealed on Wednesday, the party has said.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI has announced the launch of 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) across Northern Ireland, with the first set to be based in Lurgan and Armagh.
American football player Troy Polamalu has announced that he is to retire from the game at the age of 33.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a Swansea rugby player who died after being hit by a car in the city centre.
England's Stuart Bingham will take on world number one Judd Trump in the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Work to demolish a Denbighshire primary school and build a new one in its place is set to start next month.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte is to face trial on charges relating to the sale of the club, a court has heard.
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United beat Luton Town at Kenilworth Road to move into the League Two play-off places.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is serving a 12-year prison sentence for tax fraud, has received offers from around the world to do community service.
Leyton Orient have appointed Darren Edwards as first-team coach on a two-and-a-half-year contract after he left the League Two club by mutual consent.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the death penalty for careless drivers to be upgraded to manslaughter.
A man has been assaulted by a gang of armed men during a robbery at a house in Ballymena, County Antrim, in front of his family.
England batsman Jason Roy says he had no idea he was on the verge of becoming the country's second-highest scorer in one-day internationals until he saw it on television.
Wales hooker Ken Owens says he will not let his long spell on the bench affect his desire to start for his country, despite being known as a "super sub" for much of his career.
Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex and Worcestershire shared an unbroken century stand on a rain-hit opening day of their Division Two match at Chelmsford.
As Abid Naseer is sentenced to life in prison in the United States for his role in an al-Qaeda terror attack in Manchester in 2009, BBC News looks at how police believe he could have carried out a "mass-casualty" attack on the city centre.
Russia says it is beginning a "withdrawal" of its forces from Syria, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, after President Vladimir Putin ordered the reduction of its military presence in the war-torn country.
Rafael Nadal fought back from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals for only the second time in his career.
A 73-year-old Brazilian fisherman has told local media that he found a piece of debris from a UK satellite in a river in the north-eastern state of Para state.
A man who planned to carry out a terror attack on a British soldier has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 18 years.
A woman who lied about being terminally ill to a woman she was stalking has had her jail sentence reduced after winning an appeal against her conviction.
A building has collapsed on the Spanish island of Arona, killing at least one person and injuring several others, after a suspected gas explosion, officials say.
St Johnstone were knocked out of the Europa League by FK Trakai in the first leg of their second qualifying round tie in Lithuania.
Holidays from the UK to long-haul destinations are 40% more expensive in the "peak" summer weeks than they are in the rest of the year, according to a survey by travel deals company Travelzoo, and many parents feel "penalised" by the prices.
Thousands of prison officers in England and Wales are to take part in a ballot on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons, the Prison Officers' Association has said.
Fulham have signed Oostende striker Adama Cyriac for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal, subject to international clearance, on a four-and-a-half-year contract.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has announced that he will be running for president for the first time in his life, after his victory in the New Hampshire primary on 8 November.
Cornelius Gurlitt, the German art dealer who amassed a huge collection of paintings believed to have been looted by the Nazis, has died at the age of 90.
Scottish bus operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches over the next five years.
Granada have sacked manager Tony Adams after seven matches in charge of the club following their 2-1 defeat at home to Espanyol on Saturday.
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in Powys in which two cars and a van were involved, police have said.
A new £20m swimming pool is to be built at Derby's Moorways Leisure Centre following the closure of the city's only big leisure centre.
A school that was named after the Islamic State (IS) militant group has changed its name to remove the "detrimental impact" of the name "Isis", it has said.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in technology and retail stocks, while gold prices fell.
It is a condition that, until recently, was considered to be an "invisible epidemic" - but now it is being diagnosed with the help of a smartphone app.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a South Korean man who died after collapsing at a house in south-east London.
World number one Andy Murray says he will miss his final warm-up match before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's left-wing Social Democrats have lost power to a right-wing bloc in the country's general election, after the Social Democrats were beaten by the anti-immigration Danish People's Party (DPP) in Thursday's vote.
A campaign has been launched to save the collection of Welsh horror and fantasy writer Arthur Machen from closure at Newport's central library.
A Pembrokeshire man is thought to have broken the world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time in the world.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a house party in west London, police have said.
Pregnant and recently pregnant women should not travel to areas with a high risk of malaria, say doctors, who are urging them to seek advice from a doctor if they are worried about the risk of infection.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election, with the party promising to "stand up to the establishment parties on issues like climate change, climate change and protecting the NHS".
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the media, suggesting the party is planning the most left-wing manifesto in more than 30 years.
Former Plaid Cymru AM Leanne Wood, who lost the party's leadership election to Elin Jones on Sunday, is a woman who was once banned from the assembly for referring to the Queen as "Mrs Windsor".
The UK job market "saw a slight slowdown" in May as companies took time to digest the result of the general election, according to a report.
Bristol Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart from the Alaska Aces on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to meet a deadline to pay off their debts of £220,000.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) have arrested a man who was seen walking around with his wife's severed head in his hands, police say.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed after more than a month in captivity, officials in Dhaka say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her seven-year-old son who died in a car fire.
UN investigators investigating war crimes in Syria say they are considering publishing the names of alleged war criminals, the BBC understands.
A former Methodist minister sexually abused four boys by hypnotising them before molesting them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of travelling to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS) have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The Condor Liberation has returned to service after being grounded for more than a month following a collision with a ferry at St Peter Port on Anglesey last month.
Up to 1,000 new homes could be built in Swansea over the next 10 years as part of a £1bn plan to regenerate the city, the council has said.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against rising water bills and austerity measures.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 22-year-old Scottish boxer has the potential to follow in the footsteps of his father Barry McGuigan and become Scotland's next world champion.
Archaeologists in South Africa say they have found 100,000-year-old "paint kits" in a cave that were used to make ochre paints in the Middle Stone Age, in what could be the earliest evidence of conceptual thinking by humans.
Ireland's economy grew by 7.7% in the first three months of the year, faster than the eurozone as a whole, compared with a 0.5% rise in the same period last year, official figures show.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of a bid to become a European Capital of Culture in 2023, the city's council has said.
Abertay University in Dundee has been ranked second in the world for its degree courses in computer games design by a leading US magazine for a third year in a row.
"No" was the question on the ballot paper in the Scottish independence referendum of 2014.
The Foreign Office says it is "urgently working" with the authorities in Thailand to establish whether a British man has died in a shooting incident in the country.
Great Britain women beat Argentina 3-2 in their opening Pool B match at the Rio Olympics to move into the quarter-finals of the Women's Hockey World League Final.
Championship leaders Leicester City have no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's game against Derby County at the Madejski Stadium, despite the loss of top scorer Riyad Mahrez (hamstring) to international duty.
A takeaway where a three-year-old girl died after suffering a suspected allergic reaction to a curry has been banned from operating.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £20,000 from a children's fund meant for vulnerable children to pay for fuel and parking costs.
A Cardiff-based online insurance comparison firm has won a series of contracts from the Welsh government to help it expand its business.
North Korea has said its military has carried out a "large-scale" artillery drill near its border with South Korea, warning of an attack on the South's presidential residence.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of the capital, Kabul, to protest against what they say is Iran's refusal to allow fuel exports from its border with Afghanistan.
Scientists have created a database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs from around the world, which they hope will help people choose the right tree for their garden.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a serious knee injury and will miss the start of the tournament in September.
French Justice Minister Segolene Goulard has resigned from the cabinet in a row over alleged fake jobs, in the latest blow to the president's attempts to clean up the country's politics.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on Preacher and Judge Dredd, has died at the age of 55.
Sergio Garcia and Thomas Pieters moved into a three-way tie for the lead at the Masters as Charley Hoffman and Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead after the second round at Augusta.
The mystery of the bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres has been deepened by new pictures taken by the US space agency's Dawn mission.
A van driver has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a man by careless driving in West Lothian.
Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has announced an alliance of Muslim nations to fight terrorism, but several countries have yet to confirm whether they will join the alliance.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has been sacked following the team's failure to qualify for the 2018 World Cup after Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for three matches by Cricket Australia after being found guilty of striking England's Joe Root on the chin in a pub brawl.
Plans for a safari park, a hotel and a water park have been given the go-ahead by a council.
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai has been shot in the head by a gunman in the Swat Valley, where she was campaigning for girls' education.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland has been appointed to chair a review of health and social care targets in the NHS.
A doctor who took a £10,000 loan from a patient with Alzheimer's disease and failed to return it has been struck off by the General Medical Council (GMC).
A senior Bangladeshi politician has been sentenced to death by a special war crimes tribunal for his role in atrocities committed during the country's 1971 war of independence from Pakistan.
James Wakely and Richard Keogh hit centuries as Northamptonshire put themselves in a strong position against Leicestershire on a rain-hit third day at Northampton.
A Flintshire man who stopped a machete attack in Mold and a man who shielded his partner from bullets during last summer's Tunisia terror attacks are among the nominees for this year's St David Awards.
A film shot in the Welsh valleys for just Â£4,000 has won an international award for a screenplay written by a group of friends from Blaenau Gwent, with the help of children from a local special school and orphanage.
Ten people have been charged with slavery and fraud offences following an investigation into traveller sites in Lincolnshire and West Yorkshire, police have said.
One of Australia's most famous Star Wars fans has spent the past two weeks dressing up as Darth Vader in a custom-made Darth Vader costume to celebrate the release of the latest film in the franchise.
Oscars 2017: All the best pictures from the red carpet, from the big screen, to the backstage action, and all the latest news and reaction from the biggest night of the year.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Jonny Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A lifeboat crew from Portaferry has rescued a group of people who were stranded on the shores of Lough Neagh after their boat ran out of electricity.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Police searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared in a North Lanarkshire canal 60 years ago have identified what they believe to be human bones in five separate areas of the silt layer.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze university fee increases in 2016, after a week of protests by thousands of students in the capital, Pretoria.
Atlantis is back on BBC One, but it's not quite the same show it was when it first came on last year, because it's a whole new show.
Black Friday has been hailed as the busiest online shopping day of the year in the UK, with more than £760m spent online with Visa cards over the four-day period, according to the credit card firm Experian.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has carried out its first test of the Martian air it has sampled since landing on the Red Planet a month ago.
More than 90% of children in England have not been offered a place at their top choice of primary school for the first time this year, figures show.
Portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces have gone on display for the first time in a new exhibition in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend and England's Tyrrell Hatton share the lead at the BMW PGA Championship after the final round of the event in the US, with the Australians one shot ahead of their English rivals.
A four-year-old girl was seriously injured when she was bitten by a dog that was allegedly "dangerously out of control" in a public place, police have said.
Chinese artist and dissident Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to "defend freedom of speech and political art" after the Danish toy company rejected his request to use its bricks for an exhibition.
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1 and hopes one day he will be able to return to the sport after two years out with a hand injury he suffered in a rally crash.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan have been added to the line-up for the second series of The Great British Winter Olympics, which will be hosted by former Strictly Come Dancing judge Craig Revel Horwood.
Hearts have completed the signings of Belgian midfielder Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Tynecastle in the summer.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was ousted in a party-room vote on Monday night.
More than half of young people who check their mobile phones after going to bed are on social media when they should be sleeping, a survey suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce car once owned by the late sex symbol Diana Dors has been sold at auction in New York for $3m (£2.5m).
A man has been jailed for 10 years for trying to kill a takeaway worker with a meat cleaver in a "grossly disproportionate" attack.
Plans to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK for the first time in more than 1,300 years have been put forward by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has begun the final phase of a £40m revamp of its flagship store in the St James Centre in Edinburgh.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker George Samuel on loan until the end of the season and brought in Cardiff City midfielder Alex Huws on a season-long loan deal.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a train at a railway station.
A Kenyan student who survived the al-Shabab militant attack on the Garissa University College in the capital Nairobi has described how she hid in a wardrobe for three days after the attack, fearing for her life.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS) has been jailed for five years and three months after his family reported him to police.
An alleged chemical weapons expert for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been captured in Iraq and has told interrogators how the group planned to use mustard gas against Kurdish forces, US officials say.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named during a live awards show on Sunday, 14 December 2014 (BBC One & BBC One HD) and the public will vote for the winner from a shortlist of 10 contenders.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child actress Lupita Nyong'o has been cast as Hermione in the new Harry Potter spin-off film, the first time a black actress has played a character in the franchise.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star Christopher Biggins has been voted out of this year's Celebrity Big Brother after "a number of comments capable of causing great offence" to housemates and the viewing public, the show has said.
A decade ago, the Danish health service was struggling to catch up with other European countries when it came to cancer survival rates.
Residents in Gourock in Inverclyde have been allowed to return to their homes after a sea mine was moved to a safer location on the River Tayside.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be rotated around the world so that every country can host the tournament at least once in the next 20 years.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager following their relegation from National League South.
A new set of bells have been rung for the first time in more than 200 years at St Mary's Church in St Albans, Gloucestershire, to mark the church's 200th anniversary.
Planning permission has been granted for the restoration of two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading which were once used as a college.
England number eight Billy Vunipola is set to return from injury in time for the Six Nations opener against Wales at Twickenham on 5 March.
Flooding has forced the closure of the Conwy Valley rail line for several days, while a tree has been removed from a line in Ceredigion after a landslip.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death during a fight in a park.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club after the end of the season, with the club saying he was "not good enough" for the job.
Four humpback whales have been found dead on a beach in the south-eastern French town of Saint-Etienne after apparently straying from a pod that was on a migration to the Faroe Islands, local media report.
A hospital has said it is looking at plans to set up demountable parking decks above existing car parks in a bid to solve parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers at its terminals in Folkestone and Calais because of increased security at the Channel Tunnel.
A new study by the World Bank has found that between 2004 and 2012, the number of women working in India's labour force has dropped by more than 50%.
Leicester defender Danny Drinkwater could make his first start of the season after coming off the bench in the win over Chelsea, but he is a doubt for Saturday's trip to Stoke because of a hamstring injury.
An MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in Ballymena, County Antrim, after a High Court case against her was dismissed.
Pupils at a primary school which was closed after a dispute over the conduct of its head teacher are set to return to school.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray is confident his side can secure a place in the Pro12 play-off semi-finals for the second year in a row.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving after a man was killed in a crash on the M1 in Hertfordshire.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a six-month driving ban after being found guilty of drink-driving.
French actress Yolande Lebeau, best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca, has died at the age of 93.
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a back injury and could miss the rest of the season after scans revealed he has suffered "soft muscle damage".
Ecuador's presidential election will go to a second round after the top two candidates in the first round were forced to settle for a run-off on Sunday.
England begin their one-day series against Bangladesh in Dhaka on Friday with a tour of a country where security has been stepped up in the wake of last month's deadly cafe attack in Chittagong.
More than 700,000 emails and passwords belonging to US government departments and agencies have been found on the open web, according to a security firm.
Scotland's Brexit minister David Russell has said he is "disappointed" that the UK government has not yet made clear whether it wants to remain in the single market or the customs union after Brexit.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his team can use their EIHL play-off experience to help them reach the Elite League finals again next season.
Welsh weightlifter Gemma Smith says she is "confident" Team GB can qualify for the 2016 Olympics after being named in Great Britain's squad for the European Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is set to leave the club in the January transfer window, BBC Radio Solent understands, with the Italian club set to make a bid of about £20m for the Spaniard.
The architect of the Dundee Museum of Art has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the £100m project.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the Italian city of Venice to protest against what they say is the city's decline as a tourist destination.
Two men have been jailed for fly-tippers who dumped more than 40 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street, including rotting sheep carcasses.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "potential opportunities" for Scottish businesses in the Chinese province of Shandong.
Patten Yau, the leader of Hong Kong's pro-independence Youngspiration party, says she has "no choice" but to push for independence for the territory, because she believes the "One Country, Two Systems" model under which it is governed is "a failed experiment".
Marcus Rashford scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht on penalties to reach the Europa League semi-finals for the first time in their history.
African governments are tightening their laws to fight cyber crime and regulate social media in an effort to curb the spread of hate speech, but critics say these laws could also be used by authoritarian regimes to silence dissent.
Voters lost faith in "established political figures as opinion-leaders" in the run-up to the EU referendum, according to a report by a campaign group.
There is no doubt what this election is about for the Conservatives - Brexit and Labour's leader Jeremy Corbyn - but what about the Welsh Labour Party and its attempts to change the narrative on the other side of the Atlantic?
Johanna Konta says she still has "a lot of work to do" after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals, but believes she can improve on her current form.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League champions Guangzhou Evergrande on a five-year deal for a fee of £32m, subject to a work permit.
Thousands of homes and businesses in Leeds have been left without water for several hours after a fault at a treatment works caused a water main to burst.
A Santa Claus attraction in the West Midlands has been forced to close in the final week of the Christmas season after a major backer pulled out of the project, leaving customers "in the lurch", its creator has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been formally asked to become a UKIP MEP for Wales.
Ghana's government has reversed its policy of keeping professional nurses in the country under a "bond" - a condition that means they have to agree to work for five years before being allowed to work abroad.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by a herd of cows has called for improvements to footpaths in the area where the attack took place.
Bill Bailey has spoken of the "shame" his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the Royal Philharmonic Hall before his show in Liverpool on Monday.
Wayne Rooney's new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United has been described as "exorbitant" by the club's chief executive Ed Woodward and the England striker has signed a new one-year deal that will see him stay at Old Trafford until 2019.
Plymouth Argyle's Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off semi-final second leg at Home Park was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday, with Japan's Nikkei falling despite the country's economy growing faster than expected in the first three months of the year, as investors digested better-than-expected growth figures.
Australian oil and gas firm Woodside has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by higher realised prices for its liquefied natural gas (LNG) and higher sales volumes.
If you run a small business, how do you keep your customers' personal data safe from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters, while also protecting your business from the threat of cybercrime?
A new code of practice for the use of stop and search has been published by the Scottish government, which sets out guidelines for police officers to carry out the controversial practice.
Rail passengers faced major disruption on the Borders to Edinburgh line on Friday afternoon after a number of trains were cancelled or delayed due to engineering work.
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs is "off-the-scale", the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has said.
Pope Francis has used the word "genocide" to describe the mass killing of Armenians by the Ottoman Empire during World War One, in a move that has sparked a diplomatic row with Turkey.
Lance Armstrong's admission that he used performance-enhancing drugs during the Tour de France in the 1990s has led to questions about whether he has changed, or if he has been changed at all.
Are you going to pay £5 for a beaker of water at Glastonbury this weekend, or will you be able to get your hands on a stainless steel pint cup instead?
Two helicopters have been based at the Inverness Mountain Rescue Centre for the past five years, taking part in more than 500 search and rescue missions.
Manchester City Women have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts, the governing body has confirmed.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office by his own party after the country's parliament voted to censure him in a vote of no confidence.
Sky has confirmed that some of its broadband customers in some parts of the UK are experiencing slow internet speeds due to a "small number" of telephone exchanges being overwhelmed by new customers.
A security breach at the Houses of Parliament was not the result of a "failure of security policy", a security expert has said, as questions continue to be asked about the security arrangements in the wake of the Westminster attack.
A drug used to treat a type of leukaemia can be stopped completely after a year to reduce side-effects and reduce the risk of the disease relapsing, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who died in hospital in Australia after he tried to help a woman who was stabbed to death in a "horrific attack" in Townsville have said they are "bereft" and "the world is a poorer place".
Atletico Madrid defender Luis Suarez says it was "totally unfair" for his team-mates to be sent off against Barcelona in the Champions League.
Northern Ireland's film industry is growing at a faster rate than anywhere else in the world, but only a handful of people from the country have made it to the top level of the industry in the US.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after police seized ecstasy tablets and cocaine worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) in Londonderry.
Jeremy Corbyn's election as Labour leader was widely seen as a victory for the party's left-wing activists, but his record on a range of issues, including his opposition to nuclear weapons and animal rights, is a reminder of how far he has come since becoming an MP.
The town centre of County Longford in the Republic of Ireland's midlands has seen its fortunes turn from bad to worse over the past few years, but local traders say they are starting to see the beginnings of an economic recovery.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed, following an invitation from Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a Royal Navy ship in the English Channel during World War II.
The government has rejected a call from Labour for new powers to curb the growth of high-speed betting machines on High Streets.
Ethiopia is mourning the loss of one of the world's best-known and most famous runners, who has announced his retirement from the sport at the age of 37 after more than two decades in the sport.
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times by Japanese media giant Nikkei Group is one of the world's richest men, and his name is Kaori Kita.
Luis Suarez has lost his appeal against a four-month ban for biting an opponent after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) upheld Fifa's decision to uphold the punishment.
Ross County have completed the signing of Lithuania international left-back Vykintas Sernas on a two-year deal from Polish second-tier side Wroclaw until the end of the season.
The United States Soccer Federation has announced plans to introduce new rules to protect young players from head injuries, including a ban on heading footballs in youth matches.
Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox has confirmed that it has made an unsolicited £11.25bn bid for the 61% of Sky it does not already own in a deal that would create the UK's biggest pay-TV company.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences as part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham, police have said.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a post office worker was threatened with a knife and robbed by two men at knifepoint during an armed robbery in South Lanarkshire.
More than 2,000 teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors event on Dartmoor, one of the UK's largest youth hiking challenges.
A chronology of key events surrounding the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio to US investment firm PIMCO, which led to a police investigation and a Stormont inquiry into a £7.5m deal that led to the resignation of a senior Nama official.
Tributes have been paid to one of two men who died after getting into difficulty while swimming at a beauty spot in Gwynedd.
A primary school has suspended two staff members following allegations of historical sexual abuse against two pupils.
Former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast striker Souleymane Cisse has paid tribute to former team-mate Cheick Tiote at a memorial service for the player who died in China earlier this month.
Shares in Asia were lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek general election next week, while the price of copper fell to its lowest level in four-and-a-half years on concerns over the country's debt crisis.
Blackberry has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by strong sales of its new Z10 smartphone.
Oil and gas services company Proserv has won two new contracts in the North Sea, including one with the Taqa oil and gas operator and one with an unnamed established operator.
Teachers' pay could rise "significantly higher than 1%" in the future to ensure an "adequate supply" of good teachers for schools in England and Wales, according to the independent review body, the School Teachers' Review Board (STRB).
Voting has ended in the European Parliament elections, with the far-right National Front coming first in France, the centre-right opposition winning 24 seats and the opposition Socialists coming second in the UK, but the Conservatives losing their majority for the first time in more than a century.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddi cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe gael ei adeiladu ac yna asesu ei effaith ar gyfer cynlluniau
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not be proposing to hold a referendum on any further council tax rise after a public consultation failed to persuade residents to back the idea.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend a controversial biofuels quota for its corn crop, which has been blamed for pushing up food prices.
The shape of beer glasses used in pubs and clubs does not appear to have an effect on the time it takes to finish a half pint of beer, according to a new study.
National League side Grimsby Town have re-signed midfielder David Dugdale on a one-year deal after he was released by Southend United, who have also signed defender Joe Cole on a two-year contract.
The crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam after a video game project that raised more than $4,000 (Â£2,922) in pledges was pulled by its creator.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun in the US state of Massachusetts, with prosecutors laying out the extent of the injuries suffered by the victims.
It was the biggest strike in the history of the NHS - the largest in its history and the biggest in the health service's history, with more than 100,000 NHS staff taking part in a 24-hour walkout for the second time in less than a month.
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home after they say they were denied use of their facilities following the death of their long-term partner, who was married to a man.
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been launched to allow visitors to experience the hidden world beneath the city.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in Australia had a memory lapse that led to the tragedy, an inquest has heard.
Scientists say they have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for a cancer to spread in the body and could lead to new treatments for the disease.
Perth Thunder reached the final of the Women's Big Bash League despite England all-rounder Heather Brunt's last-ball collapse costing them victory over Adelaide Strikers.
The results of the Scottish council elections have been widely reported in the country's newspapers, with the SNP claiming victory in Dundee, Aberdeen and Dundee City Council, while the Conservatives claim victory in the rest of the country.
An MP has called for help to save the former home of the explorer and photographer Queen of the Desert, Alice Bell, which has fallen into disrepair.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK, saying he is considered a "threat" to President Vladimir Putin.
Cladding samples sent to the fire service have failed to show that it is safe to use on high-rise buildings, the prime minister has said, as she announced a national review of tower block cladding in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire.
North Korea says it has developed a "hangover-free" alcohol that causes no hangover, according to the Pyongyang Times, and it has already been registered as a "national scientific and technological hit" by the country's foodstuff factory.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says he is "frustrated" by his side's poor start to the Premiership season, and believes there is more to come out of his side.
A seven-year-old boy who was left on a school bus three times in the past year has been found safe and well, his father has said.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry-picking when he said that the US pullout from the Paris climate agreement would have a "minimal impact" on global temperatures.
An inquest into the death of an Army reservist who collapsed and died on an SAS selection exercise has heard he was "half-an-hour from the finish" when he collapsed.
Google is developing a blood-testing kit that could help doctors detect cancer and other diseases much earlier in people's lives, the tech giant has revealed.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has called on fans to stop criticising his players, saying they are giving everything they have to the national team.
League Two side Notts County have signed Morecambe defender Ben Edwards on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract after his release by the Shrimps.
A care worker has been jailed for stealing more than £20,000 from a vulnerable disabled man to fund a "lavish lifestyle".
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says world football associations are "overwhelming" in favour of a 48-team World Cup, but more discussions are needed before a final decision is made on the format.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her death that she felt police did not do enough to find out what happened to her when she went missing more than 20 years ago.
Older people in England are being left to fend for themselves in a "destructive vicious circle" where they struggle with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a charity has warned.
A woman has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in an Edinburgh street after she claimed he had raped her, a jury has heard.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on the headquarters of Yemen's elite Special Security Forces in the capital, Sanaa, has killed at least 30 soldiers and officers, officials say.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Frazer has been asked by the Dáil (Irish parliament) to suspend a motion of no confidence in the Republic of Ireland's justice minister over a planned republican rally in Dublin on Saturday.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbikes title with victory in the final race of the season at Donington Park as he finished third in Sunday's final round of the championship.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's decision to release 37 prisoners it says are "dangerous insurgents who have Afghan blood on their hands".
Ben Affleck has won the top directing prize at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his Oscar-nominated film Argo, which was also nominated for best picture at the Academy Awards.
Nigeria's army, police and other security agencies have begun operations to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist bases and activities", the Ministry of Defence has said.
Tributes have been paid to sports journalist Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in a street attack.
Olympic silver medallist Tom Latham won Great Britain's first medal of the Track Cycling World Championships as he claimed bronze in the men's scratch sprint in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named an unchanged squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 season, which starts on Saturday when they face Gloucester at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff.
Actresses Helen Chancellor and Helen Richardson are to star in a three-part BBC One comedy-drama series based on the 1930s novels Lucia and Elizabeth Mapp, it has been announced.
A 29-year-old man from Liverpool, Joseph Clark, travelled to the match by car with his son Stephen Clark, who was also killed in the attack, and his wife Jacqueline Gilchrist, who survived.
Two teenage boys have admitted assaulting a taxi driver with a machete after one of them pulled out the blade to try to steal the fare from the driver's neck.
Jodie Taylor scored a late winner as England began their preparations for Euro 2017 with a hard-fought win over the Netherlands in their final warm-up game before next summer's tournament.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal from the 2017-18 season, with the option of a further 12 months.
Britain's Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe as he continues his bid to become the first Briton to win the round-the-world yacht race.
MPs in New South Wales (NSW) have voted to refer to US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug", in a rare move that has been criticised by some on social media.
Five-time Olympic gold medallist Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics as part of a team including Michael Johnson, Michael Redgrave, Sir Michael Johnson and Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has said it will pay £1m to the owner of a drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles last year.
How do you solve the problem of lorries queuing for hours to cross the Channel between the UK and France during Operation Stack and other cross-Channel disruption caused by strikes and migrant activity?
The death of a man who was shot in the head in Rhondda Cynon Taff has led to a review of charges against two men charged with attempted murder, police have said.
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time in their history with a dramatic last-ball six-wicket win over England in a thrilling final in Abu Dhabi, thanks to a stunning century from Carlos Brathwaite.
Dirk Coetzee, the former South African spy who exposed the existence of a secret apartheid-era paramilitary group known as the Vlakplaas, has died in hospital in Pretoria at the age of 83.
Six people, including ex-South Yorkshire Police chief David Duckenfield, have been charged over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has announced.
Archaeological finds made during the construction of the West Link road in Inverness have been displayed at a primary school in the area where they were made.
The square in the centre of the German city of Munich is a hive of activity at this time of year.
The Workers Party has accused the BBC of putting a "price tag" on political airtime in the run-up to next week's general election.
Footage has been released of the moment a van used by boxing legend Floyd Mayweather was set on fire during an appearance at a hotel.
A seven-year-old girl suffered burns to her face and arm when a vapouriser exploded on a Harry Potter-themed ride at a theme park in the US state of Florida, police say.
A man has been killed in an accident involving a chainsaw outside a school in south-east London, police have said.
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to more than double in the next 30 years, according to researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan said his side's 1-0 friendly win over Poland in Poland on Wednesday was a "bonus" that will give his side confidence ahead of their next match against Nigeria.
A man has been jailed for eight weeks after he was caught on CCTV carrying a fake gun and a knife near two primary schools in West Sussex.
Polish expats living in the UK are marking All Saints' Day by cleaning up and lighting candles at the graves of their dead relatives, as part of a tradition dating back to the 19th Century.
New rules on the way broadband adverts are advertised have come into force, in a bid to make it easier for customers to compare prices between providers.
A member of staff has suffered a serious head injury in a robbery at a Borders Post Office in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Northern Ireland's jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that the Stormont executive has not yet agreed the rate of corporation tax to be introduced in Northern Ireland.
A section of Bournemouth seafront has been cordoned off after part of a cliff collapsed following heavy rain.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Lee Tomlin has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender who was due to be released from a prison in Cambridgeshire has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have held on to all but one of their seats in the Dorset constituencies they held in the general election, with the exception of Mid Dorset and North Poole, which was won by the Liberal Democrats.
Dumfries and Galloway City Council has agreed a budget for the next financial year, which will see a 3.5% rise in council tax and a 3% cut in the amount of money spent on arts and culture.
A review is to be carried out into the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee, who was found dead in his buggy outside his Fife home in March 2014.
US President Donald Trump has banned people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US until further notice, including Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from dual nationals who fight for terrorist groups or engage in terrorism-related conduct inspired by them.
Fifteen soldiers who refused to stand at attention during a military parade have been sentenced at a court martial for disobeying a lawful command.
A man has been left " scarred for life" after being punched in the face in an unprovoked attack in a pub in Glasgow.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced that he is to release his first solo album, which he says will be a hip-hop album.
Britain's Dan Evans and Andy Murray both reached the fourth round of the Australian Open for the first time in 15 years as they both won in straight sets on day three in Melbourne.
Jared Allen has signed a one-year contract extension with the Minnesota Vikings, which will keep him with the team until the end of the 2018 season.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Liam Dunkley for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Scientists say it’s time for an international agreement on how to protect the high seas from the threats posed by pollution and over-fishing.
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be announced on Monday.
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party for "telling the truth" over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme after he claimed DUP advisers tried to stop him reducing the tariff on the scheme because they had "extensive interests in the poultry industry".
A new police control room service in Dumfries and Galloway has performed "to the satisfaction of the public" despite the closure of its predecessor, a report has found.
Transport Scotland is to explore the possibility of extending the new Borders Railway to the south of the country.
An environmental group has launched a legal challenge against plans to install overhead cables in Gwynedd which it claims would be a blight on the countryside.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's return to the starting line-up has left "massive holes" in Tottenham's and Leicester's squads after he replaced Harry Kane and Salomon Rondon.
Sculptures of herdwick sheep have been installed in the Lake District as part of a project to raise money for a Lake District charity.
Defender Gary Cahill says England's 1-0 defeat by Spain in their opening World Cup warm-up match was "flattered" by the hosts.
A gold pendant made from an early copy of a Byzantine gold coin found in Norfolk is likely to have been worn by the Roman emperor Maurice Tiberius, an expert has said.
UKIP has denied a claim by one of its most prominent donors that his membership of the party has been suspended after he accused it of being run "like a squash club committee".
Plans to improve transport in north west Cardiff are being considered as part of a £50m plan to reduce congestion in the area.
A County Londonderry man and his daughter have made cricket history by becoming the first father and daughter umpires to officiate a senior match in the sport in Ireland.
A woman who was sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale in the 1970s and 80s has joined a protest calling for more to be done to help victims.
Police investigating the murder of a dissident republican in the Republic of Ireland are searching for a car used by the gunmen who shot him dead.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches on a nature reserve in Lancashire after being infected with a virus, a wildlife trust has said.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile who raped and sexually assaulted young girls in the 1970s and 1980s has been jailed for 20 years.
Brentford moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable victory over struggling Bolton Wanderers at Griffin Park to ease the pressure on caretaker boss Jimmy Phillips.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police are now looking into the importance of a car seen in the area just minutes after the last CCTV images of him were taken.
Lancashire's Alex Davies and James Jarvis shared an unbeaten century stand to give their side a slender lead of 260 over Derbyshire on day two of their Division Two match at Old Trafford.
Ghana came from behind to beat DR Congo and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history, beating the Congolese 2-1 in a thrilling quarter-final in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Eleven Aston Villa and Leicester City football fans arrested after a fight broke out during the Premier League match between the sides have been released on bail.
On the eve of the 70th anniversary of the start of World War Two, the Luftwaffe bombed Manchester, killing more than 600 people and injuring more than 2,300 in the worst single night of bombing in the city's history.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and secure a Super League play-off place.
Sony Pictures has been the victim of a massive cyber-attack that has left the company in a state of chaos and left its top executives scrambling for answers.
An 18-year-old man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel had previously made death and violence threats to a number of people, an inquest has heard.
People with long-term health conditions are more likely to experience fear, hopelessness and despair if they do not learn to live with their symptoms, according to research from an Edinburgh university.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has lifted provisional suspensions on six Russian cross-country skiers suspended for doping offences at the Sochi Winter Olympics.
Clydesdale Bank is to set aside an extra £1.7bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra that escaped from a paddock and ran into a lake in Japan on Tuesday night has died after being shot with a tranquiliser dart, police say.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former hospital building in the centre of the city of Inverness.
The French government has paid tribute to the victims of last week's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed and more than 200 injured.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of a polygraph test for new police recruits in Nigeria, and whether it could be extended to other African states.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's political manifesto Mein Kampf, signed by the Nazi leader himself, is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been found on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time in the UK, in what could be one of the UK's most significant archaeological finds of its kind.
The former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has named a number of politicians he claims were involved in a corruption scheme at the company.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed Slovakian goalkeeper Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal following his release by Championship rivals Bolton Wanderers.
The UK is to pay for the construction of a new prison in Jamaica to house up to 1,500 Jamaican prisoners who will be sent back to the UK to serve their sentences, the government has said.
Hackers who stole more than $81m (£55m) from Bangladesh's central bank by hacking into its computer network could have been stopped if they had used more basic security measures, investigators have said.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer.
A few years ago, former Rangers and Aberdeen full-back Darren Foster was sitting in the stands at Ibrox with his family when a fan walked up to him and made a comment that would haunt him for the rest of his career.
More than 100 jobs are set to be created in Brechin after a major engineering firm announced plans to expand its operations in the area.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Broady in my opening match at Wimbledon on Tuesday, and I'm sure he's as nervous as I am about playing in front of a home crowd for the first time at the All England Club.
Universities in England are advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit for the first time, ahead of a vote on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees, the BBC has learned.
A man has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a man died following an incident in a Harrogate pub on New Year's Eve.
Mae datblygwyr Cwmni Datblygu Blaenau'r Cymoedd yn dweud y byddai'r llywodraeth am gefnogi'r cynllun ar gyfer Cylchffordd
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places for the first time this season with a comfortable victory over Norwich City at the John Smith's Stadium.
Manchester City will have "amazing options" if Sergio Aguero is not available for Sunday's derby against Manchester United, says Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho.
West Bromwich Albion boss Tony Pulis says his 1,000th game in charge of a Premier League club will be "no reflection on real life to me" as he prepares to face his old club Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced he will retire from Test cricket at the end of the current season, ending his international career.
Celtic could be without two of their top forwards for the Champions League play-off third-round tie against Norwegian champions Rosenborg on Wednesday.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has "generally met its objectives" in supporting major festivals and events in the region, according to a report by the local authority.
Violence at a prison in Staffordshire where two inmates died last year was "significantly higher" than at other jails in the area, inspectors have said.
Ireland captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to succeed Paul O'Connell as captain of the national side under new coach Joe Schmidt.
Hundreds of carvers are expected to take part in this year's World Chainsaw Carving Championships, the world's largest and most prestigious woodcarving competition.
The National Advisory Board for Mosque and Imams has said it is working to improve standards at madrassas after a teacher was found guilty of cruelty against children at a mosque.
It has been like a scene out of Shakespeare's Hamlet, the battle between Boris Johnson and Michael Gove for the leadership of the Conservative Party, the two men who wanted to be prime minister and the two who wanted the country to stay in the European Union.
The UK's energy regulator has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling wholesale costs, saying that the industry has made "mistakes" in the past.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's T in the Park music festival, organisers have announced.
Northampton Saints' Sam Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking with his shoulder during last weekend's defeat by Newcastle Falcons.
People affected by the Grenfell Tower fire must be re-housed locally if necessary, Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs, as he called for urgent action to improve fire safety in high-rise flats.
The price of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen sharply in the wake of a statement made by one of its most high-profile developers that has raised questions about the future of the digital currency.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash with a car in Lancashire.
A group of Iranian girls from Tehran have won a medal for their "can-do attitude" after taking part in a science, technology, engineering and maths competition in the US.
Ospreys made it three wins out of three in the Pro12 with an impressive bonus-point victory over Benetton Treviso at Liberty Stadium.
A yellow "be aware" warning of black ice has been issued for parts of Scotland as the first minister's Christmas message paid tribute to those who have helped keep Scotland going during the "extraordinary" winter weather.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess on his appendix and is to have surgery to remove it, his publicist has confirmed.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys has reignited a long-running dispute over who should control the technology.
When Deutsche Bank published its analysis of the likely outcomes of the UK general election earlier this week, it was very clear that it did not expect a hung parliament to be good for the UK economy.
Activity in the US manufacturing sector shrank at its fastest pace in more than a year in June, according to a closely watched survey, suggesting the economy may be slowing again.
As the 50th anniversary of Muhammad Ali's death is marked, the BBC's Hugh Kinsella Cunningham visits the city of Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo to meet some of the boxers hoping to follow in the footsteps of "The Greatest".
At the Chalcots Leisure Centre in Camden, south-east London, staff in high visibility jackets stand guard at the entrance to the building, keeping an eye out for anyone who might need help getting into and out of the building.
Homelessness is one of the biggest issues facing young people in the UK, according to the Office for National Statistics, and it's a problem that's been highlighted in the new series of The Only Way is Essex.
Aer Lingus has announced it is to end its summer flights between Dublin and the Republic of Ireland because of a lack of demand.
At least one person has been killed in an explosion in the south-eastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir, near the Syrian border, the interior minister has said.
The Duchess of Cambridge has announced that she is expecting her first child, a girl, due to be born in the spring of 2017.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death after a party in Greater Manchester on New Year's Eve.
Portadown will hope to maintain their slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership when they host Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
Hackers from pro-Ukrainian and pro-Russian activist groups have been carrying out a wave of cyber attacks on government and rebel websites during the conflict in eastern Ukraine, as the BBC's Monitoring Monitoring team reports.
A man who tried to board a flight from Edinburgh Airport with more than 20 knives, CS gas canisters and knuckledusters has been jailed for six months.
Tata Steel has agreed to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm in a deal which could see it return to profit within two years, the BBC understands.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever score in an Open Championship at Royal Troon as he opened with a nine-under-par round of 63 to lead by three shots.
The Olympic Stadium is set to open to the public on Friday, with thousands of people expected to use the transport system to get to and from the Games in London.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith among the biggest fallers, but Royal Mail shares rose after it announced the appointment of a new chairman.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has risen and the number of women taking their own lives has risen, according to government figures.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land after a number of high-profile cases of dogs disturbing livestock and wildlife.
One of Northern Ireland's best-known musicians is visiting the United States to launch a bone marrow donor drive in Washington DC.
As the Welsh Government prepares to unveil its 2017/18 budget for the next financial year, BBC Wales looks at what we know so far about what to expect from this year's spending plan.
A lorry has crashed into the side of a house, causing the roof to collapse and causing major disruption to rail and road services.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured prop Cian Healy on their tour of Australia.
The scandal surrounding a Malaysian state investment fund, 1MDB, has become one of the biggest money-laundering and corruption scandals in recent years in the world.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in the Govanhill area of the city as part of a £44m housing strategy.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade, and analysts are warning that further falls could be on the way.
Opposition parties have criticised the Welsh government's decision to temporarily close a back-to-work scheme which has helped create more than 17,000 jobs for young people aged 16-24 in Wales.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies in Belfast and across the UK in support of women's rights in the wake of the inauguration of US President Donald Trump.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in a street.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the gender pay gap between men and women in the workplace.
The family of a 92-year-old woman who waited eight hours for an ambulance to take her to hospital have criticised staff at a Nottingham hospital for not offering her food or drink.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen's party, the National Front (FN), has been accused by the European Parliament of defrauding it of more than €1.5m (£1.1m; $1.6m) in illegal payments.
The UK is to impose a new £35,000 (£30,000) salary cap on the right to settlement for non-Europeans who want to remain permanently in the country, the government has announced.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best tourist attraction for 10 years in a row, according to a new report.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to be balloted on strike action over the introduction of all-night services on the Night Tube, the Aslef union has said.
One of the last remaining Victorian forts in Wales is to reopen to the public after a £1.5m refurbishment.
Residents in Wrexham are being rehoused after their homes and streets were hit by flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption in a case involving the construction of a luxury residential complex in Jerusalem.
The European Union's foreign and interior ministers are holding talks in Brussels in an attempt to reach a deal to end the migrant crisis by sending back migrants to Turkey.
The UK has warned its citizens not to travel to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi over new laws that critics say discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says the club will not be able to sustain top-flight football in the future if they do not build a new stadium on the site of their current home.
Police are continuing to investigate the death of a man whose body was found at a house in the Glenfinnan area of Inverness.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone as they beat Derby County for the first time this season with a hard-fought victory at Pride Park.
The best way to throw a piece of paper into a bin is to release it with an underarm throw, rather than an overarm one, according to a new study.
Warwickshire fast bowler Joe Thornton has signed a new contract with Birmingham Bears, keeping him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2018 season.
The Vote Leave campaign is offering a £50m prize to the first person to correctly predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for ice and snow across much of Scotland on Saturday night.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects the majority of his squad to stay at the Championship club next season after being offered new deals, despite the club's promotion to the Scottish Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has ruled out the possibility of becoming the next president of world football's governing body after Sepp Blatter, who has said he could step down.
The number of women in the UK suffering from post-partum depression has risen sharply in the last few years, with more than half a million now diagnosed with the condition.
Newcastle United and Sky Sports have dropped darts commentator Eric Bristow as a pundit after he made "appalling" comments about child sex abuse in football, the BBC has learned.
A man has been charged with murder and a woman with assisting an offender after a woman was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to launch an Ideas Service to bring the "best from Britain's great cultural institutions and thinkers" to the public, the corporation's boss has said.
Home Depot has reported better-than-expected sales for the fourth quarter, helped by a surge in the US housing market, which has boosted demand for home improvement products.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Dale striker Nyal Bell on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move in the summer.
A court in Turkey has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight people accused of involvement in a coalmine disaster that killed more than 600 people last year.
The UK-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq says it has destroyed more than $1bn (£770m) of cash held by the group in the past two years in air strikes against its targets in Iraq.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo reached the Monte Carlo Masters final for the second year in a row with a 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-2 win over Marcelo Dodig and Marcel Granollers.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with a hoax bomb alert at a London Underground station that led to the evacuation of a Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced seven policemen to life in prison for killing 11 Sikh men in a fake encounter in 1993, in the latest in a series of high-profile fake encounter cases to come to court in the country.
One of the world's leading education experts has warned that England's schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into the unique individuals that they are because too many teachers think that solely cramming pupils' heads full of facts is education".
Employees at UK companies could be given a say in how their bosses are paid as part of a shake-up of corporate governance, the government has said.
The owner of a shipyard which was taken over by a private equity firm last year has said he hopes to create up to 1,300 jobs in the next five years.
A reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was beaten to death in Manchester more than 40 years ago is to be shown on the BBC's Crimewatch programme.
The family of a teenager who was killed in a crash have described her as a "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister" whose death is "utterly broken by her death".
Five members of Guernsey's Housing Department board have resigned in protest at the department's handling of its finances, the States has been told.
Chelsea have appointed Guus Hiddink as Jose Mourinho's successor as interim manager for the rest of the season, six months after the Portuguese was sacked.
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson were beaten 6-3 6-2 by Chan Hyeon and Chan Shuai-Wei in the mixed doubles final of the Hong Kong Open.
Australia retained their Four Nations title with an emphatic victory over New Zealand at Anfield as the defending champions ran in five tries to complete a stunning victory over the world's number one side.
A new surf lagoon attraction in Snowdonia has been forced to close for the winter because of a "serious failure" in its machinery.
A campaign has been launched to save the Grade II-listed tower of a former mill which was destroyed in an arson attack.
The new vice chancellor of Oxford University has said there is a "crucial distinction" between "radical ideas and incitement to violence" and that universities should be a "place where radical ideas can be expressed and challenged".
The Hurt Locker has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle awards for the second year in a row for its portrayal of a young boy's life in foster care in Los Angeles.
The deputy chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is one of three senior staff to leave the authority in the past three months.
World number one Lydia Ko is in contention for a second Women's PGA Championship title after carding a one-under-par 69 in the second round of the Safeway Open.
The chief executive of BT's Openreach division, Joe Garner, is to leave the telecoms firm to take up the same role at the Nationwide building society, the bank has announced.
Kilmarnock have signed Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal following his release by Celtic.
Governors of a Gwynedd secondary school have written to the council to express their opposition to plans for a new campus, saying they have been "shattered" by a council's decision to go ahead with the project.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years after being found guilty of trying to smuggle guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands.
Nasa's New Horizons spacecraft is about to fire its thruster for the final time before its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps for the 2016-17 season after signing a new two-year deal with the Premiership club.
The government has delayed a final decision on whether to approve the construction of a new nuclear power station in the UK until the autumn, putting the project's future in the hands of EDF and the company's French owners.
Grimsby came from 2-0 down at half-time to beat Aldershot and keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
McDonald's is rationing French fries in some of its stores in Japan because of a food shortage in the country.
Wales and Cardiff Blues scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his Cambridge debut in Saturday's Varsity match against Oxford at Twickenham, BBC Radio Cambridgeshire has learned.
Judges in England and Wales should consider the psychological impact of sexual offences more closely when sentencing offenders, under new proposals from the country's sentencing body.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Manchester United winger Jordan Powell on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he is prepared to work with the country's far-right Freedom Party if the two parties can find a way to work together.
At the age of 14, Jordan Spieth was offered a deal by his father: if he won the US Junior Amateur Championship, he would give up the chance to play in the Masters and he would get to keep his father's golf clubs.
Millions of people who have not yet renewed their tax credits have been urged to do so by the tax authority before Sunday night's deadline, or face having their payments stopped or being hit with a surcharge if they do not.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder is set to be appointed Bolton Wanderers' new manager on a two-year deal, BBC Radio Northampton reports.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston was left frustrated after his side missed out on the chance to make it two wins from two in the Elite League on Sunday as they were beaten by Fife Flyers in the second game of a double header in Kirkcaldy.
The world's largest container ship has docked at the Port of Felixstowe for the first time, becoming the first of its kind to dock at the port for more than 30 years.
Glamorgan bowled out Gloucestershire for 220 on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match at Cardiff, as the visitors' bowlers dominated on a slow wicket.
It is "perverse and counterproductive" to use money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks to fund school healthy-pupils schemes at the expense of children's health, local authorities have said.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to replace the Defender, its best-selling vehicle, with a new model due to be unveiled in 2017.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk will be available for the start of the new season, says manager Claude Puel.
Akzo Nobel has rejected a second bid from US paint maker PPG Industries for the Dulux paint and Dulux Dulux nail polish maker, saying it is "unacceptable" and "unfair".
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the Scottish Women's Premier League League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that Yemen will run out of food imports "very soon" and that millions of people could die of hunger.
United Airlines has said it will stop flying from Belfast to Newark, the only direct air route between Northern Ireland and the United States, at the end of this month.
South Africa assistant coach Mduduzi Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the national team's failure to qualify for next year's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Russia has launched its own version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, the country's state-run news agency has announced.
On the eve of the 2015 World Championships in London, David Fearon was ready to give up on his career as a sprinter.
Scottish football could learn a lot from Major League Soccer by staging a match in the United States, according to Kris Boyd.
Five men arrested in connection with the deaths of two schoolgirls who were hit by a car in Oldham on Christmas Day have been released on bail.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jordan Gape on a two-year deal.
A five-year-old boy who ran a 5km race without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards for his "outstanding contribution to sport".
The UN climate change conference in Copenhagen in 2009 was supposed to be the moment when world leaders came together and agreed a new legally binding agreement to address climate change, but it turned out to be an exercise in futility.
Former England and Tottenham midfielder David Ginola has launched his bid to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa, saying the current system is "not working" and he is "in this for the long haul".
Defending champion Kerry Doherty has been drawn to face world number two Mark Evans in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
It's not every day you get the chance to bowl at Michael Vaughan or face Devon Malcolm, let alone play in front of a crowd of thousands of people.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon will be fit despite a number of injury concerns, including goalkeeper Aziz Kabore and midfielder Blati Toure, who has been called up for the first time.
A man died after being shot with a Taser by a police officer who feared he was about to set himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer to the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains on the network, the union has said.
Wildfires in northern California are continuing to burn out of control, forcing thousands of people to flee their homes as thousands of firefighters continue to battle the blazes.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Gary Watson following a run of three defeats in a row.
A California woman who was kidnapped and chained up last week had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff has said, as her husband said she suffered "tremendous" injuries.
A community group has been set up in a bid to reopen a Victorian swimming pool in Reading which has been closed for more than 100 years after a council said it would not be able to afford to keep it open.
Emoji week is here again - and this time we're taking a look back at some of the biggest stories from around the world in the form of emojis.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
Canada's Adam Hadwin held off the challenge of Canadian Adam Scott to win his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Canadian Open in Calgary.
More than 100 people have signed an advert urging a group planning a protest in north Belfast against sectarian parades to "take a step back and act in the interests of peace".
An oak planted by suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Olympic silver medallist David Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling after winning two world track titles and a European title in the last three years.
Manchester United team-mate Ashley Young has praised manager Louis van Gaal for helping him return to the England squad for the first time in more than a year.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the southern state of Tamil Nadu has started generating electricity for the first time, state media report.
A coroner has said he will write to the government after a woman died following a hernia operation at a hospital where weekend staffing levels were higher than on weekdays.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there were "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster on Saturday.
Nuclear safety concerns at the UK's largest naval dockyard have not been addressed in time for special measures to be lifted, a watchdog has said.
A man police want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries and Galloway has been found in the area, police have said.
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls in a playground, police have said.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Adams in their defeat at Birmingham City and will not have to serve a one-match ban.
A mother and her two-year-old son who were found dead at a house in east London have been named by police as Sinead and Oisin O'Driscoll.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more hospitals in England to allow dogs and other animals on wards, saying they can make a "remarkable difference" to the lives of patients.
Eating disorder charity Beat is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives after a BBC Watchdog investigation found that children as young as 14 were buying large quantities of the medicine in large quantities at Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons, Asda and Boots.
One of the UK's most senior trade ministers has told the BBC that he wants Britain to have as free a trading relationship with the European Union as possible after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two more men as part of an investigation into the London terror attacks.
Teachers' pay and conditions should be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said, as part of changes to the Wales Bill.
A 17-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after the car she was travelling in crashed into a tree in a Perthshire park.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has attended the opening of a new exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp, marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two's Holocaust.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has risen by more than 50% in the past year, with more than 1,000 arriving in the last three months, figures show.
Former Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of running and walking events in Windsor to encourage people to get active and get into sport.
One person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car taking part in a large-scale military exercise in Norway, police say.
At the scene of Friday's devastating attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, where at least 188 people were killed and hundreds more injured, there is a palpable sense of shock and anger.
Police in Italy have seized more than 1.5bn euros ($1.7bn; Â£1.2bn) in assets from a notorious criminal who made his fortune by altering slot machines, in a major anti-mafia operation.
Two Australian men who vandalised a train in Singapore have been sentenced to up to eight strokes of the cane by a court in the South East Asian city-state.
A project to protect the heritage of Snowdonia's Carneddau mountains has been given initial funding of more than £200,000.
North Korea has "strongly condemned" the US missile attack on a Syrian airbase, state media say, hours after the US launched a series of missile strikes against the country.
Belfast Giants will host an all-star match against an Elite League All Star team for the first time in the club's history in November 2017.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation, his lawyer has told the BBC, but it is unclear when he will be taken to court.
A memorial service has been held to mark the start of work on the first phase of the HS2 high-speed rail line in south-east London, where the remains of more than 200 people are to be dug up.
Kent batsman Chris Stevens hit an unbeaten century to give his side a chance of securing second place in the County Championship after a rain-hit opening day of their Division Two match against Essex.
Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has offered "every possible and necessary aid" to help the Syrian army in its fight against rebels, the leader of the Lebanese Shia movement has said.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in the autumn of 2018, two years after his party's defeat in the first vote.
A large fire has broken out at an industrial estate in Oxfordshire, forcing the closure of a major road in the city.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire, prompting the Army to be called in to carry out a controlled explosion.
Police officers in Powys are to start wearing body-worn cameras for the first time in the force's history in a bid to improve transparency in the investigation of complaints against officers.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days across South Africa for Comic Relief and Sport Relief in March.
Scott Allan would be a "class act" to join Celtic if he was offered a move to Ibrox, according to his former Rangers team-mate Sir Alex Ferguson.
A woman has died in police custody after being found "unresponsive" in her cell at a Lancashire police station.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt was "incredibly proud" of his side's fightback as they fought back from 17-0 down to beat Argentina in the second Test of their summer tour, but admitted they had to "try a little too hard" at the start.
The father of a four-year-old Japanese boy who was left for six days by his parents as a punishment for throwing stones at cars has said he has forgiven his son and that he is a "good dad", local media report.
A pensioner has been given a community payback order after he was caught driving home from a pub in Aberdeenshire while more than four times over the drink-drive limit.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital will not have to pay the £940,000 bill for restoration work carried out on the site in 2011, it has been announced.
An Israeli police officer has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged of him abusing a Palestinian lorry driver in a row over a parking space.
Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, according to former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson, who has praised the club's form since the midfielder's return from injury.
A temp agency has been accused of "sexism" after an advert for a personal assistant with a "b-c cup" was described as "appalling" and "unlawful" by the Equality and Human Rights Commission.
More than half of English Christians do not believe Jesus was a real person, according to a Church of England survey of more than 4,000 people, with more than a quarter believing he was a mythical or fictional character.
The graves of four little girls killed when an unexploded German shell exploded at a house in Wrexham 100 years ago are to be marked by historians who hope to trace the family members of the victims and erect a memorial.
The daughter of Lord Janner, the former Labour peer accused of historical child sex abuse, has said it is an "outrage" that the inquiry into the allegations against him will not be cross-examined by his family.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for the violence at his rallies, following a series of clashes between his supporters and protesters.
People who read tabloids make less progress in vocabulary as adults than those who read highbrow fiction, a study has found.
Grimsby Town have signed Scunthorpe United defender Chris Davis on a two-year deal following his departure from fellow National League side Scrubs.
Here are some of the #DogsAtPollingStations you may have seen on social media on the day of the UK's general election - with dogs, cats and cats all taking to the streets to cast their votes.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union on the future of Scotland's justice system.
Aid has arrived in Vanuatu for the first time since Cyclone Pam hit the island nation a week ago, but aid workers say it is still too little, too late to help people affected by the cyclone.
A man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a woman who was dragged by the neck through the streets of a town in the northern city of Hannover, police say.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places for the first time this season as goals from Liam Roberts and Darren Fletcher saw off Coventry City at Oakwell.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor run of form should not be down to a lack of confidence.
When the Mahatma Gandhi family moved to a village in the western Indian state of Gujarat in 1940, Kanu Gandhi, a young nephew of the leader, was taking pictures of his uncle and political mentor, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey.
A man has been charged after two women were sexually assaulted in the early hours of the morning at a block of flats in Edinburgh city centre.
A company set up by the Welsh government in Torfaen has gone into liquidation with the loss of more than 100 jobs, the BBC has learned.
A councillor who resigned as mayor over his support for a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape should consider his future, a council leader has said.
American Jason Dufner will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational after holing an 18-foot birdie putt at the final hole for an eagle to take a two-stroke lead.
Cyclists have been banned from riding in a Mansfield market place ahead of the Tour of Britain after a council said it was "too dangerous" for "stupid" riders to ride there.
Three Syrian refugees who overpowered a suspected terror suspect in the German city of Leipzig, tied him up and then gave him shelter have been hailed as "heroes" by the country's media and politicians.
The average wealth of working-age households in the UK rose by Â£7,000 between 2006 and 2012, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing anti-austerity party Podemos (We Can) and the Socialists (PSOE) are neck-and-neck with the conservative Popular Party (PP) in opinion polls ahead of June's general election.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee that could rise to £40m.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station in the early hours of Saturday.
Oil giant BP has announced that its profits for the three months to the end of September have fallen by more than a third, to $800m (£520m) compared with $2.5bn (£1.9bn) in the same period last year.
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from an academy in Manchester after failing to meet uniform standards, the BBC has learned.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is planning to make a film on the life of Indian boxer Mary Kom, who is from the country's north-eastern state of Manipur, he has told the BBC.
The new £1.35bn Queensferry Crossing could open by May 2017, six months earlier than previously planned, the project's boss has said.
Plans to end a legal defence for parents who smack their children have been branded "scaremongering" by a group of parents who say it would make them "violent thugs and child abusers".
Wukan is a village in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong which has been at the centre of a long-running dispute with the government over the ownership of its land.
There's a saying in Hollywood that 'the greatest thing that can happen in a long time is for the world to end in a new beginning'.
A Kent company has opened a £1.5m washing machine factory, the first of its kind in the UK, in the county.
US President Barack Obama has said David Cameron "could have done more" to help the Libyan people after the overthrow of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, in an interview with a US magazine.
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal in Belfast that it will not be making any submissions to uphold a weapons conviction of an IRA man who was shot by police 32 years ago, but is seeking to quash a conviction for a weapons offence.
A North Korean court has sentenced an American man to life in prison with hard labour for "hostile acts" after he was found guilty of crimes against the state, state media say.
Motherwell midfielder Dom Thomas has joined League One side Dunfermline Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions secured their place in the Super 8s with a comfortable victory over Salford Red Devils, who missed out on a top-four finish in Super League.
Dame Barbara Windsor is to be played by Jaime Winstone in a BBC One biopic of her life, while Sam Spiro is to reprise her role as Babs Windsor in a one-off TV drama about the star's life.
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken over several military bases in the capital, Abidjan, in the latest escalation of a two-day mutiny that has left at least three people dead and dozens wounded.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have eliminated the so-called "tampon tax" on tampons, the latest in a series of measures to end the controversial practice in the US state.
The UK economy is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) conference in London.
You can spend several hours being jostled by French camera crews, squashed by Italian snappers, or shoved unceremoniously out of the way by any one of 27 other countries' journalists as the leaders of the European Union arrive at the European Council summit in Brussels.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to save 10,000 lives over the next five years and set out its vision for the future of the NHS.
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
Scottish pig farmers are facing a "cash negative situation" because of a sharp fall in the price of the meat, according to the country's largest farming union.
At the other end of the spectrum, there are plenty of people making goods a little better, and more expensively - and most of these goods come with a big, luxury-brand label attached.
Four men have been jailed after being found guilty of stealing £1m worth of Network Rail signalling cable in a "well-planned, well-planned and professional thieving" operation that cost the rail network more than £1.5m.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been found guilty of a misdemeanour charge of criminal mischief for throwing eggs at the home of a neighbour's house in California last year.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist John Swinney looks at the issue of inclusion in the education system for children with disabilities in Scotland.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens head of rugby Keiron Cunningham as their new director of rugby.
Tributes have been paid to Rod Temperton, the British songwriter best known for writing Michael Jackson's Thriller, who has died after a short illness, after he was revealed to have written the track.
England one-day international Sarah Taylor has retired from international cricket to take up a role with the International Cricket Council (ICC) in Dubai, the sport's world governing body.
Cardiff City striker Kenneth Zohore scored the only goal of the game as the Bluebirds made a winning start to the Championship season with victory at Burton Albion.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed when she was hit by a bus in Greater Manchester.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack on a plane, her brother has said, and she is on a ventilator after being taken to hospital.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on a stretch of the M74 as part of a £1.2bn motorway upgrade project.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten half-century to put England in a strong position on day three of the fourth Test against South Africa at Edgbaston.
The sport of amputee football has been going for many years south of the border and now a charity is trying to get more people involved in the sport in Scotland, but how do you get started and what does it take to get it to spread across the country?
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan last year were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it will be "nice" to have a new deal between the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) and the Welsh region's players now that a new contract is expected to be signed this week.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says he is worried about the decline in the number of independent nurseries supplying UK supermarkets.
A 19-year-old diver has been rescued from the sea off the west coast of Scotland after getting into difficulty while working on a shipwreck.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he knew there was nothing he could do for his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot in the head with a cricket bat.
Israeli police have launched an investigation into alleged price-fixing involving trips for high school students to Auschwitz-Birkenau and other Holocaust memorials, reports say.
Stuart McCall's first game in charge of Bradford ended in a draw as his side were held to a draw by Oldham at Valley Parade.
Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has joined French Ligue 1 side Nice from Turkish club Galatasaray for an undisclosed fee.
Dover moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a convincing victory over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against plans to build up to 1,000 new student accommodation units at the town's university.
Traffic management measures are set to come into force on the M8 and M74 motorways as part of a £1.2bn upgrade of the motorways in Scotland.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than as a criminal matter, a police and crime commissioner has said, as he called for a treatment centre to be set up in Wrexham.
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that he would not do a deal with the SNP in the event of a hung parliament if the price of power was doing so.
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was at its lowest level since records began, according to official figures.
A mother who has been on the run with her five-year-old son for more than a month has been urged by police to contact them.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second public consultation on plans for a new Welsh medium high school in Haverfordwest.
There's been a big rise in the number of people needing hospital treatment in the UK over the last few years.
The family of a boy scarred for life after he was mauled by a dog in Cardiff has been awarded £50,000 in compensation.
An 18-year-old man has died after falling from a statue of a General in Devon, police have said.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest rise since 2006, according to the latest figures from the country's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
The flag of Admiral Lord Nelson's flagship HMS Victory at the Battle of Trafalgar has been discovered in a cupboard at a Pembrokeshire castle, its owner has said.
A British student has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates after being found with cocaine with a street value of about £3,000 in a car in Dubai.
The police have handed over to a US university transcripts of a former loyalist prisoner's account of the Troubles as part of an investigation into the murder of Jean McConville.
Russian weightlifter Evgeny Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test at Rio 2016.
Benik Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to draw with Watford at Vicarage Road and move within a point of the Championship play-off places.
It is "more important than ever" for Welsh communities to spread the message of "togetherness and unity" over Christmas, the first minister has said in his festive message to the nation.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with new anti-doping rules for next year's Games in Rio, says the sport's world governing body.
"I don't want to be too sinister because social media is supposed to be fun, but sometimes we do need to think about what we are sharing online."
CCTV footage of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe in Sydney, Australia, in which a gunman was killed by officers, has been released to the public for the first time, as an inquest into his death continues.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being sold to two Turkish firms, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Salford Red Devils have signed Ireland international Tyrone McCarthy from Wigan Warriors for the start of the 2016 Super League season.
A man who died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire factory has been named by police as a 23-year-old man from Skegness.
Syria has submitted its final declaration of its chemical weapons stockpile to the international watchdog overseeing the destruction of the country's arsenal, the organisation set up to oversee the destruction has said.
A "groundbreaking" therapy for cystic fibrosis could be a "fundamental treatment" for the disease, doctors say.
A bookshop dubbed one of the world's best in the world has launched an appeal to raise £5,000 to pay for structural work to help it stay standing.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland, but has warned that the situation remains "dire" for the dairy industry.
The government has lost a vote in the House of Lords on its plans to give English MPs an effective veto on English-only laws after a row over the process for introducing such a system.
A man who posted "grossly offensive" comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for six months.
The Cypriot parliament is due to vote on Sunday on a bailout deal agreed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), which must be approved by the country's parliament.
Two climbers have climbed to the summits of St Kilda's two highest sea stacks in the Western Isles in a bid to raise awareness of the plight of the island's seabirds.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught by a Cardiff speed camera since it was installed more than three years ago, figures have revealed.
The inquests into the deaths of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened and adjourned by a coroner at Manchester Crown Court.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has been ordered to pay damages to a construction firm after it failed to secure a multi-million pound road contract.
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwblhau yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas ar gyfer
A Derbyshire GP who carried out a series of "brutal and sustained" knife attacks on patients has had his jail term increased from five to 10 years.
Two disabled people have won the right to a judicial review into the government's handling of the switchover from disability benefits to a new scheme for people with mental health problems.
David Cameron has defended the government's record on tax in his first Prime Minister's Questions since the Mossack Fonseca leak, saying the government has been "very clear" about its commitment to tackling tax evasion and avoidance.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart in what police are treating as a case of attempted murder.
Teachers' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and their employers in a long-running dispute over pay.
Fewer than half of nurseries and childminders say they will be able to provide free childcare for three and four-year-olds under the government's new scheme, a survey suggests.
It may be their signature pose, but how and why flamingos are able to stand unsupported on one leg is still a mystery, according to a new study.
An 18-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in a hit-and-run crash in Londonderry.
The RMT union has said it will accept a pay offer from London Underground over the Night Tube which includes a £500 bonus for staff on lines where the service will run.
The mother of Madeleine McCann, who went missing from her family's home in Portugal in 2007, has begun a cycle ride across the UK in a bid to raise money for charity.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the president of the country, according to her lawyer.
A search has been carried out for a man reported missing off the coast of East Lothian after a boat was reported to have capsized on the River Tay.
Plans to increase the number of restaurants at a £1bn shopping and leisure complex have been approved by councillors.
Venezuela's Supreme Court has been condemned by Latin American countries after it ordered the suspension of the country's controversial National Assembly, which is backed by the opposition.
Councils in Wales should not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
A 19-year-old man has been seriously injured after being attacked by two men in a park in Leicestershire, police have said.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported their busiest January on record, following a strong start to the year for both airports.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture" and that it faces a number of risks, including a slowdown in China and a rise in oil prices.
It's been a day when Europe's finance ministers and the Cypriot government have been at loggerheads over what to do with the savings of small savers in the island of Cyprus.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe for the first time in connection with the killing of a lion in the country's Hwange National Park, which has sparked outrage in the US.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the armed forces after they were filmed carrying British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax, Nova Scotia, on Canada Day.
Labour has gained Tatton from the Conservatives in Cheshire, with the party holding on to all but one of its Cheshire seats in the general election.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana says, in the latest in a series of blasts in the capital.
A double-decker bus has crashed into a metal barrier overhanging the Jed Water in North Lanarkshire after it left the road and hit a car and a wall.
A man who bludgeoned a Romanian woman to death in a "brutal and senseless" attack has been jailed for life for her murder.
Scotland has missed its annual greenhouse gas emissions target for the fourth year in a row, according to new figures from the Scottish government.
How did King Arthur come to be, who is he and why is he so popular, and what is the history of Camelot so shrouded in mystery?
The HS2 high speed rail project is planning to close more than 200 weekends over the next five years, a campaign group has claimed.
A lorry driver who killed a three-year-old girl and seriously injured her mother when he crashed into a queue of traffic has been jailed for six years and four months.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" in a row over his refusal to appear before a Commons committee.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was burnt to death in a suspected petrol bomb attack at a house in Stockport.
Workers in east London are to be able to work in a tree for free as part of a scheme to raise money for parks and open spaces in the area.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped knighthoods and damehoods in the country's honours system, in a move that has been welcomed by monarchist groups.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 26-24 in a dramatic Super Bowl 50 half-time show at the Super Bowl in Houston, Texas, to win the game for the second time in three years.
A Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has been given a sneak preview of the film at London's Royal Albert Hall.
Championship side Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Milan Benedicic on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
A construction worker working on an arts centre in Gwynedd has told BBC Wales the building is a "mess" and could not be completed on time because of a "rush" to complete the project.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon, where armed militia men have been occupying a government building for more than a week in a protest against the seizure of land by the US government.
A charity set up in memory of a teenage girl who was murdered 16 years ago is to end after its 16th anniversary.
A man in his 20s has died following a crash on the Kilkeel Road in Ballymena, County Londonderry, police have said.
A group of protesters have confronted Orange Order priest Fr Michael Donegan during a parade in Londonderry on Saturday.
Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev has raised its takeover offer for rival SABMiller, but the brewer has rejected the offer, saying it still "very substantially undervalues" the company.
An all-white humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted making its way up Australia's east coast for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has said the Scottish government will not be "sacrificed" to the chancellor's "austerity obsession" as it prepares to unveil its spending plans.
A court in Denmark has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for selling details of public figures' locations to a popular magazine.
Huddersfield Town defender Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for headbutting Manchester United's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain cut to six games after being found guilty of violent conduct following their FA Cup semi-final defeat at Wembley.
Former England batsman James Taylor and former Northamptonshire batsman David Sales have returned to the county as part of their coaching staff for the 2017 season.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia can recover from their poor start to the season, despite being promoted to La Liga.
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart's future is a "big concern" for England manager Sam Allardyce, who wants more English players to play for their club before playing for the national team.
Chesterfield moved out of the League One relegation zone as Conor O'Shea's second-half strike secured victory over Port Vale at Chesterfield.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second-largest economy, as it prepares to report its growth rate for the third quarter.
A peer has been found guilty of making racially aggravated comments about Gina Miller on Facebook after he offered a reward of up to Â£5,000 for the first person to "accidentally" run over her.
The number of people killed on Britain's roads rose by almost 40% in the year to September 2015, with the number of deaths in England and Wales rising by 3%, according to official figures.
More than half of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business in the short to medium term, according to a survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game against Chelsea, with Paul Pogba and Luke Shaw both available after suspension.
France's two centre-right presidential candidates have clashed over social and economic reforms in their final TV debate before Sunday's first round vote in the race for the Republican nomination.
Playing with a father's baby can improve the child's cognitive development, according to a study of more than 100 fathers from three UK universities.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "proud" of the government's record on free school meals and will honour its general election manifesto pledge to fund all infant children's meals.
Residents in Pembrokeshire could have their black bin bags collected three times a week in a bid to save money, a committee of councillors has been told.
A man in the US state of California has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three others in a case of animal cruelty.
A football club has become the second in the UK to go vegan in the past two months.
Dundee have signed former Motherwell and St Mirren midfielder Paul van Zanten on a one-year contract.
World number one Novak Djokovic will play Dominic Thiem in the French Open semi-finals on Friday after defending champion Serena Williams was knocked out of the tournament in the quarter-finals.
MSPs on the Holyrood finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plans to change the top two council tax bands.
Burnley midfielder Ashley Westwood is available to face Hull after missing the FA Cup win over Lincoln because of a hamstring injury.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom captain Jonny Evans, reports BBC Radio 5 live, with the club having made a £25m bid for the centre-back.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of an RAF veteran who served in World War Two, after an advert in a local newspaper was shared on social media and a plea for people to attend was shared more than 1,000 times.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson missed out on her first major international high jump title as she finished third at the IAAF World Indoor Athletics Championships in London.
A British man who was on board the train that was attacked by a gunman in Arras, France, on Friday has spoken of the horror of being locked away by train staff who did nothing to help him or other passengers.
A Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 83 after a long battle with arthritis, according to a zoo in California.
The United States women's World Cup football team is to be paraded through New York City on Wednesday to celebrate their historic victory in the tournament.
A funeral has been held in the Republic of Ireland for two young boys who were found dead in a car driven by their father in a suspected murder-suicide in County Mayo on Monday.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child under the age of 13 and making indecent images of children on his mobile phone.
Plans for a new £10m post-16 centre for young people in Torfaen have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Photographs showing the aftermath of the Dambusters raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Germany in World War Two have sold at auction for more than three times their estimated price.
A Dumfries and Galloway butcher has come up with a new twist on the traditional Easter egg - by wrapping a sweet chilli pork sausage inside a chocolate egg.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future at the club is "over" after the striker scored his first goal for the club in the 1-0 win over Stoke.
A Russian maestro has conducted a concert in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra in protest against Islamic State (IS) militants who destroyed the city's ancient theatre last year.
The Metropolitan Opera in New York has cancelled a performance of an opera about the 1985 hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants, citing "genuine concern" from the international Jewish community.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark says he wants to be part of a Rangers-Hibernian "wow factor" in the Premiership next season if his side can close the gap on Premiership leaders Hamilton Academical.
The UK government is sending a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world by cutting subsidies for renewable energy, the UN's climate change chief has said.
A robot designed by Japan's Shigeru Arai is one of the first artificial intelligence (AI) machines to be tested for reading and writing skills by the country's education ministry.
Militants in Syria say they have captured the pilot of a Syrian military jet that crashed in the north of the country on Sunday, killing himself and at least one other pilot.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the vacant Toulon head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
The man who has provided the voice of Muppet Kermit the Frog for more than 30 years is to step down from his role, according to US media reports.
Police investigating the death of a 23-year-old man in Wishaw have said they are "confident" the answer to his death lies within the local community of Larkhall in North Lanarkshire.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis after the tow line between it and a tug boat broke, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency has said.
A drink-driver who caused the death of a teenager in a car crash in Cambridgeshire has been jailed for two years and eight months for causing death by careless driving.
Widnes Vikings can turn their poor start to the Super League season around if they can find a winning streak, according to assistant coach Chris Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black has dropped midfielder Martin Olsson from his first-team squad after the player refused to play for the club following their relegation from the Premier League.
A house in Londonderry has been set alight in the early hours of Sunday morning in what police are treating as a double arson attack.
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru are set to highlight their opposition to Labour's manifesto pledges in the run-up to the general election on 8 June.
A female swan which was shot in the head with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the Scottish SPCA.
A new body has been set up to oversee the registration and regulation of non-formal and in-work education professionals in Wales, including teachers and learning support staff.
Amnesty International has said it is "deeply concerned" by reports that Saudi Arabia is preparing to execute more than 50 people in the coming days, following a rise in executions this year.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a ranch in the US state of New Mexico after apparently getting "mad" at the sale of some of their stable-mates, and a raccoon climbed a crane in Toronto, while a lorry full of honeybees overturned in Washington state.
Four men have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty on a cliff on the Isle of Skye.
An MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in a pro-independence campaign will not face any further action because of "insufficient evidence", the Crown Office has said.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in May's assembly election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure can improve the mental and physical health of adults and children, a report says.
Formula 1 team boss Christian Horner says he is "amazed" Silverstone has triggered its "break clause" in its contract to host the British Grand Prix.
A lifeboat station in south Wales has installed a high-definition camera to monitor sea conditions and help staff assess the risk of people being swept out to sea in high winds and waves.
United Airlines is offering millions of dollars in rewards to hackers who report security holes in its websites.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle and end a run of three straight league defeats.
A new study has found that horses' heart rates rise faster when they see angry or happy faces, and it could be down to the colour of the person's face.
More than 1,000 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past three months, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being stabbed in a street attack in East Lothian.
Charles scored a late winner as Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by 10-man Espanyol at the Wanda Metropolitano.
Ben Davies scored the only goal of the game as Tottenham came from behind to beat Aston Villa and reach the FA Cup fourth round for the first time in 20 years.
Finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs, the company has confirmed.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his players have created a club record of 25 wins out of 30 Premier League matches as they aim to win the title for a record-equalling 10th successive season.
A drug which could cut the risk of HIV infection by up to 86% is to be trialled on the NHS in Wales, the Welsh Government has announced.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against a decision to strip her of her Russian citizenship.
Social housing contributed more than £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
Transport for London (TfL) has said it has hired more than 1,000 extra staff for the Night Tube service, with the cost of the extra work totalling £1.5m.
A wood fire which has been burning for more than a month has been brought under control after it burst into a fresh blaze in Cardiff Bay.
The public inquiry into historical child sex abuse in Westminster should be scrapped and replaced with a "stronger" body, a former Welsh government minister has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are the BBC's daily and Sunday political programme for MPs and peers, covering the political news from Westminster and beyond, with guests from across the political spectrum, including guests from the BBC News Channel, BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 5 live, and the BBC Sport website.
White teenagers at English schools now have the lowest application rate of any ethnic group for university places, according to new figures from the admissions service Ucas.
Hull KR fought back from 22-14 down at half-time to deny Halifax a first Super League win of the season and end a run of three straight defeats.
A baby who died of sepsis after being born in a toilet could have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her twin brother at a new play park in South Lanarkshire.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended the paramilitary theme at her grandmother's funeral, saying it was what she wanted.
JogScotland has said it is "devastated" and "shocked" after the Scottish government announced it is to withdraw £100,000 of funding for the initiative.
When I caught up with Gavin Robinson in the leafy streets just outside the Stormont estate where he is standing in the East Belfast by-election he had the protection of his party leaders and senior unionist figures behind him.
A fourth Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street, the latest in a string of officers to be disciplined for misconduct.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End musical version of the film Made in Dagenham, the producers of which have told the BBC they would "very much love" to have her in the show when it opens in London next year.
England's collapse on the final day of the second Test in Visakhapatnam was not down to the pitch as much as it was down to England's state of mind.
Two brothers have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 sheep from neighbouring farms in a case described as one of the UK's first prosecution under the Proceeds of Crime Act.
The Greek prime minister has said that the "vicious circle of Cold War rhetoric and sanctions" against Russia is "not productive" and that the solution to tensions is dialogue.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy surrounding the use of banned substances by some of his riders.
One of Russia's best-known journalists, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his flat in St Petersburg, Russian media report.
The surviving crew of Pan Am Flight 73 have spoken for the first time about the last few hours of the hijacking of the plane in 1986, describing how they helped the hijackers escape from the plane and how they kept the rest of the crew safe.
The "potentially perilous state" of British policing is being put at risk by an "unconscious form of rationing" by some police forces, the police watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham goalkeeper Lukasz Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): Shares in advertising giant WPP and energy giant National Grid were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday, after the companies announced they were cutting their dividends.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a teenager who took her own life after a photo of her alleged rape was posted online.
Olympic bronze medallist Aneurin Bevan says he still has a "small chance" of making the Great Britain gymnastics team for the Rio Games despite breaking his leg in training.
Two people have been killed in a two-vehicle crash in Caithness on Saturday.
The search for a man who went missing while out for a run in Powys has been called off for the night, police have said.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce was "outwitted" and "outplayed" by Chelsea in their goalless draw at Stamford Bridge, according to Blues boss Jose Mourinho, who said the game was "like football from the 19th Century".
The UN's special envoy to Syria has warned that the peace process in the country could collapse "any time" as fighting between government forces and rebels intensifies.
Mae arweinydd Plaid Cymru yn dilyn cyhoeddiad ar ôl Brexit wedi dweud bod "angen i Gymru benderfynu ar ei dyfodol" ar annibyniaeth i'r
Northampton's George North says the British and Irish Lions need to "kick on" from their opening two matches of their tour of New Zealand to build momentum ahead of the three-Test series against the All Blacks.
A bomb disposal team has carried out a controlled explosion after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found in Rotherham.
A song written for the England football team that won the 1982 World Cup has been re-released 30 years after it was originally shelved by the record label.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school for allegedly insulting Islam after a video of him being humiliated went viral on social media.
Environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have said they are "shocked and surprised" at the scale of funding cuts they have received from the government.
When it comes to food, Indian restaurants are no different from any other eateries in the world, but the difference is that they are much more selective about the food they serve.
Equiniti has become the first Scottish company to win a contract from Her Majesty's Passport Office to provide a cloud-based time and attendance system for its staff.
The US Coast Guard has expanded its search for two teenage boys who went missing after their boat capsized off the coast of Florida on Friday.
The Met Office has named the storm that is set to hit the UK this week, Abigail, and it's expected to bring lots of rain and strong winds to parts of the country.
The Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to a ruling that a parade should not be allowed to take place in Belfast, the organisation's chief executive has said.
Plans to redevelop Bristol City's Ashton Gate will go ahead in May, the club's majority shareholder has said, after a judicial review was granted for the work to begin.
There was a time when by-elections were a speciality of the Liberal Democrats, but not any more, after they came fourth in the Corby by-election and lost their deposit in the Manchester Central seat.
Roberto Martinez says he will "treasure this period" of his time as Everton manager "forever" as he thanked the club and chairman Bill Kenwright in his final statement before being sacked.
Newport County have signed midfielder Luke Compton and defender Lee Rigg as they continue to strengthen their squad ahead of the new League Two season.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, we take a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the history of Welsh football and the players who have helped the country reach the finals of the tournament.
Rome's city council has ordered the removal of padlocks attached to a famous bridge in the Italian capital in a bid to protect the structure from rust.
Friends of a British man who was murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" into his death after his wife was arrested on suspicion of his murder.
When Garry Ringrose makes his Six Nations debut for Ireland against Italy in Dublin on Saturday, it will be the latest chapter in the story of a young man who has been dubbed the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has returned to the UK stage for the first time since her Las Vegas residency ended last year, but her performance in London was an underwhelming affair.
Skye missed out on the chance to go top of the Premiership for the first time this season as they drew 1-1 at home to Inverness Caledonian Thistle on a day when Kyles and Murchison also drew.
Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) in damages to former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan after a video of him having sex with a woman was posted on its website.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has given his backing to Colum Eastwood in the race to be the party's next leader, the BBC has learned.
The AirAsia plane crash in Malaysia was the latest in a series of tragedies that have hit the aviation industry in the last few years.
A Pablo Picasso portrait of a young woman and a Van Gogh landscape by Vincent van Gogh have been sold at auction in New York for more than $100m (£66m) each.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to speed up the discovery of new drugs and speed up clinical trials, says Prof Andrew Hopkins, chief executive of Exscientia, an AI-based drug discovery firm.
Wales' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 quarter-finals ended with a 2-0 defeat by Portugal in their last-16 tie at the Stadio Olimpico in Kiev.
A six-year-old girl who drowned in a Blackpool hotel swimming pool was rescued by a hotel guest and an off-duty paramedic before she died, an inquest has heard.
A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and beating him to death in a village near the eastern city of Abbottabad, police say.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says the Elite League play-off semi-finals are "the hardest thing to win" as his side prepare for their return to the event for the first time since 2013-14.
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed to new admissions after a number of cases of flu were confirmed in the city.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid for information on 51 players under the age of 18 in order to find out if they have broken transfer rules.
John Commons says he has "no plans" to extend his loan spell at Hibernian beyond the end of the season after making his debut for the club on Saturday.
More than half a million motorists have been caught speeding in a Leicestershire village in the past year, according to figures released by a road safety group.
French energy group EDF has reported a 7% fall in first-quarter profits to €1.6bn (£1.3bn) as sales fell 7% to €21.4bn.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the world's top snooker player any more, and is trying to find his "place" in the sport.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship, which will run from March 2012 to March 2017.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech to Liverpool's fans on Monday night was as much about his departure from Anfield as it was about his time at the club - and the reaction from the Anfield faithful was just the opposite.
Northern Ireland's justice minister has said he has been assured that the government will honour its promise to provide extra funding for institutions that deal with the legacy of the Troubles, but only if Stormont politicians can agree how best to deal with it.
Spain's Catalonia region is at the centre of a political crisis over its bid to break away from the rest of the country and become an independent state of its own.
A decision on a £100m development on a former airfield site in Guildford is "unlikely" to be made before the end of the year, a councillor has said.
Two Londonderry-based water rescue charities have been awarded grants totalling more than £40,000 to help them cope with the demands of their work.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at the Waverley cafe in which two women were killed by a gunman who went on to kill himself, by lighting up the iconic building in the city centre.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been found guilty of misconduct but has been cleared of gross misconduct, the police and crime commissioner (PCC) has confirmed.
The Football Association of England and Scotland have said they will allow their players to wear poppies on armbands during their game against Northern Ireland in Belfast on Friday.
The search for survivors of a Venezuelan military helicopter that crashed on Thursday has resumed, the country's defence minister has said, amid reports that the search is continuing despite bad weather.
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been confirmed as missing mother-of-two Stephanie Stevenson, police have said.
Keaton Jennings hit his first Championship century of the season as Durham were bowled out for 256 before James Onions and James Rushworth took three wickets for Somerset on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United have been banned from keeping any material seized in the tax fraud investigation that led to the seizure of the club's headquarters and grounds.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs in a bid to help a group of school principals fight proposed cuts to education in Northern Ireland.
Blackpool have signed former York City and York City left-back Ben Davies on a one-year contract.
A petition calling for a referendum on directly elected mayors to be introduced to Bath and North East Somerset Council has been given the go-ahead by the council.
A body found in an oil drum in a river in Malaysia has been confirmed as that of a Brazilian medical officer who went missing after being abducted in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, police say.
A murder inquiry has been launched into the deaths of a mother and son who were shot dead at a flat in south-west London.
England head coach Leonie Powell says her side's 2-0 win over Japan in their final group game at the Women's World Cup has put them in the quarter-finals of the tournament.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Apprentice Boys parade and thanksgiving service in Londonderry on Saturday.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Westwood on loan until the end of the season.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) says, up from the previous estimate of about 5,000.
Welsh scientists are hoping to develop a mead which could help protect people from food poisoning by preventing them from getting sick in the first place.
The Northern Ireland Executive is being investigated by the European Commission over whether it is breaking EU water rules by not charging people to use the water they use.
A commemorative stone has been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One soldier who was killed in France.
A psychiatrist who investigated the effects of Gulf War Syndrome on armed forces personnel has been appointed a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth left-back Chris Hollands on a one-month loan deal.
Voters in Colombia are going to the polls to elect a new president in the second round of the country's presidential election, after the incumbent was defeated in the first round last month.
Dawn Purvis, the director of the Marie Stopes abortion clinic in Belfast, is to step down from her post next month.
England's Jamie Simpson lost 4-3 to Egypt's Ahmed El-Khalifa in the second round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in Abu Dhabi.
Ross Cummins' second-half header was enough to give St Johnstone victory over Hamilton Academical and move them level on points with second-placed Hearts at the top of the Premiership.
A man has been charged with murder after the body of a student was found in a burnt-out car following a car fire.
Richie Ramsay said he had no regrets about missing out on the chance to win his first European Tour title at Castle Stuart on Sunday, despite the disappointment of finishing in a tie for third.
Leinster moved six points clear at the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused the UK government of being "nonsensical" and "ridiculous" over its plans for Brexit, saying it is "back to its daft 'have cake and eat it' approach to Brexit".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will "get on with" the launch of the Night Tube, despite union leaders saying the service will not be launched this year.
NHS Grampian has been asked to improve staffing levels in some wards at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary after concerns were raised about the quality of care for older people in acute care.
Sri Lanka has rejected a UN call for a special court to investigate alleged war crimes during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels, saying the country's justice system is "not yet ready to handle these types of crime".
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Butterfield won Great Britain's first gold medal of the World Para-athletics Championships with victory in the women's F51 100m hurdles in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there will be "no veto" for Wales in the negotiations over the UK's departure from the European Union.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs are increasing the risk of malaria in parts of the world where the disease is prevalent, according to a study in The Lancet Infectious Diseases.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi, a type of rice cake, the country's fire department has said.
Teachers at an under-performing academy in East Yorkshire are taking part in a second strike in less than a month in a row over the running of the school.
Two US states, the District of Columbia and Maryland, have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump, accusing him of violating the constitution by accepting payments from foreign governments through his business empire.
A police training centre has been paid for by a £30,000 donation from a fund set up to help criminals pay back money they have been ordered to pay back, it has emerged.
Two Telford schools run by the same trust have been placed in special measures by Ofsted for the third time in less than a year.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her four-month-old son from his home in Shropshire, with the help of a "to-do list" containing sterilisers, nappies and milk for babies, a court has heard.
Rangers have signed Lithuanian midfielder Tomas Zaliukas on a two-year deal after he impressed on his first day of pre-season training at Ibrox.
The prime minister has revealed her Christmas plans for this year, including watching Doctor Who and Agatha Christie on Christmas Eve.
Australia is set to become the first country to export live cattle to China, the country's agriculture minister has said, after the two countries agreed on health conditions for the trade.
Police investigating the disappearance of an RAF serviceman have released CCTV images of three teenagers they want to speak to in a bid to find him.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games by the Football Association after being sent off for elbowing in the face.
Dinamo Bucharest will put the Romanian Cup trophy on the grave of Patrick Ekeng if they beat CFR Cluj in the final in memory of the player who died after collapsing on the pitch, the club has said.
Mainland media are largely ignoring Bo Xilai, the disgraced former Chinese politician and politician accused of corruption, as he denies the charges against him in his trial in the southern city of Jinan.
An 86-year-old man who has Parkinson's disease has said he will not be able to walk without help after his mobility scooter broke down in a village in Cornwall.
The States of Guernsey has spent more than £1.1m on advertising and public relations in the past year, according to new figures.
Great Britain's Bryony Dickson has won a silver medal in the women's trampolining at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Welsh Labour leadership contender Owen Smith has said he would have voted for the Iraq war had he been in parliament in 2003, when he was working as a special adviser to Paul Murphy.
A former Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of abusing boys at Inverness Catholic High School in the 1970s and 80s.
A schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open a library in Birmingham dedicated to her campaign for girls' education.
A senior Russian prison official has been arrested on suspicion of stealing millions of dollars by dismantling and selling off a state-funded road in the north of the country, officials say.
The United Nations Security Council has agreed to send more than 200 police officers to Burundi to help tackle violence in the country, amid fears of a repeat of the ethnic violence that has plagued the country since the start of the year.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Blaenau Gwent while he was more than 130m (328ft) away from the scene.
Jack Marriott's first-half strike was enough to give Luton Town victory over Leyton Orient in the League Two play-off semi-final first leg at Kenilworth Road.
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be praised for its "good work" after she won her third medal at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong.
Toyota is to help fund the development of a flying car that could be used in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, according to reports.
A 92-year-old woman who has been living with her daughter in the UK for more than two years has been told she can appeal against her deportation to her native South Africa.
The prime minister has said the police in Northern Ireland will be "properly resourced" despite a lack of money for investigations into Troubles-related crimes in the past.
Super League player Paul Tickle is in a stable condition in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester, police have said.
A Gloucestershire company has been fined £50,000 after a worker was crushed to death when a telehandler he was driving crashed into a shipping container at a Gloucester power station.
Algeria midfielder Abdelhamid Mbolhi has joined Turkish Super Lig side Galatasaray from Turkish side Fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £1.5m.
Plans to buy a former Ceredigion primary school site and turn it into a community car park have been put on hold in a bid to prevent it being sold to a developer.
Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by struggling Colchester United.
Tranmere Rovers boss Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after they were relegated from the National League.
A car dealer has been fined for placing a vintage Ferrari on the Mews in west London after it was spotted by a photographer who wanted to take a picture of it.
A doctor in Tanzania is training boda boda drivers to be first-responders in emergencies, in a bid to cut the number of road accidents on Tanzania's roads, writes the BBC's Farai Sevenzo in the capital, Mwanza.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, boosted by housebuilders and a possible takeover bid for ITV, while SIG shares jumped after it reported better-than-expected sales.
Men are more likely to get a pay rise than women when they ask for one, a study of workplace relations in Australia has found.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train in Moray in which a man was punched in the face.
More than 100 soldiers involved in the shootings on Bloody Sunday have been contacted by the PSNI as part of its investigation into the killings, the BBC has learned.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn, Heddlu Dyfed Powys a'r Gweithgor Iechyd a Diogelwch yn cynnal ymchwiliad yng Nghastell Martin yn Sir Ben
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former MP to life in prison for his role in the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Fulham and Luton Town defender David Lawless on a one-year deal.
A science and technology centre which has attracted millions of visitors over the past 30 years has been given more time to plan for its future after it was told its Welsh Government funding would end in 2021.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco International Airport and scaling the wing of the aircraft and running on to the runway, police say.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in the grounds of a golf club in Edinburgh last year have said they still do not know why she travelled to the city.
A group of nine people, including six children, have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross the border into Syria, the Turkish interior ministry has said.
Italian rider Franck Petricola has been killed in a crash during practice at the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday night.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts, police have said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at a campaign in India against sexist remarks made by a Hindu temple priest about menstruating women.
A holidaymaker who died after eating a strawberry sorbet on holiday in Greece died of an anaphylactic shock, an inquest has heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for five years for indecently assaulting a 14-year old girl after meeting her on a social networking site.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Scotland has risen for the first time in three months, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says Robert Snodgrass will be out of action for six months after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Formula 1 is home to some of the most famous names in motorsport, with Lewis Hamilton, Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg among the biggest names in the sport's history.
Police are appealing for information after a woman was raped in a Dundee street in the early hours of the morning.
Vincenzo Nibali's Vuelta a Espana title hopes were dealt a blow as he was disqualified from stage two after being involved in a crash while holding a water bottle in his team car.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title, beating the British number two in the final of the Aegon International in Birmingham.
A 12-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in London, police have said.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past 10 years, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Piers Piper are to return for the show's 50th anniversary special, which will mark the 50th birthday of the sci-fi series.
Two rockets have landed in the southern Israeli city of Eilat, close to the border with Egypt, after being fired from the Sinai peninsula, Israeli police say.
It was the book that first made Australia known as The Lucky Country, and it's now in its sixth edition, prompting the question: is it still the Lucky Country?
It is 20 years since the start of the first Gulf War - a conflict that, in many ways, marks the beginning of the end of the Cold War in the Middle East.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in the Irish capital, Dublin, to protest against what they see as the government's handling of the EU referendum.
Wales hooker James Hook is to return to Ospreys from Gloucester at the end of the season after signing a new deal with the Premiership club.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken for the first time about the time she was fat-shamed on set, saying she was told she was "too big" by one of her male co-stars.
Concerns have been raised over plans for a biomass power plant and student accommodation in Norwich, which could lead to the building of up to 120 new homes.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married and is looking forward to a "honeymoon" with his bride-to-be in the off-season, as he prepares for his return to action at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells.
ITV's award-winning drama Broadchurch is to return for its final series later this year, the network has announced.
Dumfries and Galloway was celebrating a very special day in the history of the town in the early 1870s when the people of the Doonhams gathered to celebrate one of the most significant events in the town's history.
The chief executive of an NHS trust criticised for poor patient care at a hospital in East Sussex has stepped down after five years in the post.
A new set of traffic lights are to be installed at a busy junction after a rise in the number of injuries caused by roadworks.
When Russian opposition activist Boris Nemtsov was shot dead last year, his colleagues said they were working on a report on the cost of the conflict in Ukraine, which they hoped would help galvanise public opinion against the Russian president.
Prisoners at HMP Dumfries and Galloway in West Lothian are given a choice of two rooms - one in which they can spend the whole of their time, and one where they are restricted to a single cell for the rest of their sentence.
John Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry for more than 40 years, but he was also one of Northern Ireland's most important peace brokers.
Cigarette and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£100,000 has been seized in Skegness as part of a crackdown on the sale of illegal products in the town.
Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations have ended with a spectacular New Year's Eve street party on Calton Hill in the centre of the city.
Up to 32,000 people will be evacuated from their homes in the German city of Augsburg on Sunday after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found in the town, officials say.
One of the largest groups of land-based vertebrates, which includes crocodiles and turtles, may not have been able to give birth to live babies, according to a new study.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen by 1% in the past year, according to the latest figures from the Welsh government.
What should government do when things go badly for one group of people and they don't turn out to be what they were expected to be?
The crew of a speedboat which crashed in Portsmouth Harbour were not wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets when it was test-run for a racing event, a report has found.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died in a plane crash in southern France has heard the pilot may have made a sharp turn while trying to right the aircraft before the crash.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said the UK's policy in Syria has been hampered by "wishful thinking" and a lack of understanding of the scale of the conflict in the country.
Stephen Hawking is to give the first of the annual BBC Reith Lectures, in which he will examine the nature of black holes and the future of medicine.
More than 1,000 schools and academy trusts in England are in debt, the government has admitted, in response to a question from the Liberal Democrats.
A 24-hour strike by airport ground workers in Chile has ended after the government and union agreed to resume talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a pension plan.
Copenhagen police say they believe a submarine owned by a Danish inventor may have deliberately sunk after a Swedish journalist went missing while on a trip on board it.
Citizens Advice is calling for a mandatory 12-month limit on back bills for energy customers who have not paid their bills for more than a year, as part of a campaign by the regulator Ofgem.
A fatal accident inquiry into the death of a boy who was crushed to death by a gravestone in a Glasgow cemetery has heard that up to 900 headstones were deemed unsafe by council staff.
For the first time, MI6 is taking on the James Bond image on the silver screen, as part of a drive to recruit from the widest, most diverse cross-section of society, as the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire reports.
Dixons Carphone, the owner of Carphone Warehouse, Currys and PC World, has reported a rise in annual profits, despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has signed a one-year contract extension with Middlesex until the end of the 2017 season.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with another state-owned firm in a move that would create the country's biggest steelmaker.
Arsenal's performance in the FA Cup final against Aston Villa was the best I have seen from Arsene Wenger's team since he took charge of the Gunners.
On 7 August 1947, India and Pakistan were split into two new countries called Pakistan and India.
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said it would be "unwise" for a new body to be set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland in the wake of the McGuigan and Davison murders.
Zesco United of Zambia came from behind to draw 2-2 away to Cairo's Al Ahly of Egypt and keep alive their hopes of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media and social media to focus on his music.
A boy who suffered severe brain injuries when he was left brain-damaged after being treated by two GPs and a paramedic has been awarded more than £3.5m in compensation.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has accepted responsibility for his side's 3-1 defeat by Sevilla in the Europa League final in Basel, saying he will use the disappointment of missing out on Champions League football "to get better".
Hundreds of students in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school examinations this year, local media reports say, amid widespread reports of parents and relatives trying to help their children cheat.
James Pattinson took a career-best five-wicket haul as Australia beat the West Indies by an innings and 95 runs in the first Test in Perth to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the United States have been working together for more than 30 years to find new ways to fight malaria, onchocerciasis, lymphatic filariasis and elephantiasis - diseases caused by roundworm parasites.
Germany's Siemens and Japan's Mitsubishi have increased their offer for the French rail and energy firm Alstom in a bid to take over the firm.
Hampshire's former England Test batsman Michael Carberry has made his first appearance for the county since being diagnosed with cancer last year.
A council chief executive who won a defamation case against a blogger has not been told if he will keep any of the £190,000 she owes him, BBC Wales has learned.
Rising Star won the Grand National at Aintree for the first time as he ran out a comfortable winner of the 2016 Cheltenham Gold Cup on a rain-hit day.
Bolton Wanderers and Birmingham City played out a goalless draw in their first Championship game of the season at the Madejski Stadium.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as they were beaten by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game before the tournament in France in June.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has urged fans to "do not panic" and give his players a chance to rediscover their form.
There are few sporting rivalries as passionate as the one between Northern Ireland and Italy, and there are few rivalries that can rival those between the two countries' supporters.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a two-vehicle crash in Gwynedd.
Libya will not be able to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the country, the continent's football governing body has announced.
The Great Yorkshire Run is one of the biggest sporting events in the UK, taking place in the Yorkshire Dales in Yorkshire.
Lily James says she was "slightly cynical" about the idea of putting zombies into Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice and Zombies - but now she wants to be an action hero "forever more".
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for next month's European Team Championships in Finland as she has already committed to running an 800m in Sligo next week.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his side's second-half defending after they were held to a goalless draw by Dundee at Tannadice.
A fire on the set of EastEnders has not affected the 30th anniversary episode of the soap opera, the BBC has said, despite the show being broadcast live for the first time this week.
In the wake of India's Paralympic silver medal at the London Games, the world's media has been congratulating the country for its achievements and calling for an "over-all attitude shift" towards disabled people in the country.
A social worker who viewed pornography while working for Essex County Council has been struck off for gross misconduct.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager for the second time after just one season in charge of the Premier League club, with the Portuguese having previously been sacked by Manchester United, Liverpool and Manchester City.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick, in the Republic of Ireland.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a child in March 2015.
A man from North Lanarkshire has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of defrauding the taxman out of more than £500,000.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters were turned away from polling stations on election day because their names were not on the electoral register.
A woman from West Midlands has become the first person in the world to bake a giant Land Rover cake for a Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) event at the firm's factory.
The Liberal Democrats have changed the name of their general election campaign website after it was mistaken for an estate agency run by the Conservative candidate Theresa May.
Barcelona has agreed to pay a €5.5m (£4.8m; $6.4m) fine over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013, the Spanish club has said.
Two US senators with long-standing pro-gun views have called for a ban on assault weapons after the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, which left 20 people dead.
Shale gas extraction can be safely done in the UK, according to a report by leading scientists, but regulators should be strengthened to ensure the technology is not abused, they say.
The Statue of Liberty in New York City has been evacuated after reports of a "suspicious package" near the statue's base, officials say.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for the " hoarseness" of his voice in a television interview on Monday.
Dundee United have signed striker Frank Nouble and defender Chris Herd on one-year deals, with the option of a further 12 months, after agreeing a deal with former Australia Under-20 international Chris Nouble on a two-and-a-half-year contract.
Tottenham Hotspur and the Football Association are "a long way" from agreeing a deal to play home games at Wembley next season, according to the club's chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are one of the world's most recognisable symbols, a symbol of tropical beauty that can be seen from space, on the beaches of the Caribbean, in the mountains of the Dominican Republic, and even on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean.
UK industrial production fell into recession in the first quarter of the year, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said, with manufacturing and construction output falling by 0.4% compared with the same period last year.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for an investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre after they came under fire from security forces.
It's that time of year when many of us start thinking about how we're going to spend our Christmas money, but what are some of the best ways to make the most of the money you have left?
Families of the Birmingham Six who were killed on Bloody Sunday will not be able to claim legal aid for the inquests into their deaths because their lawyers are based in Northern Ireland, the government has said.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has turned down the offer of a state funeral for legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud, who died on Thursday, after his widow rejected the offer, PM Abbott says.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq to help in the fight against Islamist militants, the White House has said in a statement, as fighting continues in the north of the country.
The body of a man has been found off the coast of St Fergus in the Moray Firth in the search for missing Inverness teenager James Mitchell.
Growth in UK house prices picked up in the three months to the end of December, according to the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Nationwide, which said the average price of a property rose by 0.8% compared with the same period a year ago.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Australia's Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi-finals for the second year in a row and end the home favourite's hopes of a first Grand Slam semi-final.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a new rule to be introduced in Scottish football to give more young players a chance in the first team.
A man has been found dead after a fire broke out at a house in south-east London in the early hours of the morning.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody in the southern Indian city of Bangalore after being charged with the murder of a student and the attempted murder of another in a shooting at a school campus.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a mass bandstand marathon to mark the 10th anniversary of the Olympic Games.
I have been out and about, travelling, and watching other travellers recently, and I have been thinking about the history of comforters, and how they have changed over the centuries.
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said, as he welcomed a deal with six world powers on Iran's nuclear programme.
MSPs have accused a health board of having a "culture of complacency" about its finances and of failing to properly manage its finances.
A woman has died after the car she was travelling in was hit by a train in north-eastern France, officials say.
A Nigerian woman who was one of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped more than two years ago has been reunited with her family after being rescued in the north-east of the country, the military has said.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has confirmed that 900 Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for the Euro 2016 qualifiers will have access to a new online ticket portal from Uefa.
Scotland will have 50 athletes at this summer's Olympic Games in Rio, the highest number since London 2012, when 53 Scots took part in the London Games.
BBC Persian staff in Iran have been subjected to "increased levels of intimidation and harassment" from the Iranian authorities, the BBC's director in the country has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called on the UK government to take "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the Calais camp, saying they are "deeply traumatised" and "at considerable risk".
Mali's government has asked MPs to provide military support to protect an endangered species of elephant from poachers in the north of the country, amid fears that the animals are being killed for their tusks.
Welsh Prime Minister Carwyn Jones is to become the first female commanding officer of The Royal Welsh to attend a parade at Cardiff Arms Park.
Anastasia Deyeva has become the latest young woman to find herself in the spotlight in Ukraine's new government, but not everyone is happy about it.
Prisoners with mental health problems were put on a waiting list because there was "no service" to meet their needs, a former mental health nurse has claimed.
Niall McGinn says Hibernian are determined to "work as hard as they can" to get back to winning ways as they look to end a poor run of form in the Scottish Championship.
More and more allegations have emerged over the past few years about undercover police officers who infiltrated protest groups and gathered information on MPs, trade union activists and even the families of children who had died in police custody.
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa have said they will take legal action against Ofcom over the regulator's decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win a third term in office in Sunday's general election, electoral officials say, despite a wave of violence in the run-up to the vote.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could be Manchester United's "holy grail" signing if he joins the club from Paris St-Germain, according to one of the world's leading football finance experts.
The first Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) hybrid ferry to be built at the Ferguson Marine shipyard in Inverness has been launched.
A-level results day can be a stressful time for many students, as they wait to find out if they have got the grades they need to secure a place at a university.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices ended the year with a loss of more than 30% and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq both closing below 2,000 for the first time in a year.
Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said David Cameron is "right" to say there is a limit to the amount of time a prime minister should serve before they "get stale".
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Komla Dumor looks back at the year 2013, which saw the death of Nelson Mandela and the return of US President Barack Obama to the continent.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Obeikan, has been sacked, Saudi officials say, in the latest high-profile fall from grace for a conservative figure in the country.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to the Yucaipa Group for an undisclosed sum in a deal that will see the company's US stores transferred to the private equity firm.
An Australian health official has been appointed as the new chief executive of one of Wales' largest health boards, which serves more than 20,000 patients in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan.
Former Rangers and Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has joined Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Kanye West and Sir Paul McCartney for a new song called Four Five Seconds.
The top police officer in the US city of Baltimore has been removed from his post amid criticism of the force's handling of the recent rioting.
The number of prescriptions for Roaccutane, a drug used to treat acne, has more than trebled in the past three years, NHS figures show.
The Peruvian army has arrested two suspected members of the left-wing Shining Path rebel group and freed more than 30 people who had been held as slaves by the group.
Organisers of the CarFest festival have said the event will go ahead despite the death of a pilot who was killed when his Folland Gnat aircraft crashed into a crowd of 10,000 people during a display.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan, Afghan officials say, in what would be a major blow to the movement's leadership.
US President Donald Trump is expected to announce plans to pull out all 8,400 US troops from the war in Afghanistan on Tuesday, in his first major national security speech since taking office.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, with Ryanair and Barratt Developments leading the way after the airline reported better-than-expected profits.
Ricky Burns' victory over Michele Di Rocco on Saturday night was the culmination of a remarkable turnaround in form and a career-defining moment for the 25-year-old.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence to back up a United Nations report that accused it of committing crimes against humanity against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Victims' rights are being ignored in the criminal justice system, the victims' commissioner for England and Wales has said, in the first report of its kind.
An Australian author has said she was taken by surprise when she received an email telling her she had won a prestigious US literary award.
A 102-year-old German doctor has won back the doctorate she was denied by the Nazis in 1938 because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee, reported to be in the region of £4m.
A 25-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash in Fife.
The number of homes repossessed by lenders in England and Wales fell by 5% in the second quarter of the year compared with the same period last year, according to new figures.
The Labour Party has held the Bridgend and Gwynedd West seat in the 2016 general election with a majority of more than 10,000.
Byron Rhodes is taking me around the modern council headquarters in Melton Mowbray, a town in the East Midlands which, four years ago, was in the midst of a financial crisis.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA) on a four-year contract.
One of the UK's largest tour operators has said it will no longer offer trips to traditional zoos, saying they are "no longer relevant" and are " relics of the past".
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of shows in Las Vegas next year as part of the 50th anniversary celebrations of the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.
A wildlife charity has called for anglers to be banned from fishing at a country park in East Sussex after a rise in the number of injured birds at the site.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand will go down in history as one of the greatest tours in the history of the game, and the way they fought back from nine points down at half-time to draw the final Test against the All Blacks will be remembered for a long time.
Vigilante groups that target paedophiles online should be banned by Kent Police, the force has said.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says his side must "respond quickly" to their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth as they look to climb out of the Premier League's bottom three.
Firefighters are continuing to tackle a blaze at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county, which has affected more than 2,000 tonnes of recycled wood chip.
Highland Council has said it is seeking quotes for the repair of public toilets in Uig and Skye after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae dyn wedi dweud ei bod o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind yn Aberystwyth, yn ôl crwner Ceredigion.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a one-year contract extension with the Elite League champions, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten half-century to help his side take control of the fourth Test against West Indies on day four at Headingley.
Rupert Murdoch has been branded "not fit" to run a media company by MPs after an inquiry into phone hacking at the News of the World found he had "no inkling" that wrongdoing was widespread.
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of the "horrifying" way their deaths were recorded on social media.
A fresh strike by Southern rail workers has begun for a third time in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, with hundreds of thousands of passengers facing further disruption.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld yn debyg bod y ddau yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara aur, gyda'r rhif VRN.
A jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a Glasgow church has been dismissed and the case adjourned until tomorrow.
Sweden has become the latest country to experiment with the shortening of the work day, with a series of local and national trials targeting employees with high levels of stress and burnout, including nurses at nursing homes and cleaners at hospitals.
Petrochemical giant Ineos has said it is "one step closer" to restarting the KG ethylene cracker at its Grangemouth plant, which was forced to close in 2008 due to a lack of gas.
League One strugglers Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby girl from Bristol who has a rare form of meningitis have asked people to help raise money for her treatment.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a two-year deal after his contract with Horsens was cancelled by mutual consent.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has said it will need up to nine months to bring the plant to ''cold shutdown''.
Liberty House, the owner of the UK scrap metal business, is set to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's UK operations, including the Port Talbot plant, on Tuesday, the BBC has learned.
The Vatican has not responded to the French government's nomination of a gay man as its new ambassador to the Vatican, in a move seen as a test of Pope Francis' stance on same-sex marriage.
Rangers beat Celtic 3-2 on penalties to set up a Scottish Cup final against the Scottish champions after a 2-2 draw in extra time and a 3-3 draw in the shootout.
A man and woman have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler who was found with more than 100 injuries, including a bite to the chest.
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year, is suing Porsche, claiming the carmaker took safety shortcuts that could have prevented his death.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help artisans whose stalls were destroyed by explosions at a fireworks market in north-eastern Mexico on Tuesday.
Scientists say they have made a significant leap forward in the search for a universal flu vaccine that could protect against all types of the virus.
The state of readiness of inquests into some of Northern Ireland's most controversial killings has been assessed as part of a review into the handling of legacy inquests in the Troubles.
More than 3,000 people were killed and thousands more were injured when a tsunami hit the Indian Ocean off the coast of Sri Lanka, killing more than 1,300 people and injuring more than 2,000 more.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has said the prime minister remains "resolved" on his plan to ban EU migrants from claiming benefits for four years, despite reports that there is no consensus among other EU countries over the issue.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has received rave reviews from fans and critics at its world premiere, with one fan describing it as "amazing" and another saying it was " Goosebumps-worthy".
The "inhumane" conditions at a prison where two inmates escaped through a cell window are putting the safety of staff and prisoners at risk, a watchdog has said.
US President Donald Trump has appointed his daughter Ivanka Trump to a White House position, the first adult child of a sitting US president to work in the White House.
A pub in a Derbyshire village has been bought by a group of villagers who raised more than £300,000 to turn it into a free house after it was put up for sale.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to improve the way it deals with reports of racism on the site.
The M4 Black Route has been the subject of much debate in the last few weeks, but how much of that debate has been about what Wales will get out of it and how much it will cost, and how it will affect the economy.
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain team for this summer's UEC European Road Championships in Denmark.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill said he was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin on Saturday after their 1-1 draw in the second of their two Euro 2016 warm-up games in Dublin.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City as they thrashed Liverpool Ladies 6-3 at Anfield to move up to second in the table.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve new powers for the police and gendarmes, which critics say could be used to crack down on dissent and destabilise the country's fragile peace process.
A campaign has been launched to save the apartment where Dylan Thomas was staying when he died in the Hotel Chelsea in London more than 60 years ago.
In the shadow of New York's federal courthouse, on a hill overlooking the Hudson River, a group of young men and women dressed in bright orange and white joggers and women in shorts and T-shirts wait for the bus to take them to court.
Lego has come under fire for its stance on Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who has made a number of works using the company's bricks.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 50 people in an investigation into suspected match-fixing in the country's lower divisions of football, local media report.
Dementia patients in care homes in Wales are being "chemically coshed" with the inappropriate use of antipsychotic drugs, the health commissioner for Wales has said.
The year 2013 was a year of intense political activity in Northern Ireland, with a number of high-profile events, including the first G8 summit in Belfast, the G8 conference in Londonderry, and a new unionist party formed by two former unionist MPs.
Swindon Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jake Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said school technology should not be used as an "excuse" not to use technology in schools.
Police searching for a Denbighshire woman who has been missing for more than a week have carried out house-to-house inquiries.
A "fundamental failing" at a prison has been described as "fundamentally failing" by the chief inspector of prisons after a report found an increase in violence and prisoner well-being.
Russia has said its forces in Syria have retaken key areas around the ancient city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS) in the past week, but US officials say it has not carried out air strikes in the area.
A man accused of killing eight people in the US city of Phoenix, Arizona, over a two-year period has been charged with 26 additional felonies, police say.
Iran's Foreign Minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, has defended his country's participation in talks in Vienna on Syria, saying it is not trying to "sell out" the country's interests in the Middle East, but that it is trying to find a political solution to the conflict in Syria.
Peanut allergy could be treated with a simple diet of peanut protein, according to the first large-scale clinical trial of its kind in the world.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have clashed in the Commons over the government's efforts to tackle extremism, amid a row over a leaked letter from the home secretary to the education secretary.
The mead of the past was often sweet, and didn't appeal to many drinkers who were just looking for something good to pair with food, but the popularity of mead in the US has led to a resurgence in interest in the alcoholic beverage.
The Winchburgh railway tunnel is to be closed for six weeks as part of a major upgrade of the line between Edinburgh and Glasgow, Network Rail has said.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring about "peace" and "better understanding" in the wake of his death.
The body of a man has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
Labour and the Conservatives will "stagger through" the general election with a "messy and unstable minority government" and risk a second election before Christmas, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned.
A nature reserve in Cambridgeshire which is home to the UK's largest seabird colony has reopened to the public after a £1.5m revamp.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games after being found guilty of elbowing Harry Arter in the face during the Premier League game at Southampton.
Northern Ireland's parliamentary system has been the subject of much criticism over the past few years, with calls for a formal opposition to be formed in the assembly and for the creation of a new system of government and opposition.
A World War One museum in Dorset has been awarded £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help it celebrate the centenary of the end of the conflict.
Celtic's Moussa Dembele says he is happy to remain at the club despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" comeback to beat Rangers in the Ibrox "cauldron" and maintain their 100% start to the Premiership season.
A police investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin, who is serving three life sentences for three murders, is to be scaled back after more than 10 years.
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 to help his side beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge for the second time this season.
A teacher from Neath Port Talbot has been barred from boarding a US flight with a group of pupils on a school trip, the Muslim Council of Wales has said.
Two brothers have appeared in court accused of funding their brother's fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria by selling valuables and taking out loans to help raise money for him, the Old Bailey has heard.
Plans to provide a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a new report has concluded.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim and go second in the Bundesliga for the first time this season.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a mountain in Snowdonia and needing to be rescued by an RAF helicopter.
Matt Halkett's last-gasp header gave Livingston victory over Scottish Premiership leaders Rangers at Ibrox to end a run of three games without a win.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan are among the football stars who have donated signed shirts to a Cambridge United football club in memory of a player who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after he was attacked and robbed at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire, police have said.
Josh Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham Town and move level on points with National League leaders Tranmere Rovers at the top of the table.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for the summer tour of Italy after recovering from a hamstring injury and will be available for Saturday's Six Nations opener against Italy at Twickenham.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Flooding has hit parts of Southend after heavy rain caused the roof of a restaurant to collapse and a seafront amusement arcade to be overcome by water.
Sian Elizabeth Maynard Seifert, now 26, says she has always wanted to compete in a beauty pageant, but never thought she would get the chance.
Ebbsfleet fought back from 2-0 down at half-time to claim a dramatic 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said the US could provide the Philippines with an " umbrella" for its defence if it needs it, in a speech in the capital, Manila.
There is "every likelihood" there will be a vote in the assembly on the triggering of Article 50, Wales' top law officer has told AMs.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice in two second-half minutes as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of seven straight Premier League defeats for the first time this season.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the name of the UK's new polar research ship, which is due to be built in 2019, in a "silly" online poll.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m, after he turned down a new contract with the Premier League club.
A strategic review of the security arrangements in London is to be carried out by the Mayor of London's security adviser, it has been announced.
A hand-written note signed by a British general ordering the end of World War Two has been put up for sale at auction for £1.5m.
Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been appointed as the UK's new culture secretary, a post he has described as "the most important job in the world of media and arts".
A County Antrim man has gone missing after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of Bulgaria, his family has said.
Actress Jane Fonda has been honoured by the American Film Institute (AFI) with its lifetime achievement award, becoming the first woman to receive the honour for the second time.
The NSPCC has said there is a "significant gap" between the number of people who need help and therapy as a result of child sexual abuse and the availability of services, as a rise in reports of abuse in the South West.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked by the League One club following an investigation into allegations of match-fixing.
A team of scientists at the University of Nottingham has carried out the first study of a cloned sheep to examine the health of animals that have been cloned from the same ewe that gave birth to the world's first cloned mammal, Dolly the sheep.
Nigel Farage has said the momentum is "on our side" for the UK to leave the European Union and that a referendum on the UK's EU membership could be held in 2016, ahead of a meeting of EU leaders in Strasbourg on Thursday.
The United States used to be the world's most powerful nation.
Parma, one of Italy's most successful football clubs in the 1990s, have been put up for sale for the second time in less than a week.
Three cabinet ministers in Haiti have resigned after President Michel Martelly was criticised for telling a woman to "go get a man and go into the bushes" at a campaign rally earlier this month.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to co-host The X Factor with Simon Cowell when the show returns to ITV in the autumn, it has been announced.
The mother of a man who died after being hit by a car that crashed through a central reservation on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for improvements to the road where he was killed.
Part of the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster has reopened after being closed following a fire at a factory in the city centre.
A 24-year-old British backpacker has been found dead after falling from a moving train in Thailand, police in the country have said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side's recent late goalscoring problems are a "concern" as they bid to avoid relegation from the Championship.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri will miss the first two weeks of the season because he is "a little bit overweight" but hopes he will be fit in time for the start of the new campaign.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has been re-elected Ghana's president, winning the election for the third time in four years.
Zimbabwean security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the capital, Harare, after hundreds of people were injured in clashes between protesters and police.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the fourth time in a row, and they have done it by winning the title by a record-equalling margin of 10 points.
At least six people have been killed and more than 20 injured in an explosion in southern Spain, including a celebrity chef, after a suspected gas leak, local media report.
A man has gone on trial at the Old Bailey accused of being part of a plot to pass horsemeat off as beef in processed beef products.
For the first time in the world, the Indian government is building a biometric database of more than 12 billion people, one of the world's largest, and the first of its kind, that will be able to verify the identity of every Indian.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches on Google can be swept up by the UK's spy agency GCHQ, the Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism has said.
Welshman Elfyn Evans narrowly missed out on victory in the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden, finishing second behind team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
Rebel forces in Syria have rejected a Russian plan to set up safe zones in rebel-held areas in a bid to end the country's six-year conflict, as the UN called for the agreement to be signed by the end of the week.
A bubble tea chain at the centre of a row over its refusal to pay staff for free training has said it will now pay them at least the minimum wage.
Exeter Chiefs returned to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Wasps, who lost their unbeaten start to the season to Saracens.
A jury in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the trial of a man who was shot and killed in court on Monday after he tried to grab a witness' pen while he was giving evidence.
Three Welsh Labour ministers have said they will vote for Yvette Cooper to be the party's next leader, as the contest for the leadership enters its final week.
The "polarisation" of the Brexit debate has polarised many parts of the country and is exacerbating tensions in society, a leading human rights body has warned.
Mudlarking is a form of treasure-hunting that dates back to the 16th Century, but is now being taken up by a new generation of treasure hunters.
The number of young people in England with mental health problems going to accident and emergency units has more than doubled in the past five years, according to new figures.
Liverpool City Council has voted to call on all newsagents and vendors in the city to stop selling The Sun.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a three-year old girl who was hit by his car.
Restrictions on bus services run by First Bristol are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog to see if they should be removed or changed.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels bombings and other recent terror attacks have made it "difficult to see hope in the midst of the darkness", but that "on Easter Day hope decisively overcame fear".
The US military says it has intercepted two missiles fired from Yemen at a US warship in international waters off the coast of Yemen, which it believes were fired from Houthi-controlled territory.
The government's plans to change the way disabled people get benefits have been set out in law for the first time, the Department for Work and Pensions has said.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking for new players to strengthen his squad despite having strengthened his back-line and front-line in the January transfer window.
Mark Molesley scored a late winner as League Two Aldershot came from behind to beat League Two Portsmouth in their FA Cup third-round replay and reach the fourth round for the first time in their history.
An album containing the signatures of RAF airmen who took part in the World War Two Dambusters raid on the Möhne Dam in Germany has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The head of the Welsh Government's bovine tuberculosis (TB) eradication programme has said it has been a "huge challenge" to tackle the disease in Wales.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World, the Metropolitan Police have said.
The Church in Wales has accused Cyngor Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising the partnership" over plans to build a new community school campus in the Vale of Glamorgan.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algerian side Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup for the second time in three years.
A rights group has accused Malian soldiers of summary executions of ethnic Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs in the central town of Sevare and other towns in the west of the country, as French-backed forces fight Islamist militants.
Women's Super League One side Liverpool Ladies have signed England Under-21 midfielder Bethany Greenwood from Notts County Ladies for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match of the Champions Trophy in London on Friday.
Cardiff Blues survived a second-half fightback from Newport Gwent Dragons to reach the semi-finals of the Pro12 with a hard-fought win at the Principality Stadium.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to continue the country's reform process, pledging to end decades of military rule in a speech at the United Nations in 2012.
Jewellery worth more than £50,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who falsified clinical trials has been struck off the medical register after he failed to appeal against a decision to remove his name from the register.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second one-day international to set up a decider in the series decider.
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working condition as part of a £100,000 project to restore the building to its former glory.
Tata Steel is to mothball parts of its Llanwern plant in Newport with the loss of hundreds of jobs, the company has confirmed.
Britain's Sarah Cave has won the Ironman World Championship for the second time in three years with victory in the triathlon event in Hawaii.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has spoken for the first time about his involvement in World War Two, and the role he played in the build-up to the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie following their promotion to the Premier League last season.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world and would be an "unbelievable" achievement for British boxing.
Mercedes set the pace in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as McLaren's Stoffel Vandoorne made his debut in Formula 1 on Friday.
Michael Evans has set the fastest time of the week in the first practice session at the Manx Grand Prix on the Isle of Man as he continues his preparations for this weekend's event on the island.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked by MPs to explain why plans to shore up the BHS pension scheme were not given the go-ahead by the regulator, BBC Newsnight has learned.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was killed by paratroopers during the Troubles in 1971 has been exhumed and will not be reburied until the end of the year, it has been confirmed.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with a 1-1 draw at Arsenal, while Arsenal dropped out of the top four after losing 2-0 at home to Manchester City.
Richard Hammond says he will be "back in action soon" after having surgery on his knee following a crash while filming for The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union (EU) by a narrow margin of 48.1% to 45.9% - a result that has shocked many people in Europe and has been described as "terrible news" for the UK and "a wake-up call for the rest
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning amid a row over the running of common grazings on the Western Isles.
A man has been jailed for six years for the manslaughter of a worker who died after falling from the roof of a warehouse while repairing it.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has said he did not realise he had Alzheimer's disease until he was told he was no longer able to drive after being diagnosed with the condition.
As many as 100,000 relatives of parents who give up work to care for their children could get an extra £4,600 over 20 years if they take advantage of a scheme to help them get a state pension, a pensions expert has said.
Work has started on a multi-million pound marine park on the Dorset coast, which will include an artificial surf reef and a new multi-sports arena.
Airlines in Nigeria are set to stop flying to the country for the second time this year because of a shortage of foreign currency.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakian striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee from Legia Warsaw for a fee believed to be in the region of £10m.
A new law banning the display of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops and restaurants in Wales has come into force.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis has named Burnley boss Sean Dyche as his Premier League manager of the season, saying he has done "fantastic" work at Turf Moor.
North Korea has test-fired an intermediate-range ballistic missile (ICBM) with a range of about 10,000km (6,000 miles), the US military says, the second such test in less than a month.
Scotland captain Chris Martin believes Saturday's Euro 2016 warm-up match against France in Metz will be a "step-up" in intensity and tempo for his side.
A judge in Australia has ruled that a US anti-abortion activist, Troy Newman, should not have been allowed to enter the country without a visa, reports say.
Jon Stewart, the host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show, has died at the age of 61 after a long battle with cancer, his publicist has confirmed.
David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Denbighshire County Council after winning a by-election for the role.
Lancashire wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Star Wars composer John Williams is to be honoured with a special concert at the BBC Proms in Hull as part of this year's programme, which will include a tribute to the composer's score for the latest Star Wars film, The Force Awakens.
The SNP has won 56 out of Scotland's 59 council seats in last week's local elections with a share of the first preference vote of 32.3%, according to official results.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul must do "everything they can" to ensure civilians are not killed as they try to retake the western part of the city, the UN says.
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could hit parts of north and mid Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Flexible rubber skins that can detect pressure have been developed by scientists in the US, and could be used to make robots and artificial limbs.
Scottish Borders Council has announced plans to carry out a review of its school estate in a bid to save up to £50m over the next five years.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Ayr United to move to within a point of Scottish League One leaders Celtic.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car while walking his daughter on a country road.
Paul St Aubyn's satirical satire of the Booker Prize has won this year's £10,000 P.G. Wodehouse Prize for Fiction, the UK's top literary prize.
The BBC will show live TV coverage of England's opening match of the Women's Rugby World Cup at Twickenham on Saturday, 15 November against New Zealand.
Californians saved more water in July than they did in the same period last year, despite the worst drought in the state's history, according to official figures.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park for the second time in less than a year has been moved to a new home after being rescued by rangers for the third time in six months.
Officials in the US state of Florida have removed a mosque from serving as a polling station for next month's elections after complaints from residents who said they did not want to vote in a mosque.
Universities across the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute over pay, unions have said.
China has arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the recent stock market slump and the deadly Tianjin explosions, state news agency Xinhua says, in the latest crackdown on rumours.
The world's oceans are on the verge of becoming more acidic than at any time in the geological record, according to a new report by leading scientists.
Nick Cave's son fell to his death from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD with a friend, an inquest has heard.
The possibility of the UK voting to leave the European Union could have "consequences for economic and financial conditions in global financial markets", the head of the US central bank has said.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France with victory in a time trial on stage 13, which took place in the wake of the Nice attack.
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard there was a "major discrepancy" in the accounts given by two doctors of a bus driver who fainted while he was at the wheel of the vehicle.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of having "no relation with democracy" and compared it to the Nazi party, in a row that has strained relations between the two countries.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Fife is one of eight players to be released by Edinburgh, who have also announced the departure of seven players, including lock Matt Toolis.
At least 30 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say, as fighting continues between Houthi rebels and a Saudi-led coalition.
The Diamond League has signed a new five-year deal with the BBC which will see it broadcast live coverage of all Diamond League meetings from 2017 to 2020.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's new parliament, the president has said, adding that the number of female MPs is the highest in the country's history.
An 11-year-old American boy has become the youngest winner of the Scripps National Spelling Bee, one of the world's most prestigious spelling competitions.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
The number of teachers who have been subjected to "vile" online abuse from pupils in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, a teachers' union has said.
A 10-year-old Canadian boy has been praised for saving the lives of his mother and her daughter after they were caught up in a house fire while they were asleep in their pyjamas.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in the running to become the new Swindon Town manager, BBC Scotland has learned.
Racing driver David Carswell has died after his motorbike crashed during practice at the Andreas Grand Prix in Derbyshire.
Russia has "categorically denied" allegations that it was involved in hacking during the US presidential election campaign, a Kremlin spokesman has said.
American Apparel's former chief executive Dov Charney "repeatedly engaged in conduct that violated the company's sexual harassment and anti-discrimination policy", the firm's board of directors has said in court papers.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who was killed in Paris while taking part in a sport known as parkour, which involves running on rooftops.
At least 11 people have been killed and more than 1,000 injured in an earthquake in China's Gansu province, state media report, as tremors were felt across the country.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with victory at Burton Albion, who missed out on a top-two finish for the first time this season.
A rising proportion of homeless people in Scotland are coming from the private rented sector, according to a new report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn over a possible world title shot, reports BBC Radio Ulster.
The Dutch city of Amsterdam is set to become the first in the world to adopt an innovative way of tackling alcohol-related violence by working with the police and the health service.
It's been a long time coming, but artificial intelligence (AI) - or machine learning, as it's more commonly known - is finally starting to take off.
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club, keeping him at Carrow Road until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Germany's Thomas Jung became the first rider to win a Grand Slam of eventing at Badminton with victory on La Biosthetique in the eventing eventing Grand Slam.
As the island of Taiwan marks the one-year anniversary of the start of a pro-independence movement, the BBC's John Sudworth in Taipei questions whether the island is on the verge of becoming an independent state, or is it still part of China?
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration in support of the family of a man who died after being stopped by officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency, and scientists are working on a new vaccine to protect against the virus, which could be available to pregnant women by the end of this year.
David Cameron has announced plans for a global crackdown on corruption at a summit of world leaders in London later this week, which he says will "push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda where it belongs".
St Johnstone eased to victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle at McDiarmid Park to end a run of three straight Premiership defeats.
The number of new mothers in England who breastfeed their babies has risen by more than 20% in the past 20 years, according to new figures.
The BBC's adaptation of War and Peace has beaten ITV's Endeavour and Channel 4's Deutschland 83 in the ratings for its first episode, which was watched by an average of 6.3 million viewers.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia will not hamper the team's chances of qualifying for the finals, says captain Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand for more than a month after her partner died on a hike has said she spent the first night with his body before finding shelter in a hut.
The disputed territory of Western Sahara is a vast, sparsely-populated strip of land on the west coast of Africa that lies between Morocco and Algeria and between Algeria and Algeria.
Northern Ireland's Liam Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the men's flyweight boxing at the Olympic Games after a second-round win in Rio on Thursday.
A three-year-old boy has died after becoming trapped between a revolving floor and a wall in a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta, police say.
Italy's prime minister has urged the European Union to do more to help deal with the migrant crisis, after three northern regions said they would not take in any more migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Evgeny Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two, saying his remarks were misinterpreted.
Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Charb, who was killed in the Paris attacks last year, has written a book defending the satirical magazine's editorial stance on Islam, in which he criticises critics of the paper's stance on the Prophet Muhammad.
The Environment Agency has carried out its biggest ever flood training exercise in the Calderdale area in a bid to prepare for the area's worst flooding in a decade.
A huge piece of concrete has been lifted into place on a new bridge in Hong Kong, in China.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a free school in Bradford.
Photographs of some of the UK's most famous council tower blocks are to be digitised as part of a project to document the country's post-war Modernist housing heritage.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Doherty has opened her eyes and spoken for the first time since being seriously injured in Thailand last month, her family have said.
The UK's Brexit secretary has told BBC Scotland it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" for Scotland as part of any deal to leave the EU.
Computer security experts say Wikileaks has released "significant" information about the CIA's hacking tools in a move that could lead to the discovery of previously discovered malware, according to security experts.
A collection of rare pages from the Koran, thought to be more than 1,000 years old, are to go on display at Leeds City Museum.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Cheltenham Town at Mansfield in League Two as they drew 1-1 at the Proact Stadium.
Britain's Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open, a week after losing to the Spaniard in the quarter-finals at the Monte Carlo Masters.
An Isle of Lewis councillor has called for "serious consideration" to be given to the use of local facilities and engineering expertise to repair the grounded drilling rig, the Deepwater Horizon.
Craig Gordon insists his confidence has not been dented despite being dropped to the bench in Liverpool's dramatic Champions League draw with Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 to move into the National League play-off places.
Rescue teams in Colombia are searching for survivors after a landslide in the western province of Antioquia killed at least 50 people and injured more than 100 others.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Super League club in the summer.
All pictures are copyrighted and the content on this page is subject to copyright.
The final section of the Crossrail high-speed rail line from Liverpool Street to Farringdon has been boring through the first tunnel.
A man has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the so-called Disappeared, during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
Ulster's Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland's Six Nations game against England on Saturday after being named in the 23-man squad for the match at Twickenham.
A British man believed to have been a former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been killed in a bomb attack in Iraq, the Foreign Office has said.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury, but manager Mauricio Pochettino says the defender does not need surgery and will be fit for the start of next season.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said she believes there are "huge opportunities" for Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union, but there are also "huge challenges".
Sports Direct founder Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive of the company, the BBC has learned, in a major shake-up at the troubled sportswear chain.
Las Vegas may be known for its glitz, glamour and glitzy hotels, but it is also home to one of the largest communities of Muslims in the United States, according to a report by the Pew Research Center.
England missed out on a dramatic victory over Pakistan on the final day of the first Test in the United Arab Emirates as the teams were forced to settle for a draw in a thrilling contest in Abu Dhabi.
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they beat Japan to win the men's team table tennis table tennis team event.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to visit Australia and New Zealand in November, Kensington Palace has announced.
More than 200 beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
Veteran US journalist Gwen Ifill, who moderated two vice-presidential debates, has died at the age of 65, PBS has announced.
Chris Riddell is stepping down as the UK's children's laureate after two years in the role, with Malorie Blackman taking over from him.
Former Birmingham City and Hull City boss Steve Bruce is the right man to be Aston Villa's new manager, according to former Blues defender Robbie Savage.
Police will make "significant arrests" in the coming days in connection with recent rioting in Northern Ireland, an assistant chief constable has said, as a police officer who was seriously injured in Monday's violence remains in a critical condition in hospital.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a London Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital after surgery to remove a blood clot from his brain, his wife has said.
National League side Chester have re-signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with a hard-fought win over 10-man Dundee United, who missed the chance to close the gap on leaders Falkirk.
Beauty giant Avon has confirmed that its French subsidiary is going into administration, with the loss of up to 100 jobs and the suspension of all orders.
Formula 1 teams have begun the first day of the first pre-season test of the 2015 season with the unveiling of their new cars in Jerez, Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff, Gwent Police has said.
The ceramic poppies at the centre of the World War One centenary installation, Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red, are to go on display for the first time at two museums.
Sir Jeffery Amherst, the British general who led the British army in pre-independence north America, is one of the world's most famous colonial figures, but his legacy has been tarnished by allegations of genocide in the United States.
Kenya's four-time Boston Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been given a two-year doping ban by Athletics Kenya after failing a drugs test.
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been given the go-ahead by councillors in one of the country's largest councils.
Apple has been ordered to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages by a US judge after it continued to use a university's patent-infringing microchip technology after losing a patent case.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine at the Stade de France in Lyon on Monday night.
Award-winning poet David Harsent has won the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry for his collection of short stories and poems, beating out a shortlist of 10 authors that included Seamus Heaney, John Burnside and Sinead Morrissey.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in London after failing to secure a place in the main draw.
A wine bar has been fined £50,000 after a woman suffered life-changing injuries after drinking a liquid nitrogen-filled shot that caused a cloud of smoke to billow out of her nose and mouth, a court has heard.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the discovery of a woman's body in the Republic of Ireland near Dublin on Saturday.
The care of older people in the Western Isles needs "significant improvement", according to health and social care watchdogs who carried out a joint inspection last year.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer and a knife in what police have described as a "horrendous" attack.
Defending champions Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) in a shock as Congo Brazzaville beat them 1-1 in the second leg of their last-16 tie on Friday to qualify for next year's finals in Kenya.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Ollie Ntcham has the potential to be a "big player" for the club after he made his debut in Saturday's friendly defeat by Lyon.
Public views are being sought on plans for a new bridge over the River Ness on the A90 in the Highlands.
Cern, the Cern particle physics laboratory, has claimed to have discovered the power of The Force, a Star Wars-themed April Fools' joke claimed to be the first of its kind to be made in the real world.
UKIP has a "very good chance" of winning more seats at next year's assembly election, the party's general secretary in Wales has said.
The Polish deli owner, Elena Hrabovenska, is working in her shop in Peterborough when she receives a letter from her husband, who has received hate mail and phone calls about the EU referendum result.
A 51-year-old man from Carmarthenshire has been jailed for more than 30 years for historical child sex abuse.
A 15-year-old girl in Mexico has been invited to a lavish birthday party in a field outside her village after a video of her father inviting people to the event went viral.
An appeal to raise £10,000 for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift at her Dorset home has raised more than £20,000 in less than 24 hours.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve in a bid to boost the number of the animals in the area.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK so long as its wind-down is properly implemented, experts have told a public inquiry into the future of the service.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his alma mater, Temple University in Philadelphia, in the wake of a string of sexual assault allegations against him.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in Gwynedd, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Carbon emissions from human-produced carbon dioxide (CO2) are much lower than previously thought, according to a study of ancient fossils.
A group of young gymnasts are doing cartwheels and somersaults as Gordon Aikman, a man with motor neurone disease, watches from the sidelines.
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and keep alive their hopes of a top-four finish in Super League.
A Denbighshire man whose home was badly damaged when a sea wall collapsed during flooding three years ago has said he feels "safer" living in the area ahead of work to improve flood defences.
BT is to roll out a new broadband service using lower-frequency radio waves that can reach areas of the UK that are difficult to reach using fixed wireless technology.
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax someone has avoided could be imposed on aggressive tax avoiders if Labour wins the general election, the party has said.
Rugby should be banned from schools in England because of the high number of serious injuries suffered by young players, a leading medical expert has said.
Isle of Wight's historic Hurst Castle is to be restored as part of a major project by English Heritage.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has told MSPs an independent expert will examine the independent review of mesh implant surgery.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from nests in a seaside town, prompting a warning to restaurants and pubs to check for licences before buying them, Natural England's chief inspector of birds, David Moreton, has said.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the past five years, a BBC investigation has found, with campaigners calling for a national body to investigate fatal crashes.
A petition calling for an end to China's annual dog meat festival has been handed in to the local government, along with a petition signed by more than 100,000 people.
China's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men's -75kg weightlifting with a record-breaking lift of 303kg in Rio.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for a fee believed to be in the region of £25m, reports BBC Radio 5 live.
As many readers of this blog like to point out, a virtual reality environment will never be a substitute for actually experiencing something.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey retained her bouldering world title with victory in the final event of the 2016-17 season at the World bouldering championships in China.
A man who punched and headbutted worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months.
Four people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a mill in Greater Manchester.
A takeaway delivery driver has been hit with a golf club and robbed by a gang of men who tried to steal his money and food.
Devolution in Wales has not gone "as far as it should" yet and needs to go further and faster, according to the outgoing leader of the Church in Wales.
More than 40,000 acres of commercial forests in Wales need to be re-planted to meet growing demand for timber, according to a trade body.
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in five years, which could be a sign that fish passes at barriers to migration are helping to boost numbers of the critically endangered species, the Environment Agency has said.
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan, who is accused of killing a policeman in a hit-and-run crash in which five people were killed.
In the early hours of New Year's Day in 2007, a man was shot dead in a Londonderry hotel lobby in what police believe was a feud between the Hutch family and the Kinahan gang.
The organisers of the first Robert Millar sportive have set up a cycling event in his name to mark the 30th anniversary of the Scot's record-breaking Tour de France finish.
Wales should be able to set its own immigration rules, MPs have said, in a bid to improve social integration and reduce pressure on public services.
Patent applications for technology that can measure mental states such as mood and control video games have more than doubled in the past five years, according to new research.
A hospital has apologised after a "never event" in which a surgical bung fell out of the back of a patient's head during a routine operation.
Hungary's prime minister has accused EU leaders of "egoism" and "common European sense" after riot police clashed with hundreds of migrants trying to get off a train near the Hungarian capital, Budapest.
Melania Trump's decision not to move into the White House with her 10-year-old son, Barron, has been met with criticism on social media, with many saying it is "appalling" and "disgraceful" that she will not be moving in with him.
A Labour AM has accused his Labour colleague of "smears and personal attacks" after he called for a "forensic investigation" into the Welsh Government's financial mismanagement.
A firefighter who delayed responding to a house fire in which an elderly woman died has been sacked, the fire service has said.
A private school in Hampshire has announced it is to close its doors for the final time after more than 100 years.
Pamela Williams, one of Wales' best-known artists, has unveiled a series of new paintings and drawings in the past year that she says have been inspired by her love of watching people.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, has confirmed that it has been hacked by hackers.
British amateur Andrew Gregory has spent the past four years studying the Augusta National golf course in preparation for this week's Masters.
The death of a 19-year-old French woman who streamed her own suicide on Periscope has sparked a debate about how social media can be used to encourage people to take their own lives, writes the BBC's Paul Adams.
A woman has been jailed for life for the murder of her mother after pleading guilty to her murder following a trial in which she said she was not responsible for her death.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as the dollar rose against the yen and the euro, while shares in Time Warner Cable rose after it agreed to be bought by Charter Communications.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time in more than a year, according to official figures.
Manchester United thrashed 10-man Arsenal to inflict Arsene Wenger's worst defeat as Arsenal manager as the Gunners suffered their heaviest defeat in more than 100 years at Old Trafford.
A BBC team filming on Mount Etna in Italy has escaped injury after a huge explosion caused by a lava flow on the mountain, a BBC reporter has said.
David Cameron needs to produce a White Paper setting out how his plans for more devolution for Scotland would work in practice, a senior Conservative peer has told the BBC.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has the "credentials" to lead the national side into the future, according to chief executive Martyn Brooke.
Benfica won the Portuguese league title for a record third time in a row as they thrashed second-placed Vitória Guimarães in the final at the Estadio da Luz.
Paralympic gold medallist Adam Smith has come a long way from having to learn to walk all over again to become a Paralympic champion.
Down produced a superb display to earn a 1-13 to 0-14 win over Meath at Pairc Esler and boost their Division Two hopes of avoiding relegation from Division Two of the Football League.
Tributes have been paid to a "hugely dedicated" councillor who has died after a long illness.
QPR midfielder Andros Townsend has been banned from football for six months by the Football Association after being found guilty of breaching betting rules on matches.
At Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, in the early hours of the morning, a cacophony of sound is coming from the club's training ground, as the sound system is turned up to 11.
Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to have a steady stream of income from month-to-month, and to be able to cover their monthly bills, according to the Federal Reserve's annual survey.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin, after being asked for the first time whether he believes it was a sin.
Housebuilder Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes across Scotland over the next five years.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they will not agree to the Scottish government's draft budget as it stands unless it includes "substantial changes" to education and mental health spending.
A US man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming while hiking with his sister, officials say.
Pop star Gary Barlow has surprised shoppers in Manchester by turning up at a shopping centre dressed as a magician and singing his own rendition of one of his biggest hits.
Eight people have been injured after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial bill that would have banned abortions in all cases of rape and incest, but the government has sought to reassure women that a total ban on the procedure will not be introduced.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle the Hatton Garden safe deposit box raid in London in January.
Wales bounced back from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Two-time world champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Indoor Athletics Championships with a personal best time of 9.97 seconds in his final race before the Rio Olympics.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at the controversy that has erupted in Ghana over the government's decision to allow two former Guantanamo Bay detainees to live in the country.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea suffered a setback as they lost 1-0 to Ecuador in their final Group F match in Jeonju, South Korea.
A man in his 20s has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been criticised by French ministers for taking up a job with Goldman Sachs in London, just months after leaving the EU.
Former world champion Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last in Formula 1 and he will retire from the sport at the end of the season.
Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in the League One defeat by Peterborough United.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 39,000 in August to 1.65 million, according to official figures, the lowest level since April.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England and Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year, according to official figures.
Nicolas Dauman, the chief executive of Viacom, has been removed from the board of National Amusements, the company run by Sumner Redstone and his daughter Shari, in a dispute over control of the media empire.
The Scottish FA is in talks with Scotland's women's national team players over terms and conditions after they refused to speak to the media in a dispute over a funding package.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso in the waters off the island of Amager, near where a submarine inventor has been arrested on suspicion of killing a Swedish journalist.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat fellow National League strugglers Forest Green 4-3 at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
A woman has been jailed for life for the murder of a mother-of-four who was stabbed to death during an argument over £20,000 in cash.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been accused of trying to meddle in the affairs of African countries in a number of high-profile cases over the past half-century, according to a BBC investigation.
Wales fly-half Sam Davies has replaced Dan Biggar in Ospreys' starting line-up for their European Champions Cup game against Grenoble in France on Saturday.
An independent boarding school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform in response to a rise in the number of young people questioning their gender identity, its head teacher has said.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the opening round of the Australian Open at Phillip Island.
A giant red 'A' sign has been spotted on a roundabout in Berkshire, just days after a similar sign appeared on a bridge in the same area.
Africa's artists - in film, literature and music - have been at the centre of a debate on social media about whether they are free to tell their own stories.
For decades, a small patch of land in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered up by potted plants.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A74(M) near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of flights have been cancelled in and out of the Republic of Ireland due to bad weather conditions in the country.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the Badminton World Tour Finals in London for the first time with victory in the mixed doubles on Saturday.
Castleford Tigers have signed Castleford Tigers half-back Sosaia Feki on a two-year deal following his release by NRL side Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.
Lord West has told a Commons committee that a missile was fired into Wales by mistake in the 1950s, but he did not report it to the prime minister because he was in his constituency at the time.
A British collector of Star Wars memorabilia has doubled the amount of money he's made selling his collection of toys and memorabilia at auction.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says it will be "very difficult to stop Gareth Bale and the rest of the team" when they take on Wales in Saturday's World Cup qualifier in Belgrade.
The US justice department is changing its policy on recording criminal suspect interviews, allowing agents to take audio or video recordings of interviews, according to a memo seen by the BBC.
A former High Court judge has been appointed by the Scottish government to carry out an independent review of hate crime laws in Scotland, in the wake of the row over the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
One of the world's oldest bibles has been saved after a £1.5m fundraising campaign was successful in securing the text of a 7th Century manuscript.
Ukraine's interim government has vowed to step up security in the capital, Kiev, as the country waits to see how Russia will respond to the referendum in Crimea on whether to rejoin Russia.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won an appeal against his disqualification from next month's presidential election, his lawyer has said, after the electoral commission upheld the decision.
Derby County assistant boss Nigel Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the Championship club following the sacking of manager Nigel Pearson.
Scunthorpe United have signed striker Jordan Preston on a two-year contract after he turned down a new deal with National League rivals Leyton Orient.
A man accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend's unborn baby has told a court he was "shocked and surprised" when he found out he was the father and lied to her about the pregnancy.
Tributes have been paid to Graham Taylor, the former Watford, Aston Villa and England manager, who has died after a long battle with cancer, for his "outstanding contribution to the game", as he was affectionately known by many.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and China, which are due to be released later in the week.
Police officers in England and Wales are to be trained in how to deal with cases of "coercive and controlling behaviour" within relationships, under new guidance.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has unveiled the Liberal Democrats' new carer's package in a speech in Cardiff, saying it will "pay back the service that carers give to their loved ones and the community".
Fidel Castro, who has died at the age of 90, is one of the most famous men in the history of the world, a revolutionary leader who has been a symbol of revolution for more than half a century, but who has also been a bitter adversary of the United States.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as promotion-chasing Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
It's not every day you get a call from a friend and ask them why they smell so good, only for them to tell you it's because they're wearing a fragrance by one of your favourite pop stars.
Three youths aged 16, 17 and 18 have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in west Belfast on Saturday night.
The UK and France are holding talks in Calais to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the migrant crisis in the French port city.
Welsh boxer Katie Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday when she fights for the first time in her home city of Glasgow.
A collection of Dylan Thomas's handwritten manuscripts has been bought by a university in Swansea after being bought by the poet's granddaughter for £10,000.
A musical version of the children's book Adrian Mole, written by Sue Townsend, has opened to a sold-out audience for the first time since the author's death last year.
A woman has been taken to hospital following a crash involving a car and a lorry in a Cardiff tunnel.
Stranraer have parted company with manager Brian Reid by mutual consent after less than two years in charge of the Scottish Championship club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party for making anti-Semitic comments on Twitter, the BBC has learned.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has been given more time to prepare for high-level talks with European Union (EU) creditors on a new €86bn (Â£60bn; $100bn) bailout deal, officials say.
Ten men have been arrested in Chad in connection with the rape of an 18-year-old woman in the capital, Chad, in February, police say.
Plans have been submitted for a new social housing development on the site of a derelict bus station where a senior council officer was involved in a housing scandal.
Members of the National Association of Teachers and Lecturers (NASUWT) in Northern Ireland are to stage a second one-day strike next week in a dispute over pay.
Netflix has cancelled plans to show a special celebrating the life of US comedian Bill Cosby after he was accused of sexual assault for the second time in less than a week.
Jeremy Fernandez has come a long way since he first set foot on a bus in Australia's capital, Sydney, in the early 1990s, and he has made a name for himself in the media since then.
A couple who had a cycling medal and jewellery stolen from their home 10 years ago have been reunited with the items after they were found by a Met Police dive team in Slade Ponds in south-east London.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England and England forward Raheem Sterling, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The Scottish government has set out its plans for a shake-up of land ownership in a bid to reduce the number of private landowners in Scotland by more than a million acres.
Nour, a 15-year-old girl, was caught up in the fighting between so-called Islamic State (IS) militants and government forces in the Syrian city of Raqqa in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League South side Whitehawk.
Hamburg has become the first German city to pass a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to hand over their properties to the city's authorities if they fail to provide housing for asylum seekers.
Warwickshire all-rounder Josh Poysden and pace bowler Alex Mellor have both signed new contracts with the Bears.
A chatbot designed to help people fight off parking tickets has become one of the most popular services on the internet.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 83, the Conservative Party has announced.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at one of Wales' busiest hospitals in a bid to free up car parking and reduce traffic gridlock.
The BBC has "strongly refutes" claims that a Bafta-winning scene of a hatchling iguana being chased by snakes on Planet Earth II was "faked", saying it was a "true representation of animal behaviour".
A path in Cumbria's Far Eastern Fells is to be repaired to mark the 60th anniversary of one of the most famous fells in the Lake District, according to the group that promotes the work of landscape artist John Wainwright.
Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by promotion-chasing Millwall, who moved to within a point of the play-offs with a 2-1 win at Highbury.
GoPro, the maker of action cameras, has said it will cut up to 1,000 jobs after announcing plans to close its drone business and close its entertainment division.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady should not be transferred to a Scottish prison, a mental health tribunal has ruled, despite his request to be allowed to leave Ashworth Hospital.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to the death of a 72-year-old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Scientists at the University of Reading say the current Arctic sea-ice extent is likely to be too low to be a record-breaking year, and are calling for better forecasts of the coming summer melt season.
Liberia thrashed Algerian champions JS Kabylie 5-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Monrovia on Saturday to set up a second leg tie against the Desert Foxes in the second leg on Sunday.
The Norbrook Group, the County Down-based engineering and construction firm, has announced the appointment of John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced one of the best performances of the season to thrash Premier League leaders Chelsea at Emirates Stadium and end the Blues' 100% start to the season.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa - and they're already getting used to life in the wild.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of Jack Kirby, Ben Gumbs, Joe Duggan, Joe Buxton, Chris Ridehalgh and James Duggan and have also signed new deals with four of their players.
Two Northumbria Police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car while responding to a 999 call in the city centre, the force has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in two separate attacks in Londonderry city centre.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on social media for a tweet it sent out to celebrate Pride Month, in which it referred to the gay community as "everybody".
A couple who paid for their own funerals have been left "completely penniless" after the company they paid for them to be buried said it went out of business.
Yemeni Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, a week after he was kidnapped by the group.
Wrexham-based engineers have developed a device that could help footballers recover from head injuries more quickly and effectively, scientists have said.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Two men involved in the 1998 Omagh bomb attack have been found liable for their roles in the atrocity after a retrial at the High Court in Belfast.
The president of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU citizens working in the UK that their freedom of movement will continue after the UK leaves the European Union.
More than half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled by the public in Scotland if the smoking ban had not been introduced, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich began their Champions League group campaign with a thumping win over FC Rostov as they moved top of Group D with seven wins from seven games.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was "happy" with his side's second-half fightback as they came from 16-9 down at half-time to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach on a two-year deal from next season.
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis to tackle anti-social behaviour at the city's oldest cemetery.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not stand for "hate crime or these kinds of attacks" after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all" as it launched its general election campaign.
Kent County Football Club have reported a pre-tax loss of £1.2m for the financial year to the end of June 2015, compared to a loss of just under £1m in the previous year.
Syrian government forces say they have retaken the strategic town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) after repelling an offensive by the jihadist group.
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the "special relationship" between the two countries after a group of British state-school students were selected to go to US universities this autumn.
A girl called Emily has been named the winner of a competition run by one of the world's most famous children's authors, Jacqueline Wilson.
A Russian diplomat has been accused of attacking a Mongolian rapper who wore a traditional swastika-emblazoned robe at a concert, leaving him in a coma and seriously injured.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a road in Greater Manchester has called on the government and council to "learn lessons" following an inquest into his death.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing in the Cairngorms for more than a week, police have said.
Spain have qualified for the 2016 Olympic men's rugby sevens for the first time after beating Fiji in the final of the World Rugby Under-20 Sevens Series in Fiji.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire, killing one of its pilots, have been unearthed by archaeologists.
All pictures are copyrighted and may not be reproduced without permission.
Doctor Who and Guardians of the Galaxy star Karen Gillan is back on the big screen with a new film set in her home city of Inverness, where she is starring in her first feature-length film.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais, despite the match being abandoned because of a frozen pitch.
Substitutes Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored late goals as Juventus beat 10-man FC Porto to take a huge advantage into the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie at the Stadio Olimpico.
Wales second row Jake Ball says he is "excited" to be back in the national side after an injury-hit autumn international campaign.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a David Bowie memorial in London has failed to reach its target, organisers have said.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead in his Leicestershire home after he forced his way into the house and attacked him with a hammer.
Frankie Raymond scored a late winner as Dagenham and Redbridge beat York 1-0 to move into the National League play-off places.
ITV has agreed a new three-year deal with Simon Cowell to keep The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent on air for the next three years, the broadcaster has announced.
Russia will face a fine from Uefa after an explosion at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille triggered violence at the start of the Euro 2016 football tournament, Russia's sports minister has said.
Iraqi forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli by Islamic State militants and entered the town, Iraqi military sources say.
US regulators have said that digital coins, or crypto-currencies, should not be exempt from the rules governing investments in the stock market.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said the party will not be going back on a promise to scrap tuition fee subsidies if it wins the assembly election.
Olympic silver medallist Kirsty Bankier became the first player to win nine Scottish National titles with victory in the women's doubles at the Glasgow Badminton Championships.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast came from behind to beat Algeria and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals with a 3-1 win at the Stade de France in Gabon.
Call of Duty fans in Singapore have criticised a video game maker for staging a fictional attack in the city-state ahead of the release of its latest expansion.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed fish that are more resistant to sea lice and reduce the use of chemical treatments to combat the problem.
Voters in North Korea go to the polls on Sunday for local elections, the first since the re-election of leader Kim Jong-un's Workers' Party, which has ruled the country since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
George Osborne was on his feet for more than an hour in his Budget speech on Wednesday night - he was delivering his first Budget since the general election campaign got under way.
Britain's Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title on the opening day of the British National Track Championships in Manchester.
Colin Martin has said he will not race on the Fireblade Hondas for the rest of the season after announcing he is quitting road racing on the Hondas.
Venezuela's security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal, ending the latest wave of unrest in the country's capital, Caracas, and other cities.
More than two-thirds of people in Scotland believe the right to buy their homes should be scrapped, according to new research.
Liverpool's new architecture centre has opened its doors to the public with an exhibition celebrating the city's architectural past, present and future, as part of a £3.5m investment.
The official depth of Loch Ness has been found to be almost twice as deep as previously thought, according to an amateur oceanographer.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named in honour of the late Scottish novelist William McIlvanney, who died in December at the age of 74.
The parents of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have travelled to the country where she was abducted and held hostage to review the charity she set up in her name.
Four Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to six months in jail for assaulting a protester during the territory's 2014 pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his parents have said.
Gerry Rafferty, the Scottish singer-songwriter whose hits included Baker Street and Stuck in the Middle with You, has died at the age of 69.
The last Concorde to take to the skies has arrived in Bristol ahead of the opening of a new museum on the site of the former airfield where it was based.
Plastic bag charges introduced in England have been blamed for the closure of a packaging firm's factory in Lancashire and the loss of more than 40 jobs, the BBC has learned.
Two women in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to return home after being told they must be beheaded and burned for being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of a multi-million pound fraud after the case against them was thrown out in the High Court.
Michael McKinstry's career in football has been a journey that has taken him from New York to Sierra Leone, back to Northern Ireland and back to New York again.
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says playing in front of a home crowd at the European Hockey Championship will help boost the national team's chances of promotion to the Hockey World League Final.
Creditors of the Taggart brothers are due to vote on a proposal that would allow them to avoid bankruptcy, BBC Northern Ireland has learned.
Growth in the UK's manufacturing sector picked up slightly in May from a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey, but remained well below pre-Brexit vote levels.
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Republic of Ireland striker Georgios Makris on a four-year deal from Turkish side Galatasaray for a fee believed to be the most expensive signing in the club's history.
Veteran US actor Steven Wallach, best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died in New York at the age of 93.
British number one Kyle Edmund and Olympic champion Johanna Konta will be among the first British players to play on day one of the US Open on Monday as the tournament gets under way in New York.
Israel has issued a warning to its citizens living in India to stay away from crowded places on New Year's Eve, in the wake of recent terror attacks in France and Germany.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since 1994 in the immediate aftermath of the EU referendum, according to a survey.
An explosion has caused the collapse of part of the wall of Aleppo's citadel, one of the most important landmarks in the Syrian city of Aleppo, a monitoring group says.
Tropical forests in the Amazon rainforest are more vulnerable to climate change than previously thought, according to a new study.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a Cambridgeshire pub owner have been released on bail.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a man and a woman were found at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Lauren Howard from New York City FC.
Nigerian politician James Ibori has been awarded £1.5m in damages after a High Court judge ruled that the Home Office was wrong to keep him in immigration detention after he was released from prison.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after a scam email purporting to be from the governing body was sent to supporters.
Welsh race walker Elinor Davies says it will be "unbelievable" to be on the same stage as "big names" at the World Championships after setting a new British record in the 20km event at the British Championships.
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life by sending him text messages telling him to "just do it babe" has pleaded not guilty in a US court.
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton says his decision to give up the Wales captaincy to Alun Wyn Jones was the "best for myself and the team".
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 21-year-old man was shot dead in a Birmingham street.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) over the case of a former Indian navy officer on death row, after Pakistan said he had asked for mercy and asked the army to spare his life.
The BBC Rewind team has been looking at the issue of equal pay for women and men in the construction industry in the UK to find out if there is any progress being made to close the gender pay gap in the sector.
A pilot scheme to use parents as traffic wardens to crack down on illegal parking outside a school was halted after just three months, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have parted company with manager David Joyce after a run of five defeats in a row left them in danger of relegation from the Championship.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice over the death of an 18-year-old who was killed in a hit-and-run 12 years ago.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat two-time champion Francesca Schiavone 6-3 6-4 to reach the second round of the French Open in Paris.
A left-wing group backing Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest has said it is "ludicrous" to describe its supporters as "entryists" after it was reported 18 of its members had registered to vote in the contest.
Tsunami waves have hit parts of central Chile, a day after a powerful earthquake struck off the coast of the south-eastern city of Illapel, triggering a major clean-up operation.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena has been described as the "worst move in footballing history" by one of the Sky Blues' fans.
National League side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bury striker Jake Bidwell until the end of the season, with the option of a recall clause in his contract.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at this year's Irish National Film and Television Festival (INFTA) awards for its television and radio programmes.
Banking on the internet can be a great way to save money, but not if you don't have to go into a High Street branch to do your banking.
A bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers on the beat, a senior police officer has said.
Papers in India are worried about rising tensions between India and China over the disputed border in the Himalayan region of Ladakh, with reports that the Indian army chief has cancelled a visit to Bhutan because of the situation, reports the Hindustan Times and India Today.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed former Sunderland Ladies midfielder Jess Staniforth and former Manchester City Ladies midfielder Stephanie Sjoman.
Qatar's decision to cut off diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries has put pressure on the Palestinian militant group Hamas, which is backed by the emirate, in the Gaza Strip, as the BBC's Yolande Knell reports.
A number of CrossCountry train services north of Edinburgh to and from north east Scotland will not be axed, the rail operator has said.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions in the South China Sea, after a stand-off between Chinese and Vietnamese ships over a drilling rig in disputed waters.
The process to elect the next Pope has begun in the Vatican, with the first meeting of the cardinals involved in the election taking place in the Sistine Chapel.
At the start of each month Elena and her husband go to their kitchen table and start sorting through their money.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to allow the value of its currency, the yuan, to rise further in an effort to boost growth in the world's second largest economy.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized on the River Forth in Aberdeenshire, the fire service has said.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" it will recommend that BT's Openreach division is split off from the company and become a separate company.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal case against the French nuclear giant Areva, accusing it of fraud and embezzlement in a uranium scandal that has rocked the country's nuclear industry.
At least 14 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province after a winter storm battered the city of Cape Town with winds of up to 90km/h (55mph), officials say.
A freight train carrying a toxic chemical has derailed and caught fire in the US state of Tennessee, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes.
Paralympic archery gold medallist Bethany Brown says she will not change her bow to recurve in order to compete at the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
A rugby player died after his car was involved in a head-on crash with a Porsche while racing against another car at speeds of up to 80mph, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a stolen bulldozer was used to demolish a house in Australia's New South Wales state, killing one person and injuring two others, police say.
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as two other drivers suffered problems before the session was brought to a halt because of safety concerns.
Cardiff Blues moved five points clear at the top of Pool Two of the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Pau in France.
Families whose babies' ashes were not given to them by a crematorium in Shropshire are to take legal action against the council.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to formally notify him of the UK's intention to withdraw from the European Union and to set out the Government's approach to the discussions we will have about the deep and special partnership we hope to enjoy with the EU once we leave.
Northern Ireland's poultry industry is one of the biggest in the world and it is worth more than £1bn a year to the economy.
French customs officials have seized a painting by Leonardo da Vinci from a boat in the English Channel after it was found to be in breach of a Spanish court order not to be exported.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team-mate to give evidence to an inquiry into a package delivered to him by a British Cycling doctor that contained a banned substance.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a shopkeeper in a "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified" attack in Glasgow.
The last two weeks of polling in the Scottish independence referendum have shown that the gap between the "Yes" and "No" campaigns has narrowed, but there is still a long way to go before we know the outcome of the referendum.
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says his players' desire to "tip in" in the Grand Final gave them the edge over their rivals as they completed their treble-winning season on Sunday.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the T20 Blast after suffering a hamstring injury in a one-day international match against South Africa.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new contract for junior doctors in England have been extended for a second time in a bid to resolve the long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed to establish a hotline to deal with the growing threat from militant groups on their shared border, Pakistan's military says.
The Sydney Sixers will face Perth Scorchers in the Big Bash League final after beating the Brisbane Heat by one run in a super over in the semi-final.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with a comfortable win over Atletico Madrid, who remain seven points behind leaders Real Madrid.
The driver of a train that derailed in southern Spain, killing at least 13 people, did not report any problem with the vehicle before the crash, the head of the rail operator Renfe has said.
Mourners at the funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester attack have been told to "put aside hatred and look to embrace love and hope".
Katherine Beaumont hit a half-century as Lancashire Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by 11 runs to win the Women's Super League for the first time in their history.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Apostolos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares fell sharply on Thursday as investors continued to worry about the health of the global economy after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US economy was likely to continue to grow at a "modest pace".
Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues to reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup for the second year in a row, despite being reduced to 10 men in the second half at Kingholm.
A sinkhole that opened up in the middle of a road and left a lorry stranded on its side is believed to have been caused by a collapse in a quarry tunnel, a council has said.
Formula 1 in the 1970s was all about Lewis Hunt and Niki Lauda, but 40 years ago the sport was not so much about the two superstars as it was about a condom company.
A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car which police believe was being driven "dangerously" when it crashed in west Belfast.
Alex Schalk scored a last-gasp winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time in their history.
An RSPCA inspector is investigating whether anything was deliberately left in a field near a cricket club after a number of dogs suffered "severe sickness" after being walked in the area.
Wales coach Huw Jenkins says it is "baffling" that his side have been criticised for their style of play in the Six Nations after beating France for the fifth time in a row.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi dweud ei gyhuddo fod eu hymchwiliad o lofruddio yn parhau ar garchar Altcourse yn Lerpwl.
UK researchers have developed "fingerprints" that can be used to identify electronic devices at the nano-scale, using the same principles as human fingerprints.
Police have warned the public about the dangers of buying prescription drugs from an "unregulated source" following the break-in of a pharmacy in Aberdeen.
They began the third day of the final Test against South Africa in Cape Town in a position where they had the chance to win the game, and they ended it with the victory they needed to level the three-match series at 1-1.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction she has received after winning Great Britain's first ever Olympic qualifying race at the London Anniversary Games.
At first glance, it is hard to believe that a retreat in Pennsylvania in the US state of Pennsylvania could be home to one of the most powerful men in the world, a man who has spent more than a decade living in self-imposed exile from the Turkish capital, Ankara.
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two men accused of the rape and murder of an Australian teenager on a beach in 2008, a lawyer for the family of the victim has said.
If you wanted to know what was what in the on-going shambles at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate and listen to Del Boy, the oracle of Dundee, and you'll hear him before you see him.
A woman in the US state of Ohio has been charged with raping a taxi driver and robbing him while another man held him at knifepoint, police say.
The family of a County Londonderry man who died in a fall in China have said they are "devastated" at the loss of their "amazing" brother.
A new collection of oil paintings and etchings has been created by an artist who worked from the deck of a boat for more than a year to capture views of the Scottish coastline.
France secured their first Six Nations win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Scotland at Stade de France, despite a spirited second-half fightback from the Scots.
Bus drivers in Dorset are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Hundreds of workers at the Michelin factory in County Antrim are due to return to work for the first time since the company announced it was to close the plant.
Oxfam has accused some countries of failing to give their "fair share" of money to the humanitarian appeal for Syria, saying they have given less than a third of what they should.
The Revenant and Steve Jobs were the big winners at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles on Sunday night, with both films picking up two prizes each.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has often been accused of being a bit of a one-trick pony when it comes to leading his team to success, with his side's remarkable run to the Champions League semi-finals and Copa del Rey final this season often being compared to a
A guide dog has become one of EasyJet's "most travelled dogs in the country" after flying with the airline for the past five years.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a new legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new executive order on immigration, days before it is due to go into effect.
The government has triggered Article 50, the formal process for the UK to leave the European Union, which will begin the process of the UK leaving the EU.
Two professors at Swansea University's School of Management have been accused of bullying and harassment by staff at the school, BBC Wales has learned.
Wasps flanker Nathan Hughes has been included in the England squad for a pre-season training camp ahead of the autumn internationals, along with a number of uncapped players.
Derbyshire fast bowlers Jack Cotton and James Taylor have signed new one-year contracts with the Division Two club until the end of the 2017 season.
Hundreds of people have attended candlelit vigils in memory of British woman Shrien Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa last year.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising's Proclamation of Independence has been sold at auction in Dublin for Â£10,000 (Â£6,000).
One of the UK's biggest payday lenders has agreed to pay £700,000 in compensation to more than 100,000 customers who may have suffered from its lending practices.
Singer Shirley Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering a brain aneurysm, according to her former partner Phil Collins, who has visited her in hospital.
A new 20mph speed limit is to be introduced on most of Edinburgh's roads as part of a scheme to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle.
The number of patients in Scotland who missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in the last year has risen by more than 20% to more than 5,000, according to figures obtained by the Scottish Conservatives.
Six women have been named as the new chief executives of the UK's biggest companies - but how do they compare with the current crop of male bosses who have been in the job for more than a decade?
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months' time if there is no road link-up between the event and the M1 motorway, according to the man in charge of the development of the site of the former Maze prison.
More than 1,000 asylum seekers held on an Australian-run detention centre in Papua New Guinea (PNG) have received a A$70m (Â£45m; $55m) settlement from the government, a court has been told.
A former council worker who was sexually abused by a colleague has been ordered to pay his victim £10,000 in compensation after the authority allowed him to retire with a pension despite knowing he was a paedophile.
Plans have been unveiled for a Â£1bn glass tower on the banks of Southampton Water that would rise more than 200m (656ft) above the Solent.
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he learned a lot from his win over Frenchman Charles Joubert following his successful defence of his title at Glasgow's SSE Hydro on Saturday.
The future of a Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley is to be put up for sale after it was declared "unviable" by the council.
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Catholic Church will be allowed to forgive abortion without seeking permission from a bishop, in a move widely seen as a change in Church policy.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest last year have been arrested by police in the western state of Maharashtra on suspicion of spreading "misleading information", reports say.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League for the first time this season as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Turf Moor.
A 67-year-old woman has been killed in a fire at a house in Inverness which police have described as a "targeted and deliberate act".
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the year to the end of October, despite a slowdown in sales at its existing stores.
Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team-mates are in such a strong position at the top of the World Endurance Championship as they bid to close the gap on Red Bull's world champion Sebastian Vettel.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis in Europe, following the death of a three-year-old Syrian boy washed up on a beach in Turkey.
Plans for a new £10m palliative care centre for cancer patients at Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Cardiff have been unveiled.
Brighton and Hove Albion moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win over Bristol City at the Amex Stadium.
Northern Ireland's largest health board has said it has had to cancel some "non-urgent" operations because of "seasonal pressures" on A&E departments in Belfast and Londonderry.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.6bn (£1.3bn) to settle US legal action over the rigging of the Libor lending rate, the latest in a series of settlements with authorities in the US.
Two young Irish rugby players who were banned from playing the sport because of their poor eyesight have been given a reprieve after World Rugby agreed to allow them to take part in a trial of goggles for players with sight problems.
Edinburgh has been chosen to host the 2017 European Champions Cup final as the host city for the final of the competition, which will take place at Murrayfield in May 2017.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future of the club's under-21s is "very healthy" after announcing the signing of seven players for the 2017-18 season.
Exeter Chiefs will face Wasps in next week's Premiership final at Twickenham after coming from behind to beat European champions Saracens and set up a meeting with Premiership leaders Wasps.
NHS staff using Google are being asked to complete a security check to make sure they are not a robot, the NHS has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers 4-2 in extra time to win the Club World Cup in Yokohama.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said it is "heartbreaking" to see how much rubbish has been found at the site where police believe he may have ended up after going missing last month.
The cost of free childcare for working parents in Wales could rise significantly if large numbers of parents take up jobs, an economist has warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show for the first time, in a new clip that will air on the Late, Late Show later this week.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened with a selection of original copies of the author's best-loved novel.
Wigan Warriors full-back Matty Smith says his side's dramatic win over Warrington Wolves will give them confidence ahead of next week's Grand Final at Old Trafford, after they beat the Wolves in the League Leaders' Shield semi-final at the same venue on Friday.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named as Wisden Cricketers' Almanack's cricketers of the year, along with England all-rounder Ben Woakes and Middlesex's Ben Roland- Jones.
Five children have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash involving a car and a lorry in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested by police investigating the death of a 70-year-old woman who was killed in a car crash in Bangor, Gwynedd.
Stuart Draper scored a hat-trick as Welsh champions The New Saints came from behind to beat Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic and progress to the second round of the Scottish Cup.
The Welsh Government will have to make "tough decisions" in its first year in power, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said, as Labour unveiled its manifesto for the assembly election.
A former football coach has been arrested as part of an investigation into allegations of historical child sex offences against footballers.
Scotland's leading figures in the world of music and charity are among those to be recognised in the Queen's New Year Honours list.
The number of nursing homes and nursing beds in England has fallen for the first time in five years, partly due to a shortage of nurses, the care regulator has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol after claiming she has a condition that causes her to ferment food, her lawyer says.
Scientists say they have identified a gene that may have been responsible for the expansion of the human brain in the early stages of its evolution.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee thought to be in the region of £25m.
A pizza shop has been banned from supplying a mental health hospital after staff at Gateshead Royal Infirmary were told the word "mental health" was on the label of a delivery order.
An extra £4.2m has been pledged by the Welsh government to help repair the damage caused by the winter storms that battered parts of Wales' coast.
Five women's footballers have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award for the first time, ahead of the Women's World Cup in Canada in June.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top-eight finish in Super League for the first time this season as they beat bottom side Leigh Centurions at the John Smith's Stadium to end Warrington Wolves' hopes of avoiding relegation.
U2 have played their first concert in the Republic of Ireland in more than 30 years, with Bono saying it was like "one of those epic nights of rock 'n' roll" he described as he took to the stage to introduce the band.
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign as they thrashed Moldova with a comfortable victory in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued an amber warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland, with the risk of flash flooding in the east of the country continuing into Friday morning.
Police in Iran have arrested a number of people over a video of them lip-syncing to US singer Pharrell Williams' song Happy, state media report.
A woman whose body was found under rubble in the garden of her ex-husband's house was murdered and had been "chopped up" by a third party, a court has heard.
An environmental group has won a legal challenge against the government over its plan to tackle air pollution in the UK, saying it has "let down millions of people" by failing to take urgent action.
For the first time in the history of the BBC Proms, a female conductor has led the orchestra at the finale of the event - and the pink balloons tied around the hall were not just for her benefit, but also for the music director of the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, Kathy Alsop.
A court in Afghanistan has sentenced a man to life in prison for the rape and murder of his daughter, a case that has sparked a campaign to bring justice for a victim of sexual abuse in the country for the first time in more than a decade.
An RAF pilot who caused an aircraft to nosedive into the Black Sea while using his camera to take photographs has been found guilty of gross negligence at a court martial.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda, rather than Twitter, which has been its preferred platform for the past two years.
Iraq's parliament has passed a package of reforms aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed, including the abolition of senior political posts and a shake-up of the country's political system.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday to secure a place in the quarter-finals of the Women's Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in their history.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain's second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they defended their women's double sculls title with victory in the Olympic final.
Plans for a new footbridge across the River Thames in London have been approved by two councils.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan did not have time to consider all his options during the summer transfer window, according to director of football Steve Davies.
At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.
A majority of members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted in favour of a change in the country's abortion law.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Professional Club Rugby Concussion Review Group (EPCR) for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a tackle against Glasgow Warriors in January.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, after they tried to break into the Green Zone, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children, two of whom died, is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
Plans to restore a Grade I-listed stately home destroyed by fire have been shortlisted by the National Trust for a competition to find the winning team to restore it.
Britain's Chris Froome finished second on stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine as he missed out on a chance to win the race for the first time in four years.
Footage has been released of the aftermath of a huge fire at a seaside market in Norfolk which has left more than 100 firefighters battling the blaze.
Four men from the North East Counter-Terrorism Unit have been arrested as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network" in Italy, police have said.
Jordan is the largest country in the Middle East and one of the most powerful in the region, with a population of more than six million people and an area that is home to some of the world's largest reserves of oil, gas and uranium.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered the UN and other international agencies to leave the rebel-held region of Luhansk, the UN humanitarian chief has said.
India will take part in this summer's Champions Trophy despite a dispute with the sport's world governing body over a new revenue-sharing deal, the country's cricket board has said.
Former environment secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce forests into flood-prone areas of the UK to help prevent future flooding.
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned down a marijuana farm it had planned to open in January.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in a runoff, becoming the first Conservative to be elected in the North East of England.
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no sign of myrrh on a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II, despite a claim by the country's chief prosecutor that she saw it weeping.
US President Donald Trump has announced the nomination of Neil Gorsuch as his Supreme Court nominee, a judge from the appeals court at the US appeals court of appeals in Denver, Colorado.
Karen Howe is one of the world's most successful female venture capitalists, but she started out as an immigrant from Iran and went on to work as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg before going on to become a top cyber security executive.
An exhibition has opened to mark the 50th anniversary of the last railway station to close in the UK.
Asian stock markets fell on Monday after a survey showed that China's manufacturing activity shrank for the third month in a row in October, in a sign that the country's economy may be losing momentum.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after he and three other men were shot at by police as they tried to rob a jewellery store in central London, the Met Police has said.
Bayer Leverkusen head coach Joe Schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of misconduct by the German Football Association's disciplinary committee for his foul-mouthed tirade against a Hoffenheim player.
A wave of far-right and anti-immigrant sentiment has swept across Europe in recent months, fuelled by the migrant crisis and the rise of the French National Front (FN) and the Danish People's Party (DPP), which has made big gains in the European Parliament.
The Green Party of Scotland has gained its first councillor in Orkney, in what the party said was a "historic night" for the party in the local elections.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car and a motorcycle in Edinburgh.
The world has been turned upside down in the space of a few hours, in the course of a referendum that could change everything for generations, and it's not clear if that's a problem the current generation of politicians will ever be able to fix, or if it's even possible to fix.
A postcard sent more than 30 years ago has been found after being delivered to the wrong address in the Isle of Wight, the Post Office has said.
The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to those who lost their lives in World War One during a service to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal from Manly Sea Eagles on a free transfer.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company that makes a cream for eczema in a deal worth $2.4bn (£1.9bn).
A Canadian kidnapped by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been found beheaded, hours before a deadline for a ransom to free him, the country's prime minister has said.
Madonna has revealed the video for the first single from her new album, Madonna: Madonna: The Videos, on Snapchat, the photo-sharing app that's been acquired by Snapchat's parent company, parent company Snapchat.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) says it is "disgusted" by a new cartoon of President Jacob Zuma that depicts him as a "womaniser and philanderer".
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union, leaving it without the support of EU funding for the first time in its history, the BBC has learned.
An elderly man has been threatened with a knife and robbed at knifepoint in his Glasgow home by two men who thought he had a "significant amount of cash" in his home, police have said.
It's been a night to remember for the Scottish Conservatives, who have made history in their bid to become the largest party in Scotland for the first time in more than 20 years.
China's Ding Junhui fought back from 5-4 down to beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised by inspectors for not doing enough to help victims of crime in England and Wales.
World number one Angelique Kerber was knocked out of the Australian Open in the second round by Zheng Saisai in straight sets with a 6-4 6-3 6-2 defeat by Zheng Jie in Melbourne.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel in which a group of Royal Navy pilots lost their lives during World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has been on a mission to one of the most mysterious moons of Saturn for the past five years, and it's been doing a great job.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties across Belfast as part of the Queen's official 90th birthday celebrations in the city.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in Poldark, has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer, her family has announced.
A teacher has been charged with sending a hoax bomb threat to a school where a 16-year-old girl was a pupil.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh on a one-year deal following his release by National League rivals Dover Athletic.
It has been a season to remember in the Premier League, with Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool all winning the title and Manchester City finishing second, third and fourth, respectively, in the table.
Six people have been killed in a balcony collapse at an apartment in the United States, including Irish students Niccolai Culligan, Eoghan Donohoe, Eoin Schuster and Eoin Culligan.
A US college entrance exam that was due to be held in South Korea and Hong Kong on Saturday has been cancelled after "credible evidence" that some of the test materials were hacked.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins next month's election.
Midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson believes Swansea City are returning to the "old Swansea City" after a poor start to the season.
Three police forces in Wales have been told they need to do more to tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation, in the latest of a series of reviews of the country's forces.
Britain's Paul Smith lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's Juergen Zeuge by a unanimous points decision in his third world title defence.
Oscar and Bafta-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery in a new BBC One drama about the heist.
The US State Department has said it will not "walk back" from charges against Indian consul Anupam Khobragade after she was strip-searched at the US embassy in New York, despite India's anger over the incident.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in the history of the tournament, beating Russia 2-0 in the final in Russia on Sunday.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award for outstanding contribution to human rights at the UN Human Rights Council (UNHCR) in Geneva.
Five MPs from the north of England have called on Chancellor George Osborne to spend more money on transport in the region ahead of the Autumn Statement on Wednesday.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open for the first time with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey in Melbourne.
Voting is under way in local elections across Merseyside, including in four councils and the city mayor of Liverpool.
The body of a seven-year-old boy has been recovered from a river in North Lanarkshire after a major search operation for a missing boy.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals, in the wake of a similar move by a town in the south-east of the country.
Dublin won their second All-Ireland title in three years as they beat Mayo 0-17 to 0-13 in a thrilling All- Ireland Football final at Croke Park.
The latest group of Syrian refugees to arrive in Londonderry from the war-torn country have said they are adjusting well to life in the North West of Northern Ireland.
A Russian official has been expelled from the Rio Paralympics for carrying a Russian flag in protest at the country's ban from the Games, Russia's foreign ministry has said.
A drunk driver has been jailed for more than two years for causing the death of a 21-year-old man by driving a tractor into him on a farm.
Former Tour de France winner David Millar has returned to British Cycling as an anti-doping coach after serving a three-year ban for doping.
Residents have said they are "very angry" that a large fire which has been burning for more than a week is still burning on land they were told to remove rubbish from.
Nine men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including Anjem Choudary, the former leader of banned Islamist group Islam4UK, police have said.
An attempt to use light waves to send data across the electromagnetic spectrum has sparked a fierce debate in the academic world, with critics arguing that the idea is flawed, while its supporters say it has the potential to revolutionise the way we communicate.
In the wake of the Charlotte Bevan inquest into the death of a woman who took her own life after suffering from mental health problems during and after the birth of her daughter, the Maternal Mental Health Alliance has called for urgent action to improve the mental health of pregnant and postnatal women.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales are being hit by a huge increase in business rates, with some seeing their profits eaten away by councils, it has been claimed.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Dale Stephens will miss the Championship play-off semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday after the Football Association rejected his appeal against his red card.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to launch his campaign for re-election with a speech on Monday, amid growing pressure from within his own party to drop out of the race.
More than two-thirds of UK workers have been forced to work when they are ill, according to a survey of more than 1,000 private sector workers.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed fire safety tests, despite it being ordered by the council to be made of the same material as the tower block that was destroyed in the Grenfell Tower fire.
An Australian man has been found guilty of working as a doctor under a false identity for more than a decade, the country's health minister has said.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, after the Israeli leader said he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state while he was prime minister.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl while she was asleep in a garage after drinking a can of Foster's Foster's beer.
The government's new national strategy to tackle extremism has been unveiled in the House of Commons - and it's got a lot to say about how it wants to tackle the problem.
Prime Minister Theresa May should not approach the issue of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland as if she is still home secretary, Lord Alderdice has said.
University vice-chancellors should not be paid more than the prime minister, Mayor of London Boris Johnson is to say in a speech at the annual conference of the Association of British Universities.
A skeleton of one of the world's largest carnivorous dinosaurs has been sold at auction in the US, despite protests from Mongolia's president.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman continued his fine start to the season as he saved a late penalty to earn his side a goalless draw at home to Blackpool in League Two.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment on the NHS in Wales has risen for the sixth year in a row, latest figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall, the second time it has been taken from a site in the past year, the South West Ambulance Service has said.
More than a third of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
A review is to be carried out into the effectiveness of Manchester's 20mph speed limit after a report found it was not as effective as expected in reducing road accidents.
St Johnstone midfielder Steven Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has dismissed claims that the party has "no chance" of winning a majority at the next general election as a "complete red herring".
A greyhound has been found dead with its ear cut off in Lancashire, prompting a reward to help catch its killers.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right neo-Nazi cell that carried out a string of murders has begun in Munich, in a case that has put the country's security services under intense scrutiny.
US TV network Univision has said it will continue to air the Miss Universe beauty pageant owned by Donald Trump, despite his criticism of its decision to cancel the event.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his "nervousness" during his speech at the Golden Globes, in which he made a joke about aid workers in war-torn South Sudan.
A multi-million pound shopping and entertainment complex in Newport city centre has opened its doors to the public after a £100m revamp of the city centre.
One of the world's most influential central bankers has told the BBC he is concerned about the "immense burden" central banks are taking on in the global economy.
It is one of the key ways they say they are going to pay for their spending promises, and they are all promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescuers in Italy are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in central Italy, with hundreds of people still missing and hundreds of aftershocks continuing to hit the country.
A memorial service is to be held in memory of the 11 people who died in the Shoreham air disaster in which a jet crashed on to a road, killing all 11 people on board.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall is facing a row with the chief constable over plans to move his office to the force's Middlemoor headquarters, the BBC has learned.
The Australian government has announced a $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn; $1bn) drought assistance package for farmers in drought-stricken areas of Queensland and New South Wales.
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to charge anyone over the death of Sandra Bland, a woman who hanged herself in jail in July.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
China's Ding Junhui is through to the quarter-finals of the UK Championship for the first time in his career after a comfortable win in the first round in Sheffield.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tim Berg could be out for up to six weeks with a hamstring injury, according to director of cricket Steve Benkenstein.
A woman accused of causing the death of her partner in a crash has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" when the car she was travelling in hit a tree.
Mae Archesgob Cymru wedi dweud ei hethol gan aelodau yn Esgob Tyddewi yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans.
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Kevin Cox as their new manager on a two-year contract following their relegation from the Football League.
The future of the Fairtrade mark on Cadbury chocolate is in doubt after it was announced that the UK's biggest chocolate maker, Mondelez International, is to drop the ethical trade mark from all of its products.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for her novel Americanah for the third time for her third novel, Purple Hibiscus.
A Dundee United fan has admitted striking a Rangers fan in the head with a metal pole at the end of the Scottish Premiership match between the sides last month.
The US has stepped up security ahead of next week's Super Bowl in California, saying it has received a number of threats, but has not received a specific threat, officials have said.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane on Saturday, according to the doctor who first tried to save his life, Dr David Tobin.
A 23-year-old man has died after being found with serious head injuries at a flat in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time on the second day of pre-season testing for Mercedes as he suggested his team are in a "really strong position" ahead of the season-opening Australian Grand Prix.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential art critic for the second year in a row, according to a new list of the most influential people in the world of contemporary art.
Oil giant Shell has apologised in Malaysia after a cardboard cutout of a female employee appeared in a series of adverts for its gas and oil products in which she was sexually assaulted.
Mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, yn ôl Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddi eu hadroddi
When he was growing up in the 1960s, vegetable oil was a relatively rare commodity and used sparingly in home cooking, but now it's one of the most commonly used ingredients in almost all of our meals, according to Prof David Benton, the author of a new report on food production
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from the County Championship suffered a blow as they lost six wickets on day three against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea says it has successfully launched a ballistic missile from a submarine, in what would be the country's first test of a submarine-fired nuclear weapon.
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned of a rise in the number of people being targeted by fraudsters trying to steal their pension savings.
A High Court hearing has been adjourned over a bid by a loyalist to challenge a decision not to refer two brothers who lied in court to the judge who reduced their jail sentences.
Young people are being warned about the dangers of buying cosmetic contact lenses without an optician after they were sold on the streets of London and Manchester.
A Byron restaurant worker who was deported from the UK after being arrested as part of a Home Office crackdown on illegal immigrants has said he is "sad" he has been "thrown away" by the restaurant chain.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole from fellow National League side Staines Town for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Game of Thrones and Star Wars actress Gwendoline Christie is to join the cast of Top of the Lake for the second series, it has been announced.
First Derivatives, the Newry-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £9.5m for the six months to the end of September.
A burglar who used the same technique to carry out a series of break-ins in Manchester has been given a lifetime ban from the city's alleyways.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in Downing Street later to discuss the UK's membership of the European Union.
The Scottish government has ordered a review of undercover policing after the UK government refused to extend an inquiry into the issue north of the border.
Lazio have been ordered to play their next two European matches behind closed doors and fined 40,000 euros (£34,475) after being found guilty of racist chanting by Uefa.
Apple has welcomed a US judge's decision to throw out a court case that would have forced the tech giant to unlock an iPhone, saying it gives the company "encouraging momentum" to its fight against the FBI.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes between his supporters and protesters at the venue, citing the "safety of all of the tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena".
Wales and Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year contract with the region.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after she was attacked by a dog in a garden.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A Pullman carriage which was used to carry Winston Churchill's coffin at his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored after being taken to a North Yorkshire museum for the first time in more than 50 years.
An exhibition of the nude bodies of more than 3,000 people who took to the streets of Hull for an art installation is to go on display for the first time since the city's successful bid to become UK City of Culture in 2014.
Relatives of some of the great-great grandchildren of one of the first families to record Christmas carols have heard the recordings for the first time after they were restored by curators at the Museum of London.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after the BBC's Have I Got News for You programme aired a joke about UKIP leader Nigel Farage on its political satire show.
Engineers have built an octopus-inspired robotic arm that could be used to carry out surgery.
The world's most famous steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway for the first time in more than 50 years after a £4.2m refit.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a Lord of the Dance performance by choreographer Katie Flatley.
Three radio stations in west Wales are to move to a new studios in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales has learned.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of the assets of five oil companies involved in drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands, an archipelago claimed by Britain.
The B-52 bomber has flown over Greater Manchester for the last time as part of its final journey before it is retired from the skies.
The Department for Energy and Climate Change has published a report on the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system, which it says could cost the UK up to £500m a year.
An app that can identify public figures using photos and video has been launched in the UK by the social media firm VKontakte, which was founded by ex-Google executive Evan Spiegel and ex-Microsoft executive Satya Nadella.
World number one Rory McIlroy finished in a tie for third as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title of the year in Shanghai.
The search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of Northern Ireland on Saturday has been called off after it was declared a hoax by the coastguard.
Facebook has announced a raft of new add-on apps for its Messenger messaging app, which will allow users to post to other social networks and services.
It's that time of year again when the world's two biggest economies meet for the first time in more than a decade.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to assist local forces in the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several US-based pro-democracy and human rights groups as part of an investigation into foreign funding of the groups, officials say.
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London's Trafalgar Square is tucked away in a corner of the building, hidden from view from the public.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a Pembrokeshire beach following a collision between a motorbike and a car.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell.
Work has begun on a memorial to the Battle of the Somme which will be shaped like the Spitfire, with the first section of the structure being laid out.
Kallum Owens scored two tries as Widnes came from behind to beat Warrington and move to within three points of the Super League play-off places.
South Africa is one of the world's most popular destinations for tourists, and the country's tourism industry is thriving thanks to a new breed of tech-led travel companies.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
(Close): The Nasdaq suffered its biggest one-day fall in more than a year as the technology-heavy Nasdaq index closed at a record low.
A BBC investigation has found that Sri Lankan maids who fled abusive employers in Saudi Arabia have not been allowed to return home for more than a decade because their employers have not paid them for their work.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, overturning a ruling that could have left millions of Americans without health insurance.
A man who escaped from custody more than 40 years ago has been jailed for six years for possessing a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life.
Tens of thousands of mourners have gathered in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to pay their last respects to Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda, who died on Saturday.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a car park in Nottinghamshire.
It's not that surprising that Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" on the eve of the Labour Party conference is going to go down in history as the picture of him clutching a giant vegetable in front of a pack of photographers.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is "not surprised" by England striker Marcus Rashford's call-up to the Euro 2016 squad.
MPs have failed in a bid to amend the same-sex marriage bill, which is being debated in the House of Commons for the first time since the government gave its support in principle in February.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant at Dundee University have been closed after a fire broke out in a fume cupboard at the school's main building.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient 3-1 and move into the League Two play-off places.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has risen sharply in the last decade, according to figures obtained by the BBC, and the number of people using new psychoactive substances has also increased.
Zanzibar's electoral commission chairman has announced the cancellation of elections for president and parliament on the Indian Ocean archipelago, saying the vote was marred by "gross irregularities".
More than 5,000 new jobs were created or safeguarded by overseas investment in Wales in the last financial year, according to new figures.
A chemical weapons watchdog has concluded that a chemical attack on a rebel-held town in Syria in April that killed dozens of people could only have been caused by the use of the nerve agent Sarin, or "sarin-like substance", a summary of a report says.
A Yemeni Islamist militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has called for the release of more than 100 soldiers who it says were kidnapped by the government last month.
A Gallipoli war veteran has been reunited with his suitbag after it was found in the wardrobe of a woman who had taken it from the same train where it went missing.
Paralympic gold medallist David Weir has said he will still compete in the London Marathon this year, despite announcing his retirement from international racing.
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut up to 76 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive to save £5.5m over the next three years.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating an allegation of malpractice in relation to a business studies exam.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at this year's Glastonbury Festival, in front of a crowd of just 80 people.
Sierra Leone's first doctor to be diagnosed with Ebola in the country since the outbreak of the disease in 2014 has been working with the World Health Organization (WHO) in Freetown to educate people about the dangers of the virus and how to prevent it from spreading.
The Conservative MP for Brentwood and Ongar, Sir Eric Pickles, has announced he is to stand down in June's general election, after 25 years in Westminster.
Paris St-Germain suffered their first Ligue 1 defeat in more than a year as they were beaten 2-0 by Lyon at the Parc des Princes.
Juventus midfielder Miralem Pjanic has signed a new five-year contract with the Italian champions, keeping him at the club until 2021.
Wearable, health-focused gadgets are the new big thing, but what happens to the data they generate and how do we keep track of it?
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to the late Indian nun Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be made a saint, the Vatican has said.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Second hand Volkswagens made by Volkswagen have not seen their value fall as much as expected in the wake of the emissions scandal, according to new research.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple in its fight with the FBI over a court order to unlock an iPhone, but that the firm should not have "back doors" to its software.
A body recovered from the Java Sea on Thursday has been formally identified as that of an AirAsia passenger who died in the plane crash, Indonesian officials say.
Oban Camanachd beat Kilmallie 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Camanacherie Cup despite being held to a 3-3 draw at home by Oban MacCuish in the quarter-final first leg.
Belgian police have shot dead two suspected Islamist militants who were trying to attack a train station in a town in the north-east of the country, a prosecutor has said.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council staff to catch dog fouling in a bid to tackle "disgusting crime" in Staffordshire, it has been announced.
A "sozzled" squirrel had to be rescued by a member of a railway club after running across a bar's pumps and turning on the tap, leaving a trail of beer and bottles across the floor.
Scottish Labour is calling on Police Scotland and the Scottish government to reveal what they knew about allegations the force spied on MSPs' phones.
A US man who was wrongly convicted of murder 22 years ago and sentenced to life in prison has been freed after a judge ruled his case can be retried.
Five businesses in Edinburgh have been fined after it was found that some were using communal bins meant for residents to dispose of their waste to contain trade waste.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a human rights claim against the prison governor and the government.
The Red Arrows will be replaced in the next two years, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said, but the public would not let the team be axed, he has said.
An 83-year-old actor with learning disabilities who is terminally ill has written to the House of Lords calling for an assisted dying law to be introduced in the UK.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused Bastia fans of making "monkey noises" to him during Friday's 1-0 Ligue 1 defeat by the French club, with Bastia's director of football Philippe Plea saying he heard " monkey noises" during the game.
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains on the East Coast Main Line have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over job losses, the union has said.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could miss the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury and could be out for up to 10 weeks.
The resignation of Top Gear presenter Chris Evans has sparked a debate on social media about who should replace him - and some people are suggesting he should be replaced by Matt Le Blanc's former co-star in Friends, Matthew Perry.
Bees in 17 European countries died by an average of 13.6% in the winter of 2012-13, according to the first official survey of bee colony mortality in the EU.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un, has been returned to the country, China's foreign ministry says, after Malaysia refused to hand over the body.
The United Nations (UN) has ended its project with Wonder Woman after a campaign to promote gender equality was criticised for its use of the comic book character, the organisation has said.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after an explosion ripped through the vessel off the west coast of Scotland.
A pro-refugee campaigner has been found guilty of racially aggravated behaviour at a far-right rally in which he was accused of calling four people "nothing but white bastards", a court has heard.
A seven-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Plans to increase council tax in Liverpool to help fund the city's parks and open spaces have been backed by the mayor of the city.
Nigeria's government says it has shut down a radio station that supports the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra in the south-east of the country.
A homeless man who has raised more than £100,000 for homeless people in London has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Boeing has tested a new high powered laser device that it says could be used to track and destroy drones.
Five people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in a north-east London park.
Crusaders will hope to maintain their 100% start to the Irish Premiership season when they host Glenavon in their final game of the season on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John has called for more to be done to help ex-footballers who suffer from dementia as a result of playing the game.
Football Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Tennis Basketball Athletics Speedway Ice Hockey Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will be broadcasting live from all the major sporting events of the week.
A portrait of Mozart has been painted and projected on to buildings across the north-east of England in a bid to "reclaim" the composer's "dark" side.
Boris bikes are to be installed at a number of locations in London as part of plans to expand the 'Boris bike' hire scheme in the city.
India won the second Test against Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "sad" that a major golf tournament will be moved from Florida to Mexico next year because of his campaign for the White House.
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland have been at the centre of a long-running legal battle for the past five years.
Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt has been described as "the ultimate rock and roller" by Queen's Brian May after his death at the age of 69.
Car insurance premiums are set to rise by an average of £13 a year as the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate rises for the first time in three years, the AA has warned.
It was another busy day in the English Football League on Saturday, with Luton's Danny Hylton sent off in stoppage time and Cheltenham's Gary Johnson returning to his former club Yeovil Town for his first game in charge of the Glovers.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side's pre-season preparations as they prepare for the Betfred Cup group stage, while Motherwell boss Stephen Robinson says he needs to "move people on" in the top end of the pitch.
The rector of the University of Stirling has called on the Scottish government to drop plans to change the way universities are governed.
Cardiff City captain Peter Whittingham will not be rushed into signing a new contract at the Championship club.
A drilling rig is to be sent to the Beatrice oil field in the north west of Scotland as part of a decommissioning project to remove the site's platforms and power cables.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he does not feel he has reached his peak as he prepares for the quarter-finals of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police as part of an inquiry into allegations that she took millions of euros in payments as his parliamentary assistant, the candidate has said.
Plymouth Argyle's Chris Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly pushing a ball boy during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Barnsley.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Wrexham midfielder Joel Smith on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture honouring the late musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
A woman has been arrested after police found two stolen iPhones at a house in Northumberland following an investigation into the theft of a Blackpool band's mobile phone.
A woman has been killed after being hit by a train on a level crossing in Suffolk.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin O'Donnell has said he is "relieved" to have been voted off the show after a "disaster" dance off on Saturday night.
The search is on to find the next 'psychic' octopus to predict the outcome of the Women's World Cup, following the success of Paul the octopus at the 2010 tournament in Germany.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager David Lynch after just six months in charge of the National League strugglers.
An 11-year-old boy has won the men's title in the World Conker Championships for the second year running.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his car after it was found to be tied to the back of the vehicle by a strap, police have said.
At the Paris Air Show, one of the world's biggest aerospace shows, a spooky-looking aircraft is being unveiled.
How much do you know about the Greek community in London and what do you do if you want to get in touch with them?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and of not doing enough to criticise Venezuela, Iran and North Korea.
The Church of England is to start divesting from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy, for the first time, in a bid to tackle climate change.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" for the club's position in the Premier League table, but insists he has the full support of his players.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Europa League in the third qualifying round for the first time in 30 years as they were outclassed by Greek champions Olympiakos at the Allianz Stadium.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to "treat" the attack on an Indian air force base in Punjab as an act of terrorism, after gunmen stormed the facility on Saturday, killing at least five people.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan at "gunpoint" has returned to India, saying she feared she would have died if she had stayed in the country longer.
The Liberal Democrats have lost all four of their seats in Scotland's Highlands and Islands in the general election, in what the party has described as a "night of political history".
Madagascar's parliament has voted in favour of impeaching President Hery Rajaonarimampianina after he refused to step down following a no-confidence vote.
England captain Alastair Cook's record-breaking innings of 263 helped his side take control of the second Test against Pakistan on day three.
Lecturers at a number of Glasgow colleges have dropped plans to join a one-day strike in a dispute over pay, the EIS union has said.
Didn't the government already have a plan in place if it wanted to take military action against the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Syria?
A giant bouncy castle, thought to be the largest in the world, has been erected for a music festival in Hampshire.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in west Belfast, police have said.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 14-year-old girl who was beaten to death in April, in a case that sparked protests in the capital, Jakarta.
Mexico's Interior Minister Luis Felipe Galindo has been sacked after a report accused him of covering up the deaths of more than 50 people during an anti-drugs raid.
Computer systems used by airlines and travel agents to book flights are vulnerable to hacking and could be used to steal travellers' personal information, say security researchers.
More than 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service because of low morale, according to a survey by the Police Federation.
Leeds Rhinos held off a second-half fightback from Salford Red Devils to secure a hard-fought Super League win in the windy conditions at Headingley.
Oxford's High Street will be opened to pedestrians for the first time in more than 20 years when a shopping centre reopens next year, a council has said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will consult with the Foreign Office over security concerns ahead of England's tour of Bangladesh in October, following the deadly attack on a cafe in the country.
A council boss arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud at Lancashire council has been released on bail, the mayor of Liverpool has said.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" there will be further treaty changes to the European Union as he begins a two-day visit to France and Germany.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has criticised his side's attitude ahead of Thursday's National League game against Tranmere Rovers.
A giant corpse flower which has been growing in a glass house at the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh for the past four years is expected to bloom later.
Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October, despite the British boxer being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found dumped in ditches in Peterborough and Cambridgeshire and preventing the lawful burial of their bodies.
People could soon be able to control unmanned drones using only their brains, thanks to new brain-computer interface technology, according to a British company.
A new contractor has been appointed to carry out the demolition of the former Stenhousemuir Power Station site, where four men died when a building collapsed, the company that ran the site has said.
Indonesia's main opposition PDI-P party appears to have performed better than expected in Wednesday's parliamentary election, but it is not clear if it will be able to enter next month's presidential election.
Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's biggest brewer, has said it has reached a deal to buy rival SABMiller in a deal that would create one of the biggest brewers in the world.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving access to tennis courts across Britain.
The South West of England is set to receive the most money from a new fund to tackle the shortage of affordable homes for second-home owners, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence program developed by US scientists is taking on the world's best human poker players in a contest that will be streamed live on video-streaming site Twitch.
Two men have been jailed for the "catastrophic" murder of a Ballymena Chinese takeaway restaurant owner in what a judge described as one of the most "vicious attacks" he has experienced as a police officer.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has said it has captured a hospital in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour after fierce fighting with pro-government forces.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-Vietnamese writer to three years in prison for "subversion" after finding him guilty of violating the country's anti-subversion laws.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all the games at the World Cup for the rest of the tournament against a variety of different guests.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year for the first time in four years, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) to settle a series of lawsuits brought by US customers who claimed the firm was not doing enough to ensure the safety of its drivers.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where a tourist was mauled to death last week after jumping through a fence, officials say.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey for the first time in more than a decade, it has been announced.
A former soldier has been jailed for life for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl who was found dead in 1976 after her body was found under a thicket 40 years after she went missing.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has sacked his entire cabinet in a major reshuffle, amid reports of a power struggle between him and his deputy.
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station (ISS) has broken up in orbit after failing to dock with the space station for the second time in a week.
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon, the children are playing with crayon drawings of what they would like to build if they were able to leave the war-torn country they have fled.
A Scottish man and a woman from the Republic of Ireland have died after a yacht ran aground off the coast of Cape Town in South Africa.
Flooding caused by heavy rain caused by Storm Desmond has caused damage to homes and businesses in Great Yarmouth, the fire service has said.
The Scottish SPCA has confirmed that a cat that died after being found trapped under a car in Glasgow had been poisoned with antifreeze.
A minor league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised after it promoted a "Caucasian Heritage Night" on its Facebook page in the wake of the Charleston church shooting.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman who has been missing from her home in Milton Keynes for more than a week.
What do you do when you have the flu and you have to cancel your performance at the MTV VMAs because you're too sick to sing?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a two-car crash on the A713 in South Ayrshire.
When Leicester City won the Premier League title last season, it was hailed as one of the greatest sporting stories of the 20th Century and helped boost the city's reputation as a tourist destination.
Nick Gubbins hit his first Championship century of the season to put Middlesex in a strong position against Somerset on day two at Taunton.
Labour leadership candidate Ed Miliband has said it was "wrong" for the UK to go to war in Iraq in 2003 but has not made any formal apologies for the conflict.
A hen party for a bride-to-be had a "best laid plans" when their boat got stuck in mud, the RNLI has said.
Harry Potter actor David Bradley is to play William Hartnell in a new Doctor Who episode that will mark the 50th anniversary of the show's creation.
The European Commission has recommended in principle that the UK government should go ahead with the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset, the BBC has learned.
Police have released a new image of one of three men they want to speak to in connection with the attempted murder of a couple who were tortured by a gang during a break-in at their Kent home.
Work has started on a Â£2.3m project to transform Anglesey's former market hall into a community centre.
Theresa May is expected to announce changes to police stop and search powers later this month, BBC Newsnight has learned, despite a 12 December deadline set by the prime minister.
New Glentoran manager Stephen Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the best way to turn around his side's poor start to the Premiership season.
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Gwynedd hospital, saying the health board's communication with staff is "as bad if not worse than ever".
Dundee manager Grant McCann has given his players a day off after his side's poor display in their Scottish League Cup win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Slovakia is one of the newest countries in Europe, having gained independence from Czechoslovakia in 1993, and has since become a member of the European Union and the eurozone.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it would be a "no-brainer" for the club to re-sign former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker on a short-term deal.
A derelict bowling pavilion from a Cumbrian park is to be restored and turned into a museum as part of a project to tell the story of life in the 1950s in the East Midlands.
England ended their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Belgium in Leuven to secure top spot in Group 7 and secure their place at next summer's tournament in the Netherlands.
Google has confirmed that it shut down its internet-providing drones, Titan Aerospace, in late 2015, following reports that the firm had shut down in 2015.
A 22-year-old man who escaped from a hospital in Manchester by jumping out of a window while he was being treated for a leg injury has been recaptured.
Prof Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, was known as a "big personality" with a "mischievous streak and a low opinion of those in authority", according to his great-niece.
Great Britain's Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the final of the World Superbantamweight Series (WSB) at London's O2 Arena as the hosts won the tournament for the third time in four years.
Championship side Oldham booked their place in the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a six-try win over Challenge Cup holders Hull KR, who were knocked out in the fifth round by Batley Bulldogs.
Tehran's mayor has announced plans to turn the notorious Evin prison in the Iranian capital into a park, in a move that will cost at least $1.5m (Â£1.2m; $2.4m) to complete, the mayor says.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian in the early hours of the morning.
A senior prosecutor has defended his decision to prosecute two men convicted of grooming a 15-year-old girl for sex after the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped the case against them.
The death of a young footballer from a cardiac arrest is a tragedy for any athlete, but it is particularly shocking when it comes from a young man.
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has continued to fall, according to the latest figures from Nielsen Media Research.
A festival to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most important philosophers is to be held at Hutchesons Grammar School in Dumfries and Galloway.
Italian Francesco Tedesco has been named as the new coach of Schalke after Hoffenheim parted company with Julian Nagelsmann at the end of the 2016-17 season.
Celtic have been fined £100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group match against Besiktas.
A towpath on the River Taff in Carmarthenshire will be closed to the public for the next three weeks for repair work on an aqueduct, it has been announced.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has updated its rules on tackling crowd trouble in stadiums in the wake of the recent disorder at the Scottish Cup final.
In the early 1970s, India's Maoist rebels were little more than a handful of armed fighters fighting for the rights of indigenous tribespeople and the poor in rural areas of the north-eastern states of West Bengal, Bihar, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
Scientists have used a molecular tape recorder to trace the origins of hundreds of thousands of cells in living organisms, including fish and mice.
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey won a record-equalling 16th UCI Para-cycling world title with victory in the women's individual time trial at the Track Cycling World Championships.
A court in Israel has sentenced former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to seven years in prison for corruption, saying he is a "traitor" who "betrays the public trust".
Plans to reform prisons and tackle extremism in England and Wales have been announced in the government's Queen's Speech, which is being seen as an attempt to secure a legacy for the prime minister ahead of the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
A boy who was mauled to death by a crocodile in an Australian national park has been found safe and well, and two other crocodiles have been shot and examined by police.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their World Cup disappointment and win the war against Switzerland if they are to have any chance of qualifying for Euro 2016, which starts on Monday.
A suicide prevention app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire who are at risk of taking their own lives to make a plan for the future.
Two County Antrim men have been given suspended prison sentences after thousands of tyres were found buried in and resting beside the shoreline of Lough Foyle in County Londonderry.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by seven wickets in the first Test in Colombo to take a 1-0 lead in the series after a record-breaking batting collapse in the second match.
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall in the Philippines, bringing heavy rain and strong winds to the capital, Manila, before weakening into a tropical storm.
Ireland all-rounder James Rankin will return to international cricket for the first time since his last Test appearance for England in 2014, the International Cricket Council (ICC) has announced.
Zinedine Zidane's first game in charge of Real Madrid was a nightmare for the French coach when he took charge of the Spanish champions on 27 February 2016.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the long-awaited changes to the county cricket schedule for the 2016 season.
A "five-figure sum" is expected to be spent to repair a 19th Century market cross damaged in a hit-and-run crash, a town trustee has said.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion, off the coast of south-eastern France, is the largest of the archipelago of Rodrigues, Mauritius and Rodrigues in the Indian Ocean.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism but will stand up for the interests of America and her allies where the two sides do not see eye-to-eye, as the new US secretary of state begins a trip to the G20.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under-par 66 to move two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new head coach, less than a week after the Easter Road club parted company with him.
As a young boy, Othman al-Hassan was forced to flee his home in northern Iraq when the Mosul Dam was captured by Islamic State militants in 2014, leaving him and his family to live on the banks of the Tigris River for more than a decade.
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned a valuable lesson after he retweeted a joke that turned out to be a joke.
Turkeys, ducks, chickens and pigs have been stolen in a "sickening" break-in at a Powys butcher's shop during the Christmas rush, the shop's owner has said.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to her son in December.
Leeds Rhinos say it could take up to six months for the club to return to their Kirkstall training ground after flood water contaminated the site.
Six teenagers found dead in a remote hut in northern Germany died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a party on Saturday night, police say.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group used corruption as a " rallying cry" to recruit people to its cause, according to a new report by a leading anti-corruption group.
Lewis Hamilton says the new Formula 1 season will be "exciting" because of the "close" nature of the battle between Mercedes and Ferrari for the world title.
Scientists say they have found the first direct evidence that high-altitude temperatures at the top of Jupiter's atmosphere could be driven by thunderclaps rumbling above the Great Red Spot, the Solar System's biggest storm.
Bradford Bulls have been reinstated into Super League by the Rugby Football League following the takeover of the club by Shahid Khan and John Sutcliffe, the governing body has confirmed.
Leicestershire Riders are aiming to add the British Basketball League title to their Premier League and Women's Big League titles as they bid to become the first team to win all three major honours in the same season.
Kilmarnock moved back into second place in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts which moved them level on points with Celtic and Aberdeen at the top of the table.
The UK has some of the worst health records of any European country, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead in the French capital, Paris, after the car they were travelling in crashed and burst into flames near the Arc de Triomphe, police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, according to official figures, which show that spending by shoppers was up by more than 1% compared with the same month last year.
A horse that was declared winner of a race at Great Yarmouth has been found to be the wrong horse after a scan of its microchipped tag revealed it was a stablemate of a runner due to run in the same race.
The chances of the UK leaving the European Union are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary who served under Tony Blair, Gordon Brown and David Cameron has said.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say, after a blast in the early hours of the morning.
The French president has warned that "the worst can always happen" as he visited the site of a former Nazi concentration camp where more than 50,000 people were killed in World War Two.
Google has offered a reward to a student who discovered a weakness in its website-buying system that left him in charge of Google.com for about a minute.
An inquiry into the policing of the so-called Battle of Orgreave during the 1984 miners' strike will not be launched until after the Hillsborough disaster, the Home Office has said.
Kenny Johnson scored a stoppage-time winner as Motherwell beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to move into the Premiership's top four.
Chuck Feeney is one of the richest men in the world, but he does not own a home or a car, and famously wears a watch that was bought for just $15 (Â£9.50) when he was a teenager.
The Conservative MP for Stoke-on-Trent Central has said he has been the victim of a "vicious smear campaign with racist overtones" following his split from his wife.
Workers in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) are being urged to stay away from work on Friday for the release of superstar Rajinikanth's latest film.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel, police say.
I've been in Brussels this week and I've got to say: it's been a pretty good week.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has said he "stands by" his claim that he has never had an "illegal" performance-enhancing injection, despite claims he had taken banned substances before major races.
More than 1,000 baby spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a project to create a new population of the species.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has named its candidates for the presidency and vice-president of Myanmar, after a last-ditch attempt to secure a deal with the military ended in failure.
A 17-year-old US student is using artificial intelligence to teach computers how to diagnose cancer, using data from breast and leukaemia biopsies.
South Sudan's state-run TV has been broadcasting a propaganda campaign urging "jihad" against Sudan, following Sudan's occupation of the border town of Heglig and the apparent capture of South Sudanese soldiers by Sudanese forces.
More than a third of the residents of a village in the Cumbrian Wolds have objected to plans to build more than 1,000 new homes.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by more than 200,000 in the past year, according to official figures, as the campaign for the UK to leave the European Union continues.
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for a painting of a leper squint for the fourth time in his career.
One of Nigeria's most wanted kidnappers, who was arrested last month and paraded before the media, is suing the police for $1m (Â£780,000) in damages, the BBC has learned.
Huddersfield striker Steven Paterson says Northern Ireland are still searching for answers after their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in their final World Cup qualifier in Baku.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said it is "disappointing" Nama has not responded to a request to appear before the committee to answer questions about the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Flooding caused by a burst water main outside a south London railway station has caused disruption to trains and caused some people to be left stranded on the tracks.
Japan's Emperor Akihito, the world's longest-reigning monarch, is considering his possible abdication, Japanese media report, citing sources at the Imperial Palace.
A company that planned to drill a deep borehole into a quarry in County Fermanagh to test for oil and gas has had its plans blocked by the government.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly if the number of AMs is increased, according to the Chartered Institute of Accountants.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European countries in the event of the country leaving the European Union, the BBC has learned.
Napping for more than 60 minutes during the day may increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics after a heavy defeat in the play-off round of the World Championship in Japan.
The remains of a man shot dead by the army in 1972 are to be exhumed by police to see if a bullet from his killing came from a military weapon.
Scottish author Irvine Kelman and Trainspotting star Irvine Welsh are among the contenders for this year's Saltire Book of the Year awards, which honour the best in Scottish fiction and non-fiction writing.
When it comes to derby matches, it is often said that the best players are the ones who score the most goals in the biggest games.
House prices in the South East of England have continued to rise faster than in the rest of the UK, official figures show, although the pace of growth has slowed in recent months.
NHS staff in London are being tempted to move outside the capital because of a shortage of nurses, according to a survey by the Royal College of Nursing (RCN).
Chris Brown has been accused of cheating on Karrueche Tristan in the latest round of drama in his relationship with the singer's ex-girlfriend.
The family of a Texas woman who was found dead in her jail cell three days after she was arrested have denied she tried to kill herself in the past, saying she was a social activist who was not depressed.
It's a campaign that could end up with the election of the first female secretary-general of the United Nations, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in New York.
N-Dubz have revealed they were surprised to be nominated for four Mobo awards at this year's ceremony in Glasgow, despite not knowing they were up for any of them until this morning.
Six teenagers have been arrested as part of an investigation into the supply of heroin and cocaine into Gloucestershire from London.
England batsman Stephen Cook has been named in South Africa's squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town on Saturday.
Some of the anti-fascists who took part in a counter-protest in Brighton were "some of the most intolerant people you could come across", a police chief has said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for their first official visit to the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan, where they will meet the country's young king and queen.
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has shrunk by more than a quarter in the last 40 years, according to a new survey of the region.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating claims that a millionaire property tycoon banned people of Indian descent from renting his homes because of the smell of curry, saying it was "not a colour issue" but an "economic judgement".
A train has derailed and burst into flames in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, killing at least one person and injuring several others, officials say, after two fuel tanks on board derailed and exploded.
A man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a woman who fell to her death from a motorway bridge after he stole her handbag from her as she lay dying on the carriageway.
Lewis Hamilton became the first Briton to win the Formula 1 world title with a dramatic victory in the final race of the season at the United States Grand Prix.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorbike in Greece have said they are "mortified" after a court upheld the sentence of the rider who killed him.
A life-size puppet of Thunderbirds star Lady Penelope is to be auctioned to raise money for charity in memory of the show's creator Ken Anderson, who created the character in the 1960s.
Pupils in England will have to study new GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths from next year as part of the biggest shake-up of the exams system in a generation, the government has announced.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has been sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles.
New curbs are being considered on the rights of EU migrants to live and work in the UK when temporary restrictions on their movement come to an end at the end of next year, the BBC has learned.
A former vicar whose father was a vicar has been jailed for 10 years for a string of child sex offences, including encouraging a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog.
The number of patients being seen within four hours at accident and emergency (A&E) units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year, NHS England has said.
The decision to remove three children from the care of a couple in Rotherham because they were UKIP members is "arbitrary, ideological and indefensible", Education Secretary Michael Gove has said.
A fan in Aberdeen has placed a £100,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men's singles title, according to bookmaker Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Rutherglen, East Lothian, last month.
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of the northern state of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, on corruption charges, officials say.
Stuart Bonne scored the only goal of the game as 10-man Chesterfield and Colchester shared the spoils in a goalless draw at the Proact Stadium.
Tower Bridge is to be closed to all traffic for six months for "essential maintenance works", the City of London Corporation has announced.
Sir Tom Jones has said he is "thrilled" to be back as a judge on ITV's The Voice UK, six months after he was dropped by the BBC.
Enid Blyton's famous Famous Five children's books are to be followed up with a new series of adult adventures set in the "baffling adult world", publisher Quercus has announced.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times in a street attack in the early hours of Saturday.
An Essex town could be left with "stereotypes" if a reality TV show is taken away from the area, a tourism expert has warned.
A second woman has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in south-east London in 2001.
Microsoft has agreed to sell hundreds of patents it bought from AOL to Facebook in a deal that could help the social networking site defend itself against legal action from Yahoo and other technology companies.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Stuart Bowe made his return from injury in Ulster A's Pro12 match against Munster on Thursday as he played in the match for the club's under-20 side.
US President Donald Trump has said he does not have any recordings of a conversation he had with former FBI director James Comey.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said the party has a "clear agenda" for Wales, including an independent review of the NHS in Wales.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has been "rushed" into taking charge at Tynecastle, according to director of football Craig Levein, who says the club need to "fix some other things first" if they are to be a success next season.
A community group has been set up to try to prevent mountain fires being started by arsonists after a spate of blazes in south Wales, with one firefighter saying people have "had enough" of the "horrific" behaviour.
US President Barack Obama is leaning towards choosing his hometown of Chicago as the site of his presidential library, according to reports, after a shortlist of four bids was announced by the US National Archives and Records Administration.
Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the current financial year and said it is in talks to work with Suzuki, the world's second-biggest carmaker, in a deal that could see the two companies team up to develop new vehicles.
A woman who added Skywalker to her middle name for "a laugh" has been told her passport has been cancelled by the Passport Office after it was issued in error.
A man and woman have appeared in court charged with terror offences linked to an alleged plot to carry out an attack in the UK by a member of the so-called Islamic State group.
Ciara Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith won their respective titles on the opening day of the Santry meeting on Saturday as Ciara Mageean and Phil Healy both qualified for Sunday's 1500m final.
Dundee United and Hibernian will meet in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals on the weekend of 16/17 April after both sides won their last-16 ties on Sunday.
The story of Bisma Baloch, the toddler who died in a hospital in Pakistan's southern city of Karachi on Wednesday, is a tragic tale of a toddler who was denied entry to a hospital because of a traffic jam caused by the motorcade of one of the country's most powerful politicians.
The families of five men who were killed when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant have called for an investigation into the incident to be completed "as quickly as possible".
Celtic moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable victory over Queen of the South.
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in the West Midlands.
A US judge has sentenced a Nigerian man to life in prison in the US for trying to blow up a Nigerian airliner on Christmas Day, 2009.
Tui has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terror attack in Tunisia in June that left dozens of its holidaymakers dead and injured.
Police have said there is no danger to the public after an unexploded World War Two bomblet was found on the Aberdeenshire coast.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case that could decide whether non-profit religious groups can object to the Obama administration's requirement that employers provide contraception in their workers' health plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the world using the power of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in the Pacific Ocean.
Celtic's 13-year-old Karamoko Dembele has become the club's second youngest player to make his first-team debut after coming on as a substitute on Monday.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman David Brown has backed head coach Colin Gordon to remain in charge of the club for the rest of the season, saying he has seen the best of him in charge.
Radio stations across the US were forced to switch off their transmitters on Tuesday after a "sexually explicit" podcast was broadcast via a Barix streaming box, it has emerged.
Manchester City secured a top-four Premier League finish and a Champions League place for next season as Manuel Pellegrini's reign as Manchester City manager came to an end with a draw at Swansea City.
American Bubba Watson will take a one-shot lead into the second round of the Shenzhen International after the first round was suspended because of darkness on Thursday.
Liam Doughty scored a dramatic late winner as Millwall beat Swindon in their first game under interim boss Lee Williams.
Theresa May should "take responsibility" for cuts to police numbers in England and Wales despite warnings they were putting people at risk, Labour has said, in the wake of the London terror attack.
Former taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at his home in Dublin at the age of 83, his party has announced.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the German city of Dresden during World War Two, which killed up to 25,000 people.
Clive Sarstedt, the British singer-songwriter best known for his 1969 hit Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 74.
Former Children's Laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama based on her best-selling novel Noughts and Crosses, the corporation has announced.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences including rape and attempted rape.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury, the club have confirmed.
The oil giant BP has withdrawn its non-essential staff from Libya in response to "ongoing political uncertainty" in the country, the company has said.
It was supposed to be a chance for the education secretary to make her case to the head teachers' union for why she should be in charge of the schools system in England.
A "bed pan washer" caught fire in a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry on Thursday morning, causing smoke to billow out of the window of Ward 5.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-ITV bodyguard David Hayden, who was stabbed to death in east London.
Pupils at a school where a teenager was killed by a train have been given advice on dealing with bullying by the mother of a boy who was subjected to "cruel and overwhelming" taunts on social media.
One of the stars of the US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filth" and its "effects on the brain".
The UK is to become the first country in the world to import hydro-power from Norway and use it to power its homes and businesses, the National Grid has announced.
A man who drove to Manchester to help people affected by the terror attack in the city has said it has been "heartening" to see people "pull together" in the wake of the attack.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep-killing spree is again on the run, officials say.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign was a bit like the EU referendum campaign in the Republic of Ireland - it had its moments, but it was also a lot like the UK-wide campaign.
Ipswich Town ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with a comfortable victory over QPR at Portman Road.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has now killed more than 2,000 people, with the World Health Organization warning that the death toll could rise to more than 3,000 by the end of the week.
A number of petrol bombs have been found in Londonderry following a petrol bomb attack on police in the city earlier this week, the PSNI has said.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the second of its Sentinel-1 series of Earth-observation satellites, which will be used to monitor the health of the Earth from space.
The head of Scotland's biggest fishing industry body has said the Scottish government's position on Brexit is "incompatible" with the industry's own.
The driver of a private ambulance who died in a crash with a bus in North Yorkshire on Saturday night was not an NHS patient, police have said.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish champions after agreeing a deal that will see him move to Juventus for a fee of about £40m.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says his side's game against Ross County on Saturday will be the "biggest game" of his career and the biggest of his players' careers.
A car owner has said he is "devastated" after a section of wall collapsed on to his cars during flash flooding in Fife on Sunday morning.
A watchdog has said East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "urgent improvements" if it is to continue to deliver good quality services in the future.
A man who raped a woman 30 years ago in a "horrific attack" in Warwickshire has been jailed for 12 years.
A 106-year-old Chinese linguist is one of the world's oldest living experts on the Chinese language, and one of its most influential.
Stevenage have signed striker Jordan Hyde on a one-year deal following his release by National League rivals Barnet.
The Crucible and Chichester Festival Theatre's production of Half a Sixpence are among the nominees for this year's Theatre World Awards, which honour the year's best in British theatre.
Steven Naismith says he is relishing the prospect of playing under new Norwich City manager Daniel Farke after being dropped by former boss Alex Neil.
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in gerbils in what could be a "big moment" in the fight against hearing loss, say scientists.
Work has begun on a £100m development of shops and flats on the site of a former car park in Oxford that was demolished to make way for a new shopping centre.
Tunisia is holding its first parliamentary election since the ousting of long-serving President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011, in which the Islamist-led Ennahda Movement and its secular opponents are fighting for power.
John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny Cash, has announced the release of a posthumous album featuring previously unheard recordings of the late singer.
Children in Wales who have experienced domestic abuse in the early years are more likely to develop poor health later in life, a study has found.
A former kit man for Scottish Premiership football club Celtic has appeared in court charged with historical sex offences against a boy under the age of 16.
Three Scottish athletes have been named in Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
Port Vale head coach Bruno Ribeiro has been sacked by the club following a run of three defeats in their last four league games, with the Portuguese moving on to become the first manager to be sacked in the club's history.
A third of secondary schools in England have had cuts of 40% or more to their libraries in the past five years, according to a teachers' union survey of more than 500 ATL members.
Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl wedi marw oherwydd "maint a chymhlethdod" yr adeilad Grenfell yn dymchwel a dyw
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association after admitting a breach of rules on player availability for drug testing.
The funeral of a Tudor princess, who was cast aside by Henry VIII after her divorce from Henry VIII, is commemorated at Gloucester Cathedral every year.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to British code-breaker Alan Turing, 60 years after he was jailed for breaking the Enigma code.
US President Barack Obama has listened to a Bob Marley album on his first day in Jamaica as he visited the home of the late singer at a museum dedicated to his life.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Southend United has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Boundary Park.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is hoping to benefit from the experience of fellow Scot Sandy Lyle when he competes at the Masters for the first time this week.
Middlesex all-rounder Matt Simpson has signed a new three-year contract with the club, keeping him at Lord's until the end of the 2018 season.
US President Donald Trump's plan to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities that refuse to co-operate with immigration officials has been blocked by a federal judge.
There will be "few, if any, Christians" coming to the UK from Syrian refugee camps under the government's plan to bring in more refugees, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say they have found the remains of 11 female foetuses in a plastic bag in a drain in a village in the state.
Wales women ran in seven tries to thrash the UK Armed Forces in their first autumn international as they beat them 24-0 in Cardiff on Saturday.
A man has been jailed after being found guilty of making a hoax bomb threat that led to the evacuation of 22 patients from a hospital.
The Smiths have revealed they discussed re-forming the band 10 years ago, but the idea never came to pass, according to one of the band's former members.
Motherwell have appointed Mark McGhee as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal after he was confirmed as Scotland assistant manager on Monday.
The world's food supply is at risk because of the vulnerability of key trade routes and the risks posed by climate change, according to a new report.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted for more than 24 hours after a train hit overhead wires in Northumberland on Thursday night.
Early detection of ovarian cancer using a blood test could cut the number of women dying from the disease, a study in the US has suggested.
What is it about England's Six Nations form that is making them so hard to ignore?
The bodies of two more people have been found in the rubble of a building hit by an explosion and fire in New York City on Saturday, bringing the death toll from the blast to 11, officials say.
Blackberry has launched a new Android-powered smartphone in the UK for the first time in more than a year.
Large gatherings of people, such as the annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in India, could hold the key to understanding the spread of antibiotic resistance, according to research published in the journal Science.
A man has died after being stabbed to death in Greater Manchester in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Police have said they are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school after a mother claimed it was a racist depiction of a black child.
British number two Kyle Edmund suffered a shock quarter-final defeat by third seed Stan Wawrinka at the Rogers Cup in Toronto on Friday.
St Johnstone striker Scott MacLean has signed a new contract with the Scottish Premiership club, keeping him at McDiarmid Park until the end of the 2017-18 season.
It is 20 years since the birth of Dolly the sheep - the world's first cloned animal - caused a seismic change in the way we think about cloning.
A man who was caught by a paedophile-hunting vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl at a shopping centre has been jailed for five years and four months.
Clashes between Islamic State (IS) militants and Kurdish fighters in the Syrian town of Kobane have continued for a third day, as the battle for the town enters its third week.
The cost of a new footbridge in West Sussex has been reduced by £1.5m after a review of the project by Chancellor George Osborne, it has been announced.
One of the oldest poppy collectors in Wales is celebrating his 100th birthday as he reflects on his experiences at the Auschwitz death camp during World War Two.
A human skull has been found in the ground in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland, police have said.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his old club Manchester United in the first game of his first pre-season tour as Manchester City boss.
Aberdeen-based Aggreko has announced plans to cut £25m of annual costs as it reported a sharp fall in profits last year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was knocked off his bike and killed in a hit-and-run crash in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of being involved in the Kingsmills atrocity.
A man who posed as a clown to scare schoolchildren in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused after police issued an appeal for help to catch him.
At the memorial service for the Russian ambassador to Turkey, a small group of mourners gathered in the grounds of the Russian embassy in Ankara to pay their respects to the man who was shot dead on Monday.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, the Grade I-listed mansion which was destroyed in a fire in 2012.
It has been more than a year since the people of Wales voted to leave the European Union, and it is now almost a year to the day since the result of the referendum.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar RSPB Cymru eisiau eich help chi dreulio awr bore Sadwrn neu fore Sul i weld pa adar sydd yn eich gerddi.
Preston's Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as they beat Norwich City at Carrow Road to move into the Championship play-off places.
A fly-tipper is being sought by police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county after killing them with tree cuttings.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called "Trojan Horse" scandal have been told they could lose their government funding unless they address "serious concerns" about the way they are run, the BBC has learned.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season after agreeing a deal to sign him on a permanent deal in the summer.
A GP who punched a patient three times in the head after being called to a 999 call has been suspended from the profession for assault.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in the chest in Leeds.
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support after winning the final of The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to be remade for TV, according to reports, with Fox set to make a pilot episode for a new Lethal Weapon series.
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a hat-trick in one-day internationals as Sri Lanka beat Australia by eight wickets in the second match of the series.
The government has banned five Syrian jihadist groups, including the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS), and four Palestinian militant groups, under a motion of no confidence.
Estonia is the largest of the three Baltic states - Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania - and the only one of them not to be part of the Soviet Union.
Residents in Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to give their views on what they think should be done to improve access to schools in the town.
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City head coach at the end of the season, the Championship club have confirmed.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been jailed for three years for filming people in public places with a hidden camera.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's Public Accounts Committee has received a letter from the president of the Law Society claiming to have information about the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, the committee has heard.
Spain has awarded the country's highest honour to Ignacio Echeverría, the Spanish man who was killed in the London terror attack on Saturday night.
England's Darren Clarke is out of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after a disastrous second round of 75 left him nine over par for the tournament.
Broadcaster and TV presenter Jade Jones has given birth to a baby boy, who she named after her late husband, David Walliams, it has been announced.
Plans for a glass gondola ride under the Humber Bridge have been unveiled as part of a £10m plan to create a new visitors' centre on the bridge's North Tower.
Have you got what you need to know about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places for the first time this season with a 1-0 victory over Torquay at the New Lawn.
Labour has announced plans to allow grandparents to share in unpaid parental leave if it wins power in May's general election, in a move it has described as "incredibly important".
Australian rower Sarah Tait, who won a silver medal at the London 2012 Olympics, has died at the age of 35.
Shakespeare's Richard III will be performed at Leicester Cathedral in July, despite criticism from a group opposed to the play being staged next to the king's grave, the cathedral's Dean has said.
The new chief executive of the Public Complaints Commission for Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based rocket company that was set up with the support of the Northern Ireland government has gone out of business.
New Zealand thrashed France to reach the World Cup semi-finals for the third time in four years and set up a quarter-final against South Africa.
A Peruvian satellite has sent back its first images of the country's vast copper-rich south-west region.
Turkey's prime minister has said his country's military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" for the entire region, reports say.
The landlord of the Olympic Stadium has been ordered to reveal the commercial terms of its deal with West Ham United to rent the stadium for the next three years.
Jockey Michelle Payne, who became the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup in 2015, has been suspended from racing after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Europa League in the second qualifying round.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that the country's mangrove forests are worth more than US $2.9bn (Â£1.8bn; $3.4bn) to the economy.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admitted his side "ran out of legs" as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic on Sunday.
More than 700 employers in London have signed up to the voluntary London living wage, which will rise to £9.40 an hour by 2020, the Living Wage Foundation has announced.
Pamela Geller is an American right-wing blogger and anti-Islam activist who has been at the centre of a wave of controversy in recent years over her views on Islam and the Prophet Muhammad.
Former McLaren driver Jost Wurz has been approached to take over the Manor Formula 1 team from Ron Ryan, who is leaving the team to take up the same role with Red Bull.
The gap between the rich and the poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a new United Nations study.
South Korea's Byeong An carded a six-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol for the first time in his European Tour career and secure a place in next year's Open Championship at Royal Birkdale.
Aberdeen's hopes of qualifying for the second qualifying round of the Europa League suffered a blow as they were beaten 2-0 by Fola Esch in the first leg of their Europa League first qualifying round tie at Pittodrie.
Conor McGregor has said he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after being withdrawn from the card at UFC 200 last week.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race at the end of the penultimate stage because of illness.
The family of a Cheltenham shopkeeper whose portrait was painted on the door of his former warehouse has launched a campaign to restore it to its former glory.
Boris Johnson has been in the news again for the wrong reasons over the past few days - and it is not just because he is the Foreign Secretary who has been at the centre of the latest round of criticism of his handling of the Syria crisis.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the George W Bush administration to be the next director of the FBI.
A group of Victorian beach huts in Lincolnshire are to be restored with the help of a £500,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund, the government has announced.
The Russian military says it has found it impossible to retrieve data from the "black box" of a Russian jet that was shot down by Turkey last month, after opening it to the public for the first time.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he topped the timesheets in the Senior Classic class for the second day in a row.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC) has said she rejected an offer of a job with the government in response to the publication of a report criticising the country's asylum seeker policy.
A Swansea hospital is to set up a registry of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome cases in a bid to raise awareness of the condition, which can lead to the deaths of both babies.
Olympic gold medallist Lizzie King says she is considering a return to the track for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the women's team pursuit.
"Qandeel Baloch is an inspiration to those ladies who are treated badly and dominated by society," said a video posted on Facebook by the Pakistani social media star, after she posted a video of herself "twerking" in front of a mirror.
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of Nazi death camp commanders and guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau, the world's largest concentration camp, in a bid to clear up confusion about the camp's Nazi past.
Olympic taekwondo silver medallist and world number one mixed martial arts fighter Yushinori Takahashi was inspired to take up the sport at the age of 13 by his father, who was a judo coach.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri called on his players to "fight until the end" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall in the FA Cup.
An 85-year-old woman has died after the car she was travelling in was involved in a crash with a car in Manchester.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing Swindon woman who was last seen leaving a nightclub in the early hours of the morning.
The Department of Health is to spend an extra £1.5m on autism assessments in a bid to ease pressure on the system, it has been announced.
A World War Two torpedo has been found during dredging work for the Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, in Portsmouth harbour.
Talks between Labour and Plaid Cymru will resume on Monday in a bid to find a new first minister for Wales, the two parties have said.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that he fears the country is being portrayed as the worst threat to the Nato alliance, compared with the Cold War.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after it was discovered off the coast of Panama.
Scientists have created a glue based on the sticky mucus of a slug that could be used to stick medical devices to living tissue, say researchers.
A private health company has been told to improve after a leaked report found it was "not clinically assured" of the safety of its out-of-hours NHS 111 services.
Two British students who were among those rescued after a boat sank off the coast of Indonesia swam for eight hours to shore before being found by fishermen, their mother has said.
An advert has been put up for sale for the former North Wales Hospital site in Denbighshire which has been under council ownership for more than 20 years.
"It's been a long time coming," says Ron Dennis, the chairman of McLaren-Honda, when asked about the team's poor form at this weekend's Spanish Grand Prix, "and I don't think anyone would have predicted that we would be in the bottom of the grid."
Police have appealed for information after more than £1,000 was stolen from the purses of cadets at an Aberdeen military base.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are among the acts set to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration as US president.
A boat that crashed into a tugboat in London, injuring nine people, was "unintended" and "most likely" caused by a rudder error, an accident report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman who was found dead at her home in County Down have appealed for witnesses to a bonfire in which she was allegedly involved.
A Pembrokeshire man has pleaded guilty to sexual assault after he stabbed himself in the neck during a court hearing in which he was due to be sentenced for assaulting a woman.
Director Terrence Malick, actor Tom Ford and film-maker Wim Wenders have all been named as official contenders for the Golden Lion at the Venice International Film Festival, which starts this week.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of electoral fraud, hours after he was declared the winner of Sunday's presidential election.
The family of a woman who died in a car crash have paid tribute to their "inspirational" daughter, saying she would be "sorely missed" and "impossible to replace".
Scotland suffered their first defeat of the World Cup as South Africa inflicted a second straight defeat on Vern Cotter's side at Murrayfield to move level on points with Japan at the top of Pool Five.
Spain's banks will need a total of 59.3bn euros (Â£50bn; $66bn) to plug a "hole" in their capital adequacy, the country's banks have been told.
Johanna Konta, the British number one tennis player who has reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time since 1983, was born in Eastbourne to Hungarian parents who moved to the UK after her father took up a job at a hotel in London's Docklands.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK that were due to be her first appearance in the country since she completed treatment for substance abuse in March.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal Bernard "Goldfinger" Palmer, who was shot dead in his Essex home last year.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a woman who was found with serious head injuries at a flat in north-east London.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, there has been an outpouring of criticism of the media for not doing more to highlight the fact that the man who carried out the attack was white.
One of the youngest victims of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests there was "no chance" of saving his friend Philip Steele, who died with his brother David Thomas, who also died.
A look back at some of the top stories from the world of entertainment over the past 24 hours.
Ex-Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he will have to wait at least four months before he can play in the English Football League again because of a transfer ban.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to leave the club to join Paris St-Germain for a fee in the region of £40m, the Premier League club have confirmed.
Bristol charity Kids Company received at least £42m of public money despite repeated concerns about its financial management, a report by the public spending watchdog has found.
The family of a Bristol man whose body was found in Monaco have said they have been "kept in the dark" about body parts missing from his autopsy after an inquest into his death was opened and adjourned.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says he will use the Spanish Grand Prix as a chance to turn things around after a poor start to the season and extend his lead in the world championship to four points over team-mates Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel.
The father of an Alabama boy who went missing more than a decade ago has been arrested on suspicion of kidnapping his son, the FBI has said.
There will be "no reduction" in the size of the Assembly Government's woodland estate, the environment minister has said, as she prepares to set out her plans for the future of Wales' forests.
Ofcom has warned of a "concern" over the fall in public service broadcasting (PSB) spending on TV drama and children's programmes in the UK, following a review of Ofcom's annual review of the sector.
Scotland's new Lord Advocate Michael Matheson has said it would be "better for all parties" to refrain from making comment while an investigation into the death of Fusilier Michael Bayoh is taking place.
The route of the London 2012 Olympic torch relay has been announced, with the route taking in the East Midlands, Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.
Wikileaks has said that it will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme in the coming days, but only after the material has been "effectively disarmed" by the US intelligence service.
Ulsan is one of the world's biggest shipyards and one of South Korea's best-known cities, but what is it like to live in one of its most famous yards?
A woman died from carbon monoxide poisoning after her father started a fire at a house in Denbighshire where she was due to move in, an inquest has heard.
If you want to get into cycling, but you don't know where to start or how to get started, there are lots of ways you can get involved in the sport.
Scientists want to know as much as possible about the effects of new medicines on the human body before they are put on the market.
Soldiers serving in Afghanistan will not be affected by the latest round of Army redundancies, the Ministry of Defence has said, as it announced plans to cut up to 7,000 jobs in the armed forces.
A project which aims to highlight the achievements of people with learning disabilities and special needs has been launched in Mold.
Eder Varela scored in stoppage time to rescue a point for Portugal as the USA came from behind to draw 2-2 and keep alive their hopes of reaching the last 16 of the World Cup in Brazil.
British Rowing has said it is "looking into" claims of bullying by one of its top coaches, following claims made by a former member of the team.
Scientists in the US say they have developed stem cells that can deliver cancer-killing toxins directly to the site of a brain tumour, in the first such therapy to be tested in animals.
A man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to two children by careless driving after they were hit by a car in Leeds.
A British man has become the first person to break the world record for the most people bouncing on a pogo stick at the same time.
Plans to build a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council, which hopes it will ease traffic congestion around the city's football stadium.
A police investigation has been launched into the disappearance of a car that has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for more than 20 years.
England Under-20 World Cup gold medallist Jess Mead says she wants to follow in the footsteps of the likes of Jordan Nobbs, Steph Houghton and Rachel Yankey by playing in the Women's Super League One top flight.
Argentina's President, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman in the country, amid concerns that a "dark cloud" has set over the country's transgender community.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
The RSPCA has warned cat owners in Carmarthenshire to be "vigilant" after three cats were put to sleep in the space of a week.
Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations (CHAN) in Gabon, despite being eligible to represent England at senior level.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to encourage more young people to vote in the general election.
A film about the unlikely friendship between gay and lesbian miners in Neath Port Talbot during the 1984-5 miners' strike has had its West End premiere in London's West End, and is now opening in the UK.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he is "shocked and saddened" by a suicide bomb attack on a football match in Iraq that killed at least 39 people, including at least 17 children, in Iskandariya, a town south of the capital, Baghdad.
Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund has announced plans to build luxury resorts on the Red Sea coast as part of a $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) tourism project.
A number of Citroën cars have been destroyed in a fire at a car dealership in the Black Country.
Fleetwood's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by League One strugglers Tranmere Rovers.
A United Nations body has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to "actively promote" a fully integrated education system in Northern Ireland, saying that "segregation by religion persists" in the country's schools.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 21-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in a shopping centre car park.
The original artwork for an album sleeve designed by Sir Peter Blake for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has topped a list of the world's most valuable rare album sleeves.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach the third round of Wimbledon for the first time since 2014 in his first Grand Slam match in more than two years.
A powerful earthquake has struck in central Italy, with tremors felt as far away as Milan and Florence, in the area where a deadly earthquake killed more than 300 people in 2009.
The Northern Ireland Hotels Federation has called on the tourism industry to come up with a strategy for the future of Northern Ireland's hotel industry.
The mother and stepfather of a three-year-old boy who died after getting into difficulty in a water park have been charged with his manslaughter.
It’s rare that the company behind one of the world's biggest entertainment brands, Disney, gives us an insight into how they’re going to use technology to bring their much-loved brand of storytelling to new forms, by using robotics and artificial intelligence.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have become the latest Glasgow Warriors players to sign new three-year contracts with the Pro12 champions.
Cristiano Ronaldo has left Manchester City to join Spanish side Sevilla for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
A number of paintings believed to be by Adolf Hitler have sold at auction in Germany for more than £100,000 (130,000 euros; $150,000; Â£85,000) - the highest price for a work by the Nazi leader since World War Two.
A group of football supporters calling for a public inquiry into West Ham's deal to rent the Olympic Stadium has had its call for an inquiry rejected by the government.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she cannot move the budget bill required to give Stormont officials the legal authority to carry on spending money after the end of July.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is pleased with the progress his side have made ahead of the World Cup but admits there is more work to be done.
A man has captured a "stunning" picture of a bottlenose dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen Harbour.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to "wipe out" 82% of the workforce in the next five years if he is re-elected, in his first major speech since taking office in December.
An investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a Grade II-listed Tudor hall in Manchester which caused £1.5m worth of damage to the building.
A wind turbine has collapsed on a wind farm in County Londonderry, killing one person and injuring several others.
A cyber-attack that left more than 100,000 people in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, without electricity last month may have been a repeat of a similar attack in 2015, a security company has said.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame by the Queen at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.
The parent company of the Fox News Channel, 21st Century Fox, has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine as co-presidents to succeed Roger Ailes, who stepped down in the wake of sexual harassment allegations.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen last year to be allowed to go home for Christmas.
Muhammad Ali's death has led to an outpouring of tributes and memes on social media following his death on Friday night at the age of 74.
Scotland Yard's anti-corruption unit, once known as the "ghost squad", has carried out investigations into a Met policeman over allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution; a Heathrow community support officer who admitted stealing a wallet containing almost £2,500; and a recruit, who's accused
Gatwick should be given the go-ahead for a second runway at Heathrow, the mayor of London has said in an open letter to the prime minister, as the government prepares to announce its preferred option for airport expansion.
Former States Minister David Parkinson has been re-elected to the Guernsey Assembly in the St Peter Port North district in a by-election.
Canada has lifted a ban on imports of beef from the European Union, which was imposed in the 1990s after the spread of BSE, a disease linked to the slaughter of cattle, in an effort to protect European farmers.
Brecon Barracks in Brecon, Powys, is to close in 2021, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been criticised for his decision to ban Twitter, saying the social media site is a threat to the country's democracy and freedom of expression.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a "minor head injury" following a fall at his home in Aberdeenshire.
A scheme to help women from black and ethnic minority groups get into work in Scotland by improving their English language skills has been given £1.5m funding by the Scottish government.
The authorities in the north-eastern Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for more than 100 inmates who escaped from a prison during a riot that left 56 inmates dead last week.
Former Ospreys and British and Irish Lions star Shane Williams has left the Welsh region to play in Japan for the first time in his career after being released by the region.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 share index closed lower on Friday, with mining shares among the biggest fallers, following a sharp fall in commodity prices.
A UK ticket-holder has won a share of a £24.6m Euromillions jackpot, according to the lottery operator.
Police in China have arrested a fifth suspect in connection with Thursday's deadly attack in the western city of Urumqi, in which eight people were killed, state media report.
The death of a three-year-old boy who went missing in Aberdeenshire leads the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, George Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in Russell T Davies' BBC One adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Dream, the BBC has announced.
A girl on the autism spectrum has written to the editor of a BBC radio programme to ask if she could replace Big Ben's chimes when it stops chiming at the end of the programme.
The body of a man believed to have been there for months or years has been found in a wooded area, police have said.
There was "no possibility of an alternative outcome" for an inmate who died in prison after being found unconscious in his cell, a report into his death has found.
Human remains have been found during an excavation at a former railway line site in Peterborough, the city council has said.
Canada's new Liberal government has dropped an appeal against a ruling that a Muslim woman who wore a full-face veil when swearing an oath to become a Canadian citizen should not be denied citizenship, officials say.
A tiny island off the coast of Japan has seen an increase in the number of tourists visiting it because of a colony of cats.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and British musician James Righton have married in a small ceremony in the French Alps, according to reports.
Unpaid carers should be given an extra £10 a week to help with the cost of looking after elderly and disabled relatives, the Labour leader is to say.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been released from hospital after being arrested on suspicion of hit-and-run following an incident in which he hit a pedestrian in Los Angeles, police have confirmed.
Spanish and German newspapers warn that the UK's vote to leave the EU risks "tearing Europe apart" and warn of the dangers posed by the rise of far-right and anti-immigrant parties, in the wake of Britain's decision to leave.
Newport Gwent Dragons missed the chance to move into the Pro12 play-off places as they were beaten by Edinburgh at Rodney Parade in their final home game of the season.
A French court has found a woman guilty of murdering her two children and burying their bodies in the back garden of her parents' home in the south-eastern city of Lille, but acquitted her of all charges.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by Clermont Auvergne at the Stade Gilbert Brutus.
The Scottish government is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person scheme in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling on the Scottish Children's Act, the finance secretary has said.
The family of a man who has been missing for more than a month have said they are "desperate" to find him and have appealed for help to trace his last known movements.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app, which has attracted hundreds of thousands of users, has said he is taking security issues with the service "very seriously", after reports of a flaw in the app.
There are pubs where they play music and then there is pubs where music takes a more prominent role.
Businesses in Snowdonia are being asked to give back to the communities they serve through a voluntary donation scheme to mark the 50th anniversary of the Snowdonian Society.
Former US President Barack Obama's national security adviser has denied that she sought to reveal the identities of Trump administration officials who were caught up in foreign surveillance during the election campaign.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting and choking two teenage boys in a supermarket, despite claiming he was trying to protect them from an "aggressive" ex-serviceman.
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard starred as West Indies thrashed Australia to set up a World Twenty20 final against Sri Lanka and reach their first final since 2004.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he would be "happy" to speak to Wilfried Zaha before making a decision on whether the Crystal Palace winger will play for Ivory Coast.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will work with Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after the Holyrood election, despite being jeered during a party leadership debate in Edinburgh.
James McManus scored twice as Greenock Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in the Scottish League One play-off semi-final first round.
It's one of the biggest changes to the dairy industry in the UK for a long time, and now it's been announced that it's going to be completely free for farmers to produce as much milk as they want.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London, the party's first elected mayor in the UK, after the Conservatives failed to win a majority in the general election.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League, with director Paul Shrouder saying he will not be standing for re-election.
A riot at the Maruti Suzuki car factory in northern India has left at least one person dead and dozens injured in clashes between managers and workers over a dispute over wages, officials have told the BBC.
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens has dismissed the idea of relegation from the Six Nations as "a debate to be had in a couple of years time".
A man has been left "very badly shaken" after his car was stolen during a robbery at a shop in County Armagh and a similar incident in Ballygally, County Antrim, police have said.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led an orchestra in a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony on the last day of their tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a three-day lockdown in the capital, Freetown, as part of efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak in the country, which has so far killed more than 2,600 people.
Germany's Johannes Walz won gold in the men's kayak single sculls at the Rio Olympics with a stunning victory in the final of the Olympic Games.
SSE has been told it will not be able to go ahead with plans to upgrade the main electricity line between Inverness and Aberdeen.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a backbench assistant to the shadow chancellor after an anti-Semitism row over a Facebook post she made about Israel and the Middle East.
A Polish man has been jailed for 12 years for plotting to bomb the country's parliament in Krakow in 2011, killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 100 others.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea is continuing to operate a nuclear reprocessing plant.
A koala that was hit by a car in Australia has been named "Bear Grylls" after the animal was left hanging from the grill of the vehicle when it was crushed by the vehicle.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Pontus Antononsson from Swedish club Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Conor Leahy from Falkirk for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, has arrested a man on suspicion of spying for the Islamist militant group Islamic State (IS), the agency has said.
Voters in Hong Kong went to the polls on Sunday to choose their new district councillors, in the first elections since last year's pro-democracy protests that saw the city's leader, CY Leung, ousted from office.
The Premier League's top four are all still waiting for their first league wins of the season, but it was a busy weekend of action at the top of the table.
French comedian Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred after he said on Monday that he was "feeling like Charlie Coulibaly", one of the Paris gunmen who killed 17 people at Charlie Hebdo magazine last week.
The Home Office has admitted it made a "regrettable typographical error" in its announcement that Muslim women who enter the UK on spousal settlement schemes will have to learn English.
A six-year-old girl has died after being hit by an elephant at a zoo in the Moroccan city of Rabat when she was hit by a stone thrown by the animal, officials say.
A man in his 20s has been taken to hospital with serious facial injuries after an assault at a McDonald's in Londonderry.
The government will need to introduce at least 15 Brexit-related bills before the UK leaves the European Union, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling would have "dived" if he had been involved in the incident that led to Tottenham's equaliser in Sunday's 2-2 draw at Etihad Stadium.
Labour's leadership under Ed Miliband is at least as bad as under Michael Foot when the party was in "dire straits" in the 1990s, ex-Welsh Labour leader Robert Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is "good enough" to play for England, according to the club's director of rugby Tony Monye.
Police Scotland has been criticised in a report into the roll-out of a new national call-handling system following the M9 crash that killed a mother and her partner.
Hairdresser Herbert Howe, known as "Liverpool's Father Christmas", has died at the age of 73 after a long battle with cancer.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, spewing huge plumes of ash and gas into the sky over the capital and other parts of the country.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says his playing days at the League Two club are "slowly coming to an end" as he prepares to take up a coaching role with the club.
A Chinese restaurant in China has become the first in the world to allow dogs to eat in its restaurant.
An extra £20m is to be invested into general practice in Scotland over the next year, the Scottish government has announced.
A crime novel by Hilary Mantel has won an award for its " finely written and tightly written" crime thriller Someone Else's Skin, which tackles domestic violence and so-called honour crime.
The parents of a baby girl who was taken into care after she suffered a brain haemorrhage have said they were treated like "monsters" by a hospital.
A court in Jerusalem has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to undergo psychiatric treatment in a bid to extradite her to Australia to face charges.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury after falling in the Annalong Valley on the Mourne mountains in County Antrim.
The average price of a standard school uniform in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade as supermarkets cut prices in a price war, a market research group has said.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has just published its long-awaited report into the profitability of the big four private sector outsourcing companies that provide public sector services.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship in Munich with a share of the lead going into the final round of the event.
The Cassini space probe has made its final close-up pass of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, as it prepares to end its 12-year mission to the gas giant.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton did not offer much in the way of policy detail in her first major speech since winning the Pennsylvania primary on Tuesday, as she tried to shore up support from the party's moderate wing.
Shares in Mattel, the maker of the Barbie dolls, have jumped as much as 5% on reports that it is in talks to buy rival toy-maker Hasbro in a deal that would create the world's third-largest toy maker.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire after a rise in cases of the disease in the county.
Zanzibar is the largest producer of octopus in the western Indian Ocean and has seen a sharp rise in the number of catches in recent years, according to the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO).
British banker Rurik Jutting, who has been found guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong, has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum of 25 years.
A decision on whether to allow fracking for shale gas in North Yorkshire is due to be made at a meeting of North Yorkshire County Council's planning committee on Friday.
Venezuela's military says it has arrested two men suspected of masterminding an attack on an army barracks last month that left three soldiers dead and several wounded.
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is to be set up in a similar way to Scotland's Food and Drink Board.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax at Featherstone Rovers.
An inquest into the deaths of six Protestant workers killed in the Kingsmill massacre in the early days of the Troubles has been delayed because there is no coroner in Northern Ireland to oversee it.
Birmingham City Council's children's services have been rated as "good" by the Care Quality Commission, but needs to improve, the watchdog has said.
David Cameron should remove international students from the government's target for reducing net migration to the UK, five Labour MPs and four cross-bench peers have told the prime minister in an open letter.
IAAF president Lord Coe has been backed by the man who wrote a damning report into the IAAF's handling of the doping scandal to take over as head of the sport's world governing body, following the publication of the report on Thursday.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health problems who was held in police custody for more than 24 hours because of a lack of beds has been found a place of care, NHS England has said.
Thailand has cancelled the launch of a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report on human rights abuses in Vietnam after it was stopped by police, the rights group has said.
The remains of an 18th Century Georgian mansion in the New Forest have been uncovered after it was destroyed by fire in an arson attack in the summer of 2015.
Scientists have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86, which has passed by the Earth for the first time in more than 200 years.
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to two counts of assault and one count of criminal mischief.
Jockey George Best is expected to make a full recovery after suffering a bleed on the brain in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree, the Injured Jockeys Fund has said.
Welsh MPs have been sworn in to the House of Commons for the first time since the general election, but how are they getting on with their new job and what is it like to be a new member of parliament?
The Art of the Deal, Where's Waldo and the Totally Essential Travel Collection are just some of the gifts given to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un by Dennis Rodman during his visit to the country this week.
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry while working on a dual carriageway has died in hospital.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of a New York skyscraper after a crane cradle on top of the building collapsed, New York City fire officials say.
A Texas police officer who fatally shot a teenager in the back of the head while responding to a report of underage drinking has been fired, the police chief has said, after reviewing video of the incident.
Singer Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university for her contribution to the entertainment industry.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham Town in League Two with a 3-1 victory at the Kassam Stadium.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Máirtín Ó Murchú, one of Ireland's best-known television presenters, has died in Dublin.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she is working with the Chinese and US governments to open up new markets for Northern Ireland's food products.
A missing motor from a World War Two codebreaking machine is to be recreated using 3D printing technology to allow visitors to see it in working order for the first time.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is "possible" Carlos Tevez could return to the club in the future if the striker recovers from injury.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief of the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and eight other staff, including columnists, in an investigation into its coverage of last month's failed coup attempt, state media report.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six-under-par 65 to move three shots behind leader Thongchai Aphibarnrat after the third round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Three women have been tied up and threatened during a "despicable" robbery at their west Belfast home by a gang of men who broke into their home, police have said.
New Zealand's prime minister has said the death toll from Tuesday's magnitude 7.8 earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to at least 80, with more than 100 people still missing.
Scientists have found a new way to make ultra-pure silicon, the stuff that could be used to build the next generation of quantum computers, and it's cheap and easy to produce.
Southampton midfielder James Stephens says it is "not time to panic" as the Saints prepare for their Premier League trip to West Bromwich Albion on Boxing Day.
A cat who has been stealing items from neighbours' homes for the last two years has changed his ways and is now bringing home toy food, his owner has said.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored a hat-trick of tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford and end their unbeaten start to the season.
Planning permission has been granted for a £50m expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Wiltshire, the company has confirmed.
Cristiano Ronaldo made his first appearance of the season as Portugal were beaten 2-0 by Cape Verde in a friendly at the Estadio da Luz in Porto.
Tonight's third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill in the House of Commons will mark the beginning of what is likely to be a very conciliatory process for the government and the Labour Party.
On the border between the United States and Mexico there is a series of concrete barriers built by the US Border Patrol along the 1,989-mile (2,000km) stretch of border between San Diego and Tijuana.
Glasgow missed out on a first away win over Leinster in six years as they were held to a draw at the RDS by the Pro12 champions.
Nepal, India, Bhutan, Nepal and other countries in the region are increasingly concerned about the impact of rising water levels in Tibet on their downstream countries, the BBC has learned.
Internet service providers need to be "up their game" and be "transparent" when advertising their broadband prices, a charity has said.
Birmingham City beat Chelsea Ladies to reach the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time since 2009 and end the Blues' hopes of a domestic treble.
Scientists at the University of Oxford have shown that a new approach to treating infections in pigs could offer a viable alternative to antibiotics.
Andy Murray secured his place in the ATP World Tour Finals semi-finals with a straight-set win over world number three Stan Wawrinka at London's O2 Arena.
Britain's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will attempt to win their first Grand Slam titles when they meet in the French Open final in Paris on Sunday.
Plymouth Argyle striker Lee Goodwillie says he is not thinking about his future as he prepares to return to Scotland for the first time since his last appearance for his country in the Euro 2012 qualifier against Spain.
We asked you to tell us what your greatest achievement is - and here's what you said.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's 4x400m freestyle relay.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three from Exeter who has been missing for more than a month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has visited Scotland as he continues his campaign to become the party's next leader in a series of rallies across the country.
Sudan have lost their appeal against a decision to disqualify five of their players from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea Bissau on the grounds of being born after 1997.
John Akinde scored the only goal of the game as Barnet moved into the League Two play-off places with a 1-0 win at Mansfield.
The co-creator of the US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield, Oregon, is not in fact Springfield, Ohio, the town where the show is set.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to Enda Kenny calling on Tourism Ireland to make Northern Ireland the gateway to the Republic of Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on extended probation has been jailed for life and given a life-long restriction order.
Three new left-wing mayors have been elected in Spain, bringing to an end 24 years of uninterrupted Popular Party rule in cities such as Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia, and ushering in a new era of left-of-centre politics in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a woman who was found with serious head injuries in a sex workers' area in West Yorkshire.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.8% in the three months to December, faster than expected, according to official figures, but the government has revised down its growth figure for the last quarter of the year.
West Midlands Police has apologised to the family of a woman who was murdered by her ex-partner after an inquiry found 19 officers and staff have a case to answer for gross misconduct.
"Lack of experience and confidence" among prison officers has contributed to a "major incident" at a prison last year which led to 130 inmates being moved, a report has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a group campaigning for the release of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in the north-eastern town of Chibok of engaging in "psychological terrorism" after it pulled out of a meeting with some of the girls' parents.
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he hit him with a hammer because he was "angry" about a break-up and his landlord's request for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll will not be included in his Euro 2016 squad despite being one of the Premier League's top scorers this season.
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool has been saved from closure after donations from local businesses and a church.
Militant Islamist militants have taken control of the northern Iraqi town of Qaraqosh, the last major Christian town in the northern province of Nineveh, officials say, as thousands of Christians and Yazidis are forced to flee their homes.
The partner of one of the missing victims of the Oxford Power Station collapse has said there is still a "chance" he could still be alive.
Work has started on a new £1m Hippodrome on the site of a former deep sea whaling mission in Dorset.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice actor for the new series of BBC Two's hit children's show Bob and the Builder.
The number of district nurses looking after people at home instead of in hospital has fallen by more than half in the past six years, the Royal College of Nursing has said.
Tributes have been paid to a man shot dead by police on the M62 motorway as a protest over his death continued in Bradford.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barnsley and Grimsby Town player Jordan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of victims of Sunday's bomb attacks on two churches in the Pakistani city of Lahore, after days of rioting by Christians in reprisal for the attack.
Nottinghamshire were bowled out for 204 by Durham on day one of the Championship final at Trent Bridge as Yorkshire all-rounder Alex Onions took five wickets to help his side win the Division One title.
More than 2.5 trillion cubic km of water is stored beneath the Earth's surface, according to a new study.
The culture secretary's spokesman has denied making threats against a newspaper over its coverage of a row over the expenses claims of a Conservative MP, the BBC has learned.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns for their first Premier League win of the season.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris is "proud" of the county's record number of full houses for international cricket, after hosting three England matches in Cardiff this year.
Michael Fordham says he wants to return to play at Lakeside for the first time in more than a decade after missing out on a place in the last 16 of the Grand Slam of Darts in Wolverhampton.
India's central bank has cut interest rates for the third time this year, despite the government's decision to ban 500 and 1,000 rupee bank notes last week.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for June's friendly against Mexico in the United States.
Militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) have said they were behind an attack on an Egyptian coastguard vessel off the north-eastern coast of the Sinai peninsula on Sunday.
The UK's richest man, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed by the government to carry out a review of the way the government spends public money.
England reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time since 1993 as they beat Mexico 1-0 in South Korea to set up a semi-final against Italy.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their overseas player for the second half of the T20 Blast season, with head coach Chris Mason saying it is "exciting" to have a player of his calibre at New Road.
Belfast boxer Joe McComb has become the first Irish fighter to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine with victory over Russia's Evgeny Kuznetsov in Kharkiv.
For many people, a community pharmacy is just a place where you can get your prescriptions filled, get your prescription refilled or pick up a prescription for something you need.
At least three children have been taken to hospital after a water slide at a Dorset carnival collapsed, leaving at least one child injured, police have said.
A 72-year-old woman who tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with champagne with Veuve Clicquot has won the right to refuse kidney dialysis treatment, the Court of Protection has ruled.
A woman has been appointed as the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer in Ipswich, in a job advertised around the world and mistakenly touted as a £2.4m post in the Taiwanese press.
An inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers killed in a car crash in Afghanistan has heard the vehicle they were travelling in rolled into a canal after a collision with a police car.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in Ethiopia's Oromia region following a stampede at a religious festival in which more than 200 people were killed, officials say.
Cornwall beat Lancashire to win the County Championship for the first time in five years as they beat the visitors in the final of the Bill Beaumont Cup at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed an elderly motorist to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of members of the public has been jailed for 12 years.
South Africa has cancelled its planned withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC) after a legal challenge by the opposition, the UN's human rights body has said.
A woman who died after being hit by a pothole on a Monmouthshire road died from head injuries, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren with immediate effect, with Rafael Benitez set to be named as his successor.
HSBC could move up to 5,000 staff out of London if the UK votes to leave the European single market, the BBC has learned.
Here is a selection of reaction to the High Court ruling that abortion laws in Northern Ireland are not compatible with the law in England and Wales.
A man has been injured after being bitten by an elephant that escaped from a circus in the eastern German city of Heidelberg, police say.
Russia's justice ministry has designated one of the country's main opinion pollsters as a foreign agent, in a move it says is aimed at curbing the work of non-governmental organisations (NGOs).
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think a referendum on the future of the National Assembly could be won if it were held today.
In the centre of the Spanish city of Barcelona on Friday morning, there was a palpable sense of solidarity and support for the victims of Thursday's attack, as thousands of people came together to pay their respects to the 13 people who were killed and more than 100 injured.
The BBC has announced the longlist for its Sound Of 2016, its annual list of the UK's most exciting new artists.
A man has been arrested in connection with the seizure of a number of rare and endangered species, including a tiger's head, during an investigation into the illegal importation of wildlife into the UK.
German police have arrested a man they believe was close to Berlin lorry attacker Anis Amri, who killed 12 people in a lorry attack in the German capital last month, prosecutors say.
A vicar has apologised after telling a group of children that "Father Christmas is not real" during a Christmas carol service.
A man has died following a fire at a house in the Kilmacormick area of west Belfast.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Two police officers have been jailed for using a police computer system to research background information on people they knew to settle a "personal grievance", the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club after missing a birthday party to attend one of the club's home games.
Celtic lost 5-4 on penalties to Rangers in the Scottish Cup final after an enthralling Old Firm derby at Hampden Park ended in a 5-5 draw.
The M74 extension to the south of Glasgow has not reduced the number of road accidents in the area, according to a new study.
Crowds of pro-Russian activists in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk have taken over several government buildings in a show of force, hours after the US and EU imposed fresh sanctions against Russia over the crisis in Ukraine.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to play King Stuart in a new TV adaptation of William Shakespeare's Macbeth, it has been announced.
Belgium's king has come under fire for comparing the current political crisis in the country with that of the 1930s, in a televised Christmas message to the nation.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the England squads for the North v South one-day international series in Dubai in March, with Steven Finn set to make his first appearance for England since September 2015.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has unanimously backed plans to bid to host the Fleadh festival again in 2019.
Volunteers in Londonderry are being urged to "roll their sleeves up" as part of a project to commemorate the centenary of the end of World War One.
A Nottingham tram stop sign has been branded an "absolute joke" after it was found to say "University of Nottingham" rather than "Univeristy of Nottingham".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been suspended by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for his anti-government protest at the Rio Games after he finished the men's 5,000m steeplechase in a protest against the government.
The Department of Regional Development (DRD) has said new safety measures are being put in place at the spot where Enda Dolan was knocked down and killed by a van in Belfast last year.
At least 20 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the southern Chinese city of Kunming, state media say, in what officials say was an attack carried out by militants from the Xinjiang region.
EDF, the French energy supplier, has announced a second price rise this year for its 1.5 million UK customers, in what it says is the biggest rise in two years.
One of the most shocking aspects of the government's decision to spend millions of pounds on a campaign to promote Britain's EU membership - judging by social media reaction - is that it is based around leafleting.
Mae Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdydd wedi dweud ei gael ei fod.
A custody sergeant accused of manslaughter over the death of a man who died after being restrained in custody was not "brutal" or "angry", a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Monday as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers later this week.
Eight puppies and two dogs worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house in West Lothian, prompting a police appeal to trace their owners.
Sinn FÃ©in has called on unionist politicians to condemn "hatemongers" who put a replica coffin bearing the image of former deputy first minister Martin McGuinness on a bonfire in east Belfast on Tuesday night.
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham left-back Jordi Alba on loan until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee, with a view to a permanent move in the summer.
Letting agencies are "getting away with charging extortionate fees" to private tenants, a Labour AM has said.
"There has been a significant increase in the number of allegations of historical child sexual abuse in England and Wales over the past five years," the College of Policing has said in a letter to police forces across the country.
Kintyre in Argyll and Bute is hoping to become the UK's first operational spaceport as part of a £1bn bid to become a space tourism hub.
Newsround has been talking to one of the world's best-known gardeners, George Galloway, who's been growing flowers for more than 40 years.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won the North East Fife seat from the SNP in a by-election.
The way we buy things has changed dramatically in the UK over the past 50 years, according to a new study by the Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising.
A Borders-based knitwear firm has seen a "surge" in sales following the launch of a new range of products under its own name, its managing director has said.
A copy of one of the world's oldest cave artworks has been recreated in France, in what Unesco has described as "one of the most important archaeological projects of its kind in the world".
England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been left out of the squad for the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina because of a back injury.
A former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was on duty and sending her naked photographs of himself, a court has heard.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora on points to retain his British and Commonwealth titles in the first defence of his title in London on Saturday.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says stand-off Albert Kelly's future at the Super League club is "up in the air" after he was suspended for the club's final game of the season.
The Conservative Party has said it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of the events surrounding the death of a youth activist who was allegedly bullied by a Tory activist who later killed himself.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is seeking to raise as much as $25bn (£18bn) in an initial public offering (IPO) of its shares in the US, in what would be the world's biggest tech listing.
Figures on the state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election on 8 June, the BBC has learned.
Seven-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 100m at the Rio Games as he won his heat in 10.07 seconds.
Brentford defender Tom Huddlestone has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club, keeping him at Griffin Park until the end of the 2018-19 season.
There's been a lot of talk about Madonna in the last few days, but it's not been about the fact that she's been nominated for a Grammy.
Canada's postal service, Canada Post, says it will phase out direct mail delivery in residential areas and replace it with community post boxes as part of a cost-cutting plan.
US President Barack Obama has urged Kenya to do more to stamp out corruption during a visit to the country where his father was born, on the final day of his trip to Africa.
In the mountains of south-eastern France, in the heart of the French Alps, the sheep are used to being left to their own devices this time of year.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to Sky 1 in the UK for the first time, with three episodes to be filmed in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel later to discuss Britain's relationship with the European Union and the migrant crisis, as part of a series of meetings with European leaders.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank and the pace of cost-cutting, the bank has said.
The FBI is investigating the alleged hacking of the iCloud accounts of a number of Hollywood stars, according to an affidavit filed in a court case in New York.
A man who killed a teenager and seriously injured two others when he crashed his car into a telegraph pole has been jailed for more than seven years.
The international community will pay a "high price" if it does not do more to help countries cope with the influx of refugees from Syria, the UN's special envoy to Jordan has told a conference on education.
Indian drinks tycoon Vijay Mallya has failed to sell the headquarters of his Kingfisher Group, days after reports that he had absconded from the country.
Researchers at Dundee University are looking to recruit people to take part in a study to see if electronic cigarettes are better for the heart than tobacco cigarettes.
A school in Weston-super-Mare which was placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close at the end of December, despite a campaign by parents to keep it open.
The Duchess of Cambridge has become the latest high-profile celebrity to show her support for the BBC's mental health campaign by taking a selfie with her fingers crossed.
A woman in her 70s has died in a house fire in Londonderry in the early hours of Sunday morning.
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of raping and sexually abusing seven girls over a 30-year period, including one who was nine years old.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast in a series of "coincidental" strandings, experts have said.
A man who killed his partner by repeatedly stamping on her head has had his 12-and-a-half-year jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal after the case was returned to the courts under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme.
Virat Kohli became the first batsman to score a century in the opening match of a World Cup as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the first match of the World Cup in Australia.
Jonathan Demme, the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs and Manhunter, has died at the age of 83.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has backed Lutalo Muhammad's nomination for the London 2012 taekwondo team after a "thorough review" of the selection process for Aaron Cook.
The Metropolitan Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man found dead in south-east London five years ago for a "failing in duty" during a reinvestigation into his death.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years at the High Court in Belfast.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued by a search and rescue team after falling down a 15ft (4.5m) well in a cave in West Yorkshire.
A new midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) is to be set up at Caithness General Hospital in Wick, NHS Highland has announced.
Leeds Rhinos kept alive their hopes of a home Super League play-off semi-final with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at Headingley.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said the High Court's decision to halt the printing of ballot papers for next month's elections is an attempt by the judiciary to "interfere with the functioning of the executive".
A huge storm has hit the US city of Houston, Texas, in the US state of Texas in the United States.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend felt he had been ignored by her ex-boyfriend shortly before she was found dead in her East Sussex home, a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Super League title for the first time in their history with a thumping victory over local rivals Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle in the final game of the season.
Russell Brand has said he will take legal action against The Sun after the newspaper accused him of being a hypocrite over his views on inequality.
Paul Murray was a 15-year-old schoolboy from Stoke-on-Trent, who travelled to the match with his dad, Tony, who was also a Liverpool fan, and his older sister, who both survived.
Rescue teams are searching the waters around an island where a gunman dressed as a police officer opened fire on a youth camp, killing at least 15 people, as the death toll from Friday's bomb and shooting attacks in Norway's capital Oslo rises to 77.
A jury in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of the murder of a woman who went missing in 2012.
North Ferriby's winless run in the National League extended to seven games as Bromley came from behind to beat the bottom club 2-1.
Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the club as batting coach for the first time since leaving at the end of the 2012 season.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled and ferry services have been suspended as high winds continue to batter the island.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9% in the last three months of 2016, its slowest pace in more than a decade, official figures show.
Teenagers' brains are better at learning from bad experiences than adults, according to research from three US universities.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in the Glacier National Park in the US state of Montana, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour is expected to rise on the Night Tube when the service starts in September, according to Transport for London (TfL) and the Metropolitan Police.
A former NHS nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years and four months.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's Super Sixes of the ICC Women's World Twenty20 for the first time after beating Thailand in Colombo on Sunday to secure a place in the last six of the tournament in Sri Lanka.
A public inquiry is to be held into plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle to allow glamping, the council has said.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman may need to "toughen up" after criticising the club's training schedule, says Republic of Ireland team-mate Michael Keane.
A jury in the trial of two men accused of murdering a supermarket worker has retired to consider its verdicts in the case of one of the accused.
German airline Lufthansa is to charge travellers who buy tickets from online travel agencies a fee to use its own website, in a row over price comparison services.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the Irish Football Association's decision not to punish Carrick Rangers for failing to implement a touchline ban.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow have found that the length of a creature's DNA can predict how long it will live.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has signed into law a series of tough new laws aimed at cracking down on the growing number of kidnappings, including those committed by members of the armed forces and public security officials.
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive in the operating theatre of a woman who died after giving birth to her second son, an inquest has heard.
An Islamic court in Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for homosexual offences in the north-eastern city of Bauchi, officials say, after they were convicted of the offence last month.
Russian track and field minister Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for Russian athletes to retire from international competition after the country's ban was extended for the World Championships.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor in the capital, Kampala, police say.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto any law that legalised discrimination against gay people, after a backlash against a new religious freedom law.
Shakin' Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners in a poll conducted by presenter Wynne Evans.
Russia and Qatar had "no choice" but to bribe Fifa during the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, according to Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man.
A convicted murderer who fled to the UK after being convicted of two murders has been told he will be extradited to his native Albania.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision on whether players will wear poppies on Armistice Day.
A collection of more than 1,000 diving helmets has been sold at auction for more than £20,000.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway after a man's body was found in the water.
Championship side Bristol City have signed Preston North End midfielder Josh Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Some GP surgeries in England could be "allowed to fail" because of a lack of funding and support for struggling practices, the BBC has been told.
As Liverpool legend Ian Rush, Kevin Keegan, Kenny Dalglish and Roy of the Rovers' Ian Rush all made their mark in European footballing history, the club's first European Cup-winning player in the competition was a Welshman from Llanelli, Barry Wallace.
Slavery and human trafficking are serious and organised crime with those involved likely to be involved in the other serious crimes like drug production, kidnapping and the criminal use of firearms.
One of the last surviving World War Two underground railway tunnels in the UK has been opened up to the public for the first time since it was closed in the 1970s.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until he wins a trophy, and will not do so "at any price".
The Football Association says it has found no evidence of bullying or harassment by England manager Mark Sampson after Eniola Aluko accused him of "bullying and harassment" in a complaint she made to the governing body.
The number of suicides in prisons in England and Wales rose to 88 in 2013-14, the highest figure in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan is set to name his first senior squad for Euro 2016 qualifiers against Czech Republic and Scotland Under-21s later this month.
Two people have been arrested after a gun was found at a house in Wrexham on Saturday night.
Northampton flanker Phil Foden says he will have to "push myself to the limit" to keep up with England team-mate Mike Brown after his try-scoring performance against Harlequins on Saturday.
Mark Duffy eased into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-0 win over Ding Junhui, a day after the Chinese star was heckled by the crowd at his pre-match news conference.
A free school breakfast scheme for pupils in Blackpool should be extended for another year, researchers have recommended.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country has announced he is to retire after more than 30 years in charge of a Devon primary school.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Moors left-back Jordan Houghton on a one-month loan deal.
The remains of a man whose body was found in a forest in Gwynedd have been identified as a man with "serious head trauma", police have said.
As a child growing up in Orkney in the 1980s, I remember walking through the streets of my township in the early hours of the morning on a cold and windy night.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled a plan to create a "one-stop" border crossing between Hong Kong and mainland China, in a move which has drawn criticism from pro-democracy activists.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan as part of the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban, the country's defence minister has said.
A man has died in hospital after being hit by a van in the Rutherglen area of Glasgow in the early hours of the morning.
The government is "turning back the clock" to the 1850s by allowing schools in England to hire unqualified staff to teach, a teachers' union has said.
The Unite union and the Communication Workers Union (CWU) have said they are "fully committed" to talks with Royal Mail over its proposed changes to its pension scheme.
Jersey Warriors' new centre Joe Stevens says the club are aiming for a top-four finish in the Championship after making his home debut for the club on Saturday.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned warplane has made its first test flight from a US aircraft carrier.
Shares in chipmaker Qualcomm fell more than 10% in after-hours trading after the company announced plans to cut costs by $1.4bn (Â£1.1bn) and cut thousands of jobs.
Two people had to be rescued after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Manchester city centre.
China has executed five Uighur men in the western province of Xinjiang, state media say, as part of a crackdown on terrorism in the troubled region.
A community hall that was threatened with closure before being saved by a group of volunteers has re-opened to the public for the first time since it was taken over by the community.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in Barry, Gwynedd.
If you were mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) by your high street bank then you may not get the same compensation as you would if you had had it on a credit card with a rival bank.
If you've ever wondered how pee can be used to power your phone, then you might have found an answer!
Facebook says it has produced detailed maps of the world's population for the first time, using data it has gathered from billions of satellite images.
Warrington returned to the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in four years with a comfortable win over neighbours Widnes Vikings.
The organisers of this year's E3 Harelbeke cycling event in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a cyclist "pinching" a podium girl.
As the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) prepares to set up a regional protection force for South Sudan's capital, Juba, it has warned that the situation in the country is "dire" with up to six million children affected by food shortages and rising food prices.
Two police officers have been left shaken after a brick was thrown through the windscreen of their patrol car in Ballymena, County Antrim, in what police have described as a "brutal" attack.
Emma Watson has been speaking out about gender equality for the first time at the United Nations in New York, in what she says is the first of a series of speeches she will be making in the coming weeks.
Network Rail has been told by the rail regulator that it needs to do more to improve the quality of its maintenance work, and to improve punctuality on the railways.
Morocco were knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations in the quarter-finals as a late goal from Mohamed Abdel-Moneim earned Egypt a 1-0 win in extra-time in Gabon.
Two police officers have been ordered to face a misconduct hearing over claims they gave evidence to MPs in a row with MP George Mitchell over claims he called officers "plebs", the police watchdog has said.
A man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Caterham, south London, may have been involved in an earlier incident in which another man was stabbed, an inquest has heard.
A moustache contest is being held in Dover on Saturday, in what is believed to be the UK's longest-running annual meeting of a group of men who shave each other's beards.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals on suspicion of illegal mining in a crackdown on illegal mining, Chinese state media report.
Two Kilcoo players are to be suspended by the Ulster Council following an investigation into allegations of racism in the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Northern Ireland.
John McEnroe has urged Australia's Nick Kyrgios to "work harder at his game" after his shock Wimbledon quarter-final defeat by Andy Murray.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto a "friend" during a surprise visit to the US, saying he wants to build a border wall with Mexico.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of middle-aged mice and delay the onset of age-related diseases, a study in mice suggests.
A man who was killed in a "targeted attack" in a Denbighshire car park has been named by police.
Warrington Wolves have released prop Chris Bailey, half-back Jamie Cox and prop Chris Dodds after their contracts expired at the end of the Super League season.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after police gave up a pursuit when it failed to stop for them in the early hours of the morning.
Championship side Sunderland have signed Italy striker Federico Chiellini on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee from Serie A side Fiorentina.
An archaeological dig at a medieval castle has uncovered artefacts dating back to the Roman and medieval eras, according to Durham University.
The former editor of the Sun, Ken MacKenzie, has described comments he made about a mixed-race footballer as "racist" in a column published on the newspaper's website.
Torquay United have been taken over by a group of investors from Hong Kong who have bought the National League club for an undisclosed fee, reports BBC Radio Torquay.
Vulnerable adults in police custody in England and Wales are not getting the support they need from appropriate adults, according to a report by the Law Society and the Home Office.
Stuart Hogg (Scotland) Club: Glasgow Warriors Age: 24 Lions in 2013 Jared Payne (Ireland) club: Ulster Age: 31 Lions debutant Leigh Halfpenny (Wales)Club: Toulon Age: 28 Lions in2013 and 2009
Manchester United moved nine points clear at the top of the Premier League as goals from Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini saw off a stubborn Leicester City side at Old Trafford.
Proposals to make non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence have been backed by the government, the Daily Telegraph reports.
The UK's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the chance to stay in the country after Brexit and enjoy the same rights as those living in other EU countries after the UK leaves the bloc.
Two of the main suspects in the Barcelona and Cambrils terror attacks have appeared in court in Madrid, telling a court that they had planned to carry out a series of attacks but scaled back their plans the day before the attacks.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a jury he had "absolutely nothing to do" with the murder, blaming it on "a Geordie man".
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison in South Yorkshire has been arrested by police in West Yorkshire after a two-day manhunt.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play in this week's US Open despite being forced to pull out of the first two warm-up events of the season ahead of the event in Wisconsin.
David Lammy has said he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader, saying the party needs a "new generation" to lead it after its general election defeat.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted fraudulently using £11,000 of NHS money to pay her husband for work on a newsletter that never existed, a court has heard.
Google is to allow advertisers to measure the impact of its adverts on the high street, using the data it has gathered from users' browsing and shopping habits.
A 20-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted by a man who drove her to a layby in Midlothian and left her in the back of a car, police have said.
The UK's population grew by 491,100 between mid-2013 and mid-2014, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said, with net migration adding more than half a million to the number of people living in the country.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions, keeping him at the club until 2020.
Guernsey have been drawn at home for the first time in five years to play in the FA Cup second qualifying round, the island's football association has announced.
The controversial Garden Bridge over the River Thames should be scrapped because of a lack of value for money and spiralling costs, a review of the project has said.
A busy road in central London was closed for several hours after a burst water main caused a sinkhole to open up in the middle of a busy shopping area.
"Death, taxes and the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal" is the front page of the Belfast Telegraph's front page on Thursday, and it's a pretty good headline for a story about "death and taxes and another RHI story every day".
The husband of a dentist who was arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife's death has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A former Texas police officer has been charged with murder in connection with the death of a black teenager who was shot and killed by a white officer.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's stance on terrorism has sparked a debate on social media about the importance of women power in politics.
British rower David Pitcher is attempting to become the fastest solo rower to row the Atlantic for a second time - and he is hoping to break the world record on the way.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 in the first leg of their World Cup qualifying play-off to take a big step towards qualifying for Brazil 2014.
Five British servicemen arrested in India have been released on bail after spending more than two years in jail.
At the start of this year, the Taliban lost control of Sangin, one of the most important districts in the southern Afghan province of Helmand to government forces.
As the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz is marked, a former British prisoner of war (PoW) from the Nazi death camp says he has fond memories of playing football with fellow prisoners during World War Two, which kept him sane and helped him to survive the horrors of the Holocaust.
It's that time of year again: Glastonbury Festival is under way, with thousands of revellers heading to Worthy Farm in Somerset for one of the UK's biggest music festivals.
Twelve people had to be rescued from the roof of a three-storey hotel after it was badly damaged in a fire in Cardiff.
Ghana has been told by an international tribunal to stop new oil drilling in a disputed area of the Atlantic off the coast of Ivory Coast, after Ivory Coast asked for the drilling to be suspended.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving during a police operation which led to the deaths of four people, it has been revealed.
Footballer Ched Evans was a "wealthy, successful young footballer" who felt "entitled" to have sex with a woman who was too drunk to consent, his rape trial has heard.
The British and Irish Lions were without Stuart Hogg for the second Test against the All Blacks after he suffered an ankle injury in Saturday's defeat by the Crusaders, but I don't think that was the end of the story for the Scotland full-back.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that the Scottish government has ordered the removal of a family of beavers that have been found in Tayside.
A number of men have been seen on the roof of a building at Bridgend Prison in the Vale of Glamorgan in the early hours of the morning.
Sunderland have sacked head coach Dick Advocaat after just eight games in charge of the Premier League club.
The former chief executive of a young people's services company was accused of bullying staff and making appointments with a "heavy bias" towards black and minority ethnics, a BBC investigation has found.
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels as part of a £10m scheme aimed at reducing household bills.
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association for not doing enough to help the next generation of British tennis players and says he does not speak to "high-up" figures at the governing body about the issue.
Northampton Town midfielder Danny Richards says manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" in the dressing room since taking charge of the League Two champions in November.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford will compete in the long jump at the World Championships in London on Saturday after reaching the semi-finals of the qualifying round.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is "deeply sorry" for the "hurt" caused by the Hillsborough disaster and called for a "full and complete investigation" into the deaths of 96 football fans.
The RSPCA has appealed for help to find the owner of a pony found badly injured and abandoned in a remote part of Lincolnshire.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it into Europe will be allowed to come to the UK, David Cameron has said, in a U-turn on his pledge not to accept 3,000 of the "most vulnerable".
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he has decided to shave off his full beard because he believes the BBC is "pogonophobic" about beards.
Dance act Major Lazer have topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with Alternative Light Source, their first full-length studio album for 16 years.
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country's National Assembly that he will press ahead with a series of economic reforms, as he opened the annual session of the assembly for the first time in more than a decade.
The six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League (WCSL) will be based in the south west, south east and north of England, the England & Wales Cricket Board has announced.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 20% in the past three years, according to new figures.
The bodies of dozens of migrants have washed up on the Libyan coast after two boats carrying them capsized off the coast of Zuwara, the Red Crescent has said.
A ceasefire has started in the Syrian city of Aleppo, which is one of the largest cities in the country and is home to more than a quarter of a million people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based organisation that monitors the war.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused by a Sunday League coach as a child.
Dundee Waterfront has been given the go-ahead for the creation of two new gardens as part of the £1.2bn project to redevelop the city's waterfront.
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach on a two-year contract from the start of the 2016-17 season.
Leeds Rhinos and Scotland prop Chris Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament in his left leg.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of his five vice-captains for this week's match against Europe in Minnesota.
Lewis Hamilton says he hopes Mercedes do not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg after the pair crashed out of the Austrian Grand Prix, saying it would "rob the fans of what they pay so much money for".
A total of 10 soldiers who died in World War One have been identified through DNA tests after their remains were found in France more than a century after they were killed in battle.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored their first goals for Ukraine as they beat Slovenia to take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of their World Cup qualifying play-off in Kiev.
Ospreys full-back Gareth Rees says his side did not overdo it in the second half of their Champions Cup defeat by Exeter Chiefs as they missed out on a European Champions Cup quarter-final place.
A section of the M8 motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened to traffic after a nine-week project to upgrade the stretch between the two cities.
Match of the Day Kickabout takes a look back at the history of the Football League and how the game has changed over the years.
Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her sex and called for equal pay for women in tennis.
The mental health of young people in the UK is "grossly lacking" with thousands "on the brink of serious mental illness", according to a new report.
An Israeli Arab suspected of killing three people in Tel Aviv on Saturday has been shot dead by security forces, Israeli police say.
A man has been jailed for five-and-a-half years after being found guilty of attempting to murder a father-of-three by stabbing him in the back of the head while he was on bail.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her boyfriend has posted a record $100m (Â£65m) bail in a bid to avoid being released on bail, her lawyer has said.
Nurseries in England are facing a recruitment crisis because of a requirement for staff to have a GCSE in English and maths, industry leaders say.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for raising interest rates has "strengthened" in recent months, but she did not rule out a further rise in the US central bank's benchmark rate.
(Close): Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 6% after the company reported a loss for the final three months of last year, despite reporting a rise in full-year profits.
A few years ago, I had a "fake girlfriend" - a woman who paid me to pretend to be in a relationship with her on Facebook.
A tennis player who was brought to Wales as an asylum seeker as a child has won an award at the first Black History Month youth awards.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on a pedestrian crossing in Inverness.
Joe Root has been confirmed as Alastair Cook's successor as England Test captain, but will he be able to live up to his predecessor's high-profile or will his reign be short-lived?
A meeting has been held to "condemn and condemn" police for using a Muslim as a terrorist in a mock suicide bombing during a counter-terrorism training exercise in Manchester.
Star Wars actor John Boyega is returning to London's West End to play Chewbacca in a one-man show at Theatre Peckham, where he was a member of the company when he was younger.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Scottish Premiership season with a comfortable victory over Ross County at Tannadice to move to within two points of second-placed Dundee United.
A pensions minister has been heckled by MPs as he defended the government's work to help women who have lost out on state pension payments during a debate on the issue in the House of Commons.
A Ceredigion university's "hidden history" is to be revealed as part of a £10m project to transform one of the UK's oldest Gothic revival buildings into a centre for culture and learning.
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel Friday's All-Ireland Club Championship game against Ballymena United after their Drumahoe ground was badly damaged by Tuesday's flooding.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher as their new director of football, while three new senior executives have been appointed to the club's senior management team.
The German government has said it will distribute asylum seekers across the country's 16 federal states by the so-called "Koenigsteiner Key", in a row over how to deal with the huge influx of refugees.
Scientists are analysing ancient sediments from the deep-sea for clues to how the Earth's climate has changed over the past 8 million years.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike for the first time in more than a year, with hospitals in the capital Nairobi and across the country paralysed by the action.
Three US marines have been killed and two others are missing after an Osprey aircraft crashed off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
An escaped corn snake made of plastic has been rescued by the SSPCA after it was spotted by a passer-by in a park in Aberdeen.
The first of eight new Royal Navy Type 26 frigates to be built on the Clyde will be built next summer, the defence secretary has confirmed.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, the interior ministry says, in the first such assault on a public building in the capital since the Taliban lost power in 2001.
The Prince of Wales has marched with the Royal Welch Fusiliers in Conwy to mark the start of the annual Royal goat parade in the county.
Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamic State militants in Iraq have returned to India after being freed and given a hero's welcome at an airport in the southern city of Kochi.
St Johnstone's Gary Anderson says he is "not bothered" by the Scottish FA's decision to open a disciplinary case against Rangers defender Kieran Kiernan over an alleged incident of mistaken identity.
Luton Town chief executive David Sweet says the League Two promotion bid for the Hatters is the "beginning of the beginning of a resurgence" for a club that has been relegated from the Football League for the fifth time in six years.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw 2-2 at home to Livingston in the Scottish League One play-off semi-final second round.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a "free vote" on whether the UK should take part in air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man, thought to have been buried more than 2,000 years ago, has been produced by experts at Dundee University.
Chipotle Mexican Grill has been linked to an outbreak of E. coli that has made at least 45 people ill in four US states, US health officials have said.
The mother of a teenage girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live has said she is afraid to return to the Chicago neighbourhood where she went missing after the attack, saying she fears for her daughter's safety.
Tsai Ing-wen has been described by many as a "mystery" - a woman of few words who doesn't speak much English, who has never been to the United States, and who is not known for being averse to confrontation with China.
British pair Andy Murray and James Ward have a chance to reach the last 16 of Wimbledon for the first time on Saturday after reaching the quarter-finals at the expense of each other.
Plans for a £1bn tidal lagoon in Swansea Bay have been described as a "disgrace" by an MP who has written to the prime minister asking for the government to back the project.
The number of animal cruelty cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales fell last year, but the number of animals rescued and rehomed increased, the charity has said.
The 2015 Formula 1 season gets under way in Australia on Sunday with the opening race in Melbourne, the first race of a 20-race season for the sport's biggest teams and drivers.
Armed police have been involved in a security alert on the M6 Toll carriageway in Staffordshire after a coach carrying passengers was stopped by officers following a report of a "suspicious substance".
Four London councils have spent more than £500,000 on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Storm Axel, the strongest storm to hit northern Germany in more than a decade, has caused flooding and power cuts in the north-east of the country and across the Baltic Sea.
The Pantheon mausoleum in Paris has inducted a group of World War Two resistance fighters into its hall of fame for the first time, in a ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of their deaths.
A 90-year-old woman is in a stable condition in hospital after being seriously assaulted in her own home by a man who broke into her home and raped her.
American Charley Hoffman has a four-shot lead after the first round of the Masters at Augusta National as high winds and heavy rain failed to dampen the mood on the first day of the defence of the world's most famous golfing event.
Plans for automatic pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences are to be considered by the Northern Ireland Assembly later this week.
A teacher has been struck off for "failing to uphold the integrity of the exam process" and using a personal email account to contact a pupil has been banned from the profession.
A motoring festival which attracted more than 40,000 visitors last year has been cancelled because of council funding cuts, organisers have said.
A total of 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football, the highest level of police watchdog has said.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League play-off semi-finals on Thursday after reaching the last four for the first time in his career.
Imagine having to get down on your hands and knees and change on a dirty floor or squashing yourself into the back of your car just because there isn't a bench and hoist in the toilet.
A Syrian activist group says one of its members has been killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, just weeks after being honoured for his work on behalf of a press freedom award.
Too many young people are being "drifted into further studies or their first job, which often has no real prospect of progression", the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee has said in a report.
The Chinese government has launched an anti-phishing campaign on the internet in a bid to stop people falling for scams that may lead to their personal details being stolen by cyber criminals.
Video replays are being trialled in Major League Soccer for the first time in the United States, as part of a trial of the technology in the sport's third tier.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea in the group stage of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup for the first time.
Upsetting events often make the news because they don't happen very often - but when they do, it can be hard to know what to do if you're feeling sad or worried about what you've seen, heard or read.
Politicians have been reacting to the news that a prison officer who was injured in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week has died in hospital.
Venezuela has closed its western border with Colombia for the first time in a bid to cut down on the smuggling of cheap goods into the country from Colombia.
Poland has one of Europe's largest media industries and is one of the world's fastest-growing countries in terms of television, radio and social media.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Miami Open as she lost 6-4 7-5 to Karolina Pliskova in the second round.
Work has started on a £30m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil which has been in the pipeline for more than 20 years.
Wales Under-20 wing James Botham has made his international debut for his country at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey in the Tour de France as Michael Matthews won stage 10, which was won by a breakaway rider for the second year in a row.
You can contact your local police, who are the only people with the proper powers to assess criminal allegations against Jimmy Savile, or you can contact the NSPCC, a charity specialising in child protection and the prevention of cruelty to children, on its 24-hour helpline.
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun the process of withdrawing heavy weapons as part of a peace deal aimed at ending the conflict in the region, officials say.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to its UK letter delivery business from increased competition, as it reported a fall in profits and warned of increased competition from Amazon.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet" as he prepares to take on his first Shakespearean role on the London stage.
Four Russian women wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage for their service in the conflict, the Kremlin has said.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "full-strength" when the sides meet in Dublin on Saturday for a repeat of last month's historic Test match.
The director general of Argentina's police, Gen Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over a prostitution scandal, Attorney General Luis Carlos Ordonez has announced.
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and move up to third in La Liga with a 2-1 win at the Nou Camp.
British number one Johanna Konta was left in tears after Romania's Ilie Nastase was sent off the court during their Fed Cup tie in Constanta on Saturday, with the match suspended for more than an hour because of the abuse he directed at her and her team-mates.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is one of six Premier League players to be named in the Professional Footballers' Association World XI for the 2016-17 season, which will be announced in January.
Leyton Orient midfielder Chris Long has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club, with the option of a further 12 months.
At least 15 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in two explosions on buses near the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court how she gave footballer Adam Johnson a "thank you kiss and more" after he asked her for a sex act during a second meeting in his car.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after being involved in a crash during Sunday's race in the United States, the second death in the sport in less than a month.
A three-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been released from hospital.
Michael Barnes' professional debut ended in disaster as he was knocked out in the first round of his fight against veteran Bulgarian Dimitar Slavchev in Belfast on Saturday night.
Theresa May has said she is confident US President-elect Donald Trump will be "open and honest" with her when they meet for their first face-to-face talks in Washington later this month.
The UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the size of the economy and is one of the key indicators used by the Bank of England to set interest rates.
Scotland's education secretary has welcomed the launch of an online resource which gives teachers and school leaders access to "effective interventions" to help close the attainment gap between rich and poor children.
Greece has ruled out taking Britain to court over the repatriation of the Parthenon Marbles, saying it will not go to court to force Britain to return them to Greece.
The government has overspent on social security by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, according to an analysis of official spending forecasts.
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Armenia in Yerevan, while Portugal and Serbia also won on Tuesday.
A committee of MSPs has said it will review the safety of high-rise flats in Scotland following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League with victory over Newcastle, who remain without a league win this season.
Work has started on the first phase of a £3.5m regeneration project in Fishguard, Pembrokeshire, which will see the demolition of a pub and a library as part of a master plan for the town.
One of Ukraine's most prominent anti-government protesters, Olexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his Kiev flat, the latest in a series of unexplained deaths in the country in recent months.
The French centre-right presidential candidate, Nicolas Sarkozy, has dismissed a book by one of his former advisers as an "act of treachery", writes the author, Patrick Buisson, in which he accuses the former president of being a "fake tough guy submerged in an emotional dependency".
National League side Wrexham are set to sign Plymouth Argyle striker Callum Harvey after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club.
The room in which the Duke of Wellington's body lay in state when he died has been recreated at Walmer Castle as part of a new exhibition marking the 150th anniversary of his death.
People are happier and more relaxed when they watch aquariums with more fish in them, according to a study of more than 1,000 people who took part in an experiment in a 500,000-litre aquarium in Plymouth.
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect and repair its planes, as part of a range of new technologies it is developing to help the airline run its fleet more efficiently and safely.
The new trailer for the next James Bond film, Spectre, has been released and it's been met with a mixed reaction on social media.
Hundreds of workers at a Walkers crisps factory in County Durham are set to lose their jobs after the firm confirmed it is to close the factory.
A former recording studio in Granada, which was once used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on television, has been turned into a music video studio.
Russian law enforcement agents have been visiting dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in the past week, activists say, in what they say is a new wave of inspections.
The swine flu vaccine Pandemrix may have been linked to narcolepsy in up to 16,000 children in the UK, according to new research.
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of the Times Higher Education World University Rankings than anywhere else in the world, with Oxford, Cambridge and the University of Oxford among the top 20.
Two giant Welsh dragon statues have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle to mark St David's Day and the 500th anniversary of Henry Tudor's Tudor flag.
A woman who admitted fraud and embezzlement while working as an estate agent has been given a community payback order after failing to pay back a loan she took out while acting as a fraudster.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against diseases such as measles, measles and whooping cough, in a bid to cut down on the number of children who are not vaccinated.
Oscar Pérez is one of Venezuela's most wanted men, accused of carrying out a daring attack on the Supreme Court in the capital, Caracas, on Tuesday, in which four people were killed and more than 20 injured.
The SNP has been confirmed as the official third largest party in the House of Commons, with two select committees set to be chaired by the party's MPs.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of ash trees for the first time in the UK, in a bid to find out how the disease that has wiped out most of the trees in the country is killing them off.
With just over a week to go until the US election, here's a round-up of the key stories, headlines and quotes from the campaign trail, as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump prepare for the third and final presidential debate in Las Vegas on Wednesday.
A private street in San Francisco's exclusive Presidio neighbourhood has been sold by the city over a unpaid tax bill - and now some of the city's wealthiest residents are trying to buy it back from its new owners.
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton moved out of the National League relegation zone with a comfortable win over Gateshead.
The bodies of two British climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, Swiss police say, the second such discovery in a week.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games by the Italian Football Federation after being sent off in Sunday's defeat by Fiorentina.
When someone has a cigarette they inhale smoke - but this smoke is also breathed in by everyone else around them - and this is called passive smoking.
Mental health patients at Bracknell Forest Hospital are to be asked to give their views on the services they receive as part of an independent review of the unit's services.
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in pubs and clubs in England and Wales should be scrapped, a House of Lords committee has said.
Plans for a £50m surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead after the Welsh government awarded £3.5m to the developers.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 to take a 1-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series after a dominant start from Corey Kluber in Game One.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said his team were "running around like ducks" during the Monaco Grand Prix after he missed out on a podium for the second race in a row.
Brighton & Hove Albion fans have called for Leicester City to be fined after homophobic chanting during their Premier League match at the King Power Stadium.
Firefighters have been called to a large bonfire in west Belfast after it was set alight early on Tuesday morning, causing damage to nearby homes.
Donald Trump has a path to the White House, but it's not a sure thing, writes the New York Times' Michael Gerson.
Svetlana Purve-Jorendal was born in Pune, India, to an Indian man who killed himself after a fight with his wife and left her to be trafficked to Sweden, where she was given up for adoption.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix as his team-mate Max Verstappen finished second.
A serial killer who murdered 20 women in the 1970s and 1980s could be moved back to prison after being declared fit to be released from a mental health unit.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education in a Powys high school have been rejected by the full council.
 Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit the band, saying he has never quit the group.
Firefighters had to cut a hole in a tyre to free a woman who became trapped in a car tyre at a children's play park in Cumbria.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean" and has been "lucky" not to be sent off, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised for her role in a corruption scandal that has led to the resignation of several senior aides and calls for her to step back from state affairs.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
More than 100,000 people have signed an e-petition calling for the death penalty to be debated in Parliament in the wake of the Soham murder case, which has led to a debate on the issue in the House of Commons.
A three-year-old boy has died after an accident on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh, in the early hours of the morning.
South African prosecutors have applied for permission to appeal against the prison sentence given to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend last year, saying it was "shockingly light" and "inappropriate".
The owners of Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, have lost a High Court bid to get a certificate to allow unrestricted flying at the airfield.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Newcastle United at St James' Park.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell its Yihaodian brand to Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com in a deal worth more than $2bn (Â£1.6bn).
A former Welsh Secretary has accused the UK government of "breaking a manifesto commitment" by removing the requirement for a referendum on income tax powers to be devolved to the assembly.
UKIP would set up a dedicated veterans' minister and create a national defence medal for everyone who served in the armed forces, if it wins the general election, the party has said.
Here's a round-up of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
The government is "hardening" its stance on renewable energy subsidies, the BBC understands, amid fears they could be cut as early as next month.
A memorial service is being held in Cardiff to mark the centenary of a World War One ambulance unit which served in the South Wales valleys.
Great Britain's Marcus Langridge and Marcus Ellis won Olympic gold in the men's badminton doubles with a dramatic victory over world number one Chen Long and Chenwei Wenbo of China in Rio.
The last time I was on the London Underground it was on a strike over the closure of the Central Line station.
Coventry City's Sky Blue Trust has said it does not condone "anti-social and illegal acts" by fans during a protest against the club's owners during Saturday's League One defeat by MK Dons.
China has said it is "firmly committed" to working with the US on the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building as part of a £32m redevelopment of its Garnethill campus.
David Beckham has posed for a photo with an air ambulance volunteer who saved the lives of six people after a rollercoaster crash, at an awards ceremony for bravery.
A High Court judge has ruled that Stormont's environment minister, Mark Durkan, broke the ministerial code in approving a controversial planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot from Chesterfield on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months.
New Hartlepool United manager Paul Hignett says he has been "surprised" by the quality of the players he has seen since taking charge of the League Two club.
Actor George Cole, who has died at the age of 91, was one of Britain's best-loved and most recognisable Cockney actors, with a career spanning more than 70 years and a career that spanned the whole of the 20th Century.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index of leading shares closed down by about 0.5% after the Bank of England decided not to cut interest rates for the second time this year.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have begun a three-day strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions, with the first day of action due to take place in London on Saturday.
"We are going to bring fast broadband to every home and business in the UK that wants it."
Colombia has arrested two people for allegedly running an operation to sabotage peace talks between the government and left-wing Farc rebels in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new head of girls and women's football, with a view to improving the quality of play for England's elite women's teams.
Former Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included in the club's squad for the Europa League group stage for the first time since his retirement from international football.
Two security guards have been threatened with a gun during an armed robbery at a Royal Bank of Scotland in Glasgow city centre.
US President Donald Trump has withdrawn the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, marking the start of a busy first day of his presidency.
The funeral has taken place in Perth of John and Ann Graham, one of three Scots killed in the Sousse terror attack in Tunisia last month.
A pair of underwear worn by Queen Victoria are to be sold at auction next week, dating back to the last 10 years of the monarch's life, it has been revealed.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the challenge that led to Jack Hamilton's red card in his side's 4-2 win over Partick Thistle.
Former Wales defender Dean Saunders has been offered a deal by an airport to waive his parking fee if Wales reach the Euro 2016 semi-finals after he left his car at the wrong end of the car park.
Kettering's Mark Wilson says his record-equalling run of five consecutive centuries in a World Championship quarter-final was the "best match" he has ever played in snooker.
Shrinking products are being sold at a lower price in supermarkets because they are less expensive, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag at a nature reserve 12 months ago has been identified, police have said.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the Tour de France leader's yellow jersey as Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15 of the race in the Jura Mountains.
The government has confirmed that the main route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Manchester has been chosen, with a spur to take passengers to Sheffield.
Ten-man Barnsley suffered their first league defeat of the season as they were beaten at home by Chesterfield, who moved to within a point of the League One play-off places.
EDF, the French energy firm behind the planned new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point, is set to decide next week whether to press ahead with the £18bn project.
The carcass of a fin whale has been found washed up on a beach in Norfolk, prompting an investigation into what caused it to wash up on the east coast of England.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at last month's Scottish Cup semi-final match between Celtic and Rangers at Hampden Park.
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was prevented from travelling to the US because she is a British-Iranian dual citizen, under new US visa rules.
Pupils who are able and talented are not being given enough support in the education system, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear in a "deliberate" attack has been jailed for four years and eight months.
New laws that threaten health workers with prison if they reveal information about Australia's offshore detention centres have been described as a "gag" law by doctors and nurses, who say they are being silenced by the government.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named the National Book of the Year for the second year in a row.
The Great British Bake Off is returning to our TV screens this week - and who do we think will be the best of the contestants this year?
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the governance of a hospital trust that runs the Christie cancer hospital in Manchester, the BBC has learned.
The fossilised remains of an ancient mollusc, known as Calvapilosa, have been recreated to show how it might have looked like.
Derry City and Strabane Post has said it may have to move out of its current premises in the city centre.
The parents of a soldier who died after overheating on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not remove immunity from prosecution from the Ministry of Defence over the deaths of three reservists.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a farm and led police on a high-speed chase before it was abandoned in a village.
Plaid Cymru AM Dafydd Elis-Thomas has said the party is "not willing to seriously participate" in government after he quit as presiding officer of the assembly.
The election of Donald Trump as US president has had a profound impact on the world of business, with many companies wondering if it will have a negative impact on their bottom line.
Human rights group Amnesty International has warned of a "new world order" in which politicians are "shamelessly legitimising hateful rhetoric and policies based on people's identity" and the basis of race, gender, nationality and religion.
There has been a lot of talk in the run-up to this week's two-day strike by junior doctors in England - and rightly so - about the impact the stoppages will have on patients and the health service.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92, BBC Wales understands.
Concerns have been raised about the condition of some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas, who was killed in the Battle of Arras in World War One, after a grant was awarded to help conserve them.
Sussex batsman Matt Machan hit a career-best 143 not out to put his side in a strong position against Worcestershire on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English football if he is appointed as manager of the Premier League club.
More than 1,000 patients have been left stranded in hospital for more than six weeks in the last three months, according to Scottish government figures.
Maoist rebels in eastern India should be allowed to run trains through their strongholds even during the night, the leader of the main Maoist rebel group in India's West Bengal state has told the BBC.
Thousands of tiny "Tour de France" pullovers are to be knitted by knitters in Cambridge in a bid to promote the city during this year's race.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after he was arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Ballymena, County Antrim.
The beach where Seifeddine Rezgui stood on Friday, pulled a Kalashnikov from his parasol and unleashed a hail of bullets that killed at least 38 people, is now deserted, but for Sabi, it's a place where he still feels the pain of the attack.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed a mosque in Florida that was frequented by the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in June, police say.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help pick up litter left in mountain bothies in the Cairngorms and other parts of Scotland.
Wakefield came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and secure their place in the Super League play-offs for the first time this season.
Gloucester scrum-half Mark Atkinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Premiership club, keeping him at Kingsholm until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a severe stroke just days before he was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame.
Celtic extended their unbeaten league run to 46 games as they thrashed Partick Thistle at Firhill to move level on points with Scottish Premiership leaders Rangers at the top of the table.
Montrose slipped out of the Scottish League Two play-off places after losing 3-0 at home to Queen's Park.
Burnley defender Ben Jones has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club, keeping him at Turf Moor until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been the victim of a new attempt to hack into its computer system.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Bradford City striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would stop people living in the US illegally from sending money overseas to pay for a border wall with Mexico, if he wins the party's nomination.
The Conservatives have won the South Wales East seat for the party in the assembly election after the winner of a by-election to replace a candidate who was forced to stand down after finishing outside the top four on his party's regional list.
Jim McIntyre is one of four managers shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the year award after leading Ross County to the Scottish League One title.
The UK's highest court is to consider whether to allow a celebrity to take his privacy case to the Supreme Court over an alleged extra-marital affair to be heard.
South African President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan at the weekend has triggered a storm of criticism from within his own party and the country.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a third party about the sale of the Premier League club, with a view to completing a deal by the end of the month.
The head of Cecil, the famous lion shot dead in Zimbabwe, could be put on display in the Hwange National Park as a memorial to the animal, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty rescued a point for Charlton at Gillingham as the League One side came from behind to draw 1-1 at the Stadium of Light.
Thousands of high earners who have opted out of receiving child benefit will have to fill in new tax forms as part of changes to the system, the government has confirmed.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be seeking re-election for the next two years.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as loan player manager for the first time in the club's history, the Premier League club have announced.
A youth football club has cancelled all of its games after travellers set up camp next to their changing rooms.
The Eiffel Tower has reopened to the public for the first time since Friday's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh's hopes of reaching the British & Irish Cup quarter-finals have been dealt a blow after they were knocked out of the competition by the Rugby Football Union.
Glamorgan missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals as Dawid Malan's unbeaten 150 helped Middlesex to a five-wicket win at Lord's.
An NHS watchdog has been accused of "tradinguced the reputation of a popular hospital" after it admitted making 300 errors in a report into patient safety and care.
Police have released CCTV images of a man and woman they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Paisley in which he suffered a serious facial injury.
The number of people being attacked by dogs in Wales increased by more than 50% in 2016, figures obtained by BBC Radio Wales have shown.
Heather Rabbatts, the Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BME) board member, is to step down from the governing body after five years, saying there is "still much to do" to improve diversity in the game.
England's Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one-day international history as his side beat Pakistan by eight wickets to seal a 3-0 series win in Abu Dhabi and win the series 2-1.
A man and woman have been arrested after two cyclists were killed when they were hit by a car being pursued by a police officer, who lost sight of the vehicle after it made off, police have said.
A Peebles-based online tyre distributor has been bought by Michelin for an undisclosed sum, in a deal that values the business at £1.3bn.
Conservationists have said they are "disappointed" by a draft version of a report on the future of Wales' national parks which is due to be published before the summer recess.
Former England fast bowler James Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket because of a series of injuries.
A driverless car that uses virtual buttons has been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas, USA.
Three fishermen have been rescued from a sinking fishing boat off the west coast of Scotland after their boat capsized off the coast of Oban in the early hours of the morning.
Poland's right-wing Law and Justice party has won enough votes to form a government on its own for the first time since the country's democracy was restored in 1989.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US presidential election will be "rigged" in favour of his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in a series of attacks on the two candidates.
A six-year-old boy's death was "preventable" and could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion came from behind to beat Birmingham City and move off the bottom of the Championship table.
Salford Red Devils hooker Josh Garbutt has accepted a two-game ban for punching an opponent in Saturday's Super League defeat by Hull FC.
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for a missing British yachtsman who went missing off the coast of the US state of Massachusetts in May.
A £30m contribution from Falkirk's local government pension fund is to be used to help fund the building of new social housing in the county.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent were bowled out for 412 by Derbyshire on day three of their Division Two match at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after a woman was raped in Cardiff city centre, police have said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his experience of working as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone's Kono District.
Plans for the extension of the London Underground's Northern line have been given the go-ahead by the Department for Transport.
Wales' transport minister has dismissed claims of a "conspiracy theory" over the future of cross-border rail services as "not true", the Welsh government's transport secretary has said.
Tim Peake and his team on the International Space Station found a hidden Space Invaders game while working on a project for the European Space Agency (ESA) - so they took a break from their work to play a game of the game!
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, by suspected Islamist militants, which French officials say was carried out by an al-Qaeda-linked group, the so-called Islamic State (IS).
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A74(M) in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Bangladeshi man who spent more than 15 years in prison in Pakistan after illegally crossing the border from India has been reunited with his family in his home village in the north-eastern state of Chittagong.
Up to 80,000 customers of the US software company mSpy have had their personal data leaked on the dark web, the company has admitted.
The chief executive of Twitter has said they need to do more to stop abuse on the social network, after a reality TV star was threatened with death on the site.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been asked by an MP to investigate corruption allegations surrounding the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup finals.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis is facing an ultimatum from shareholders Ojjeh and Mumtalakat, the Bahraini owners of the Formula 1 team, that he must step down or they will sell their shares in the company.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has denied receiving illegal payments from a construction magnate, after a newspaper published documents it said showed he had received them, in a corruption scandal that has engulfed the country's governing party.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents while trying to cross the Channel from France to the UK in the past 24 hours.
Britain's Nasser Yafai won the vacant WBC world super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over former world champion Andres Guillermo Rigondeaux in Birmingham on Saturday.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision to change the opening times of a country park in Hampshire after a campaign to keep it open longer.
A Sinn Féin MLA has agreed to pay compensation to a former Ulster Unionist Party (UDR) MP after he tweeted that he had harassed and shot people as a member of the party.
The killing of al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was an "embarrassment" for Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) agency, a senior Pakistani official has said.
A US teenager who posted videos of himself firing a handgun and a flamethrower from a drone is taking legal action in a bid to be allowed to return to his university, after being expelled over the videos.
Delays have been reported at the new Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London after a £25m revamp of the busy junction.
Middlesex all-rounder Paul Stirling and England one-day captain Eoin Morgan hit centuries as the Division Two leaders beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded mixed on Friday, with Japan's Nikkei index closing down for the second day in a row as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate decision next week.
Iran's hardliners have suffered a major defeat in parliamentary elections, losing their majority for the first time in more than a decade, according to the results of the vote.
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's signing of Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for the Ibrox side, according to ex-Rangers defender Mick McCarthy.
Bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Eryri yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn, sy'n cynrychioli Merched y Wawr, yn ôl
A motorcyclist has been killed in an accident at an East Anglian motorcycling track.
More than 800,000 chemists in India will go on strike on Wednesday to protest against the sale of drugs online, the country's largest chain of pharmacies has said.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's endorsement of Donald Trump has been widely reported, but how valuable is her support for the Republican front-runner and how could it affect the rest of the race for the party's presidential nomination?
A botanist has said he is "devastated" after flood water swept away much of his "life's work" at a world-renowned botanical garden.
Well, for many people Nick Griffin was the BNP, and his personal - and his party's - fortunes appeared to be going in the right direction.
Pupils at primary schools in Northern Ireland are being given advice on how to deal with stress and anxiety ahead of the big move to secondary school.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a sculpture of a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham, which had been installed to mark the start of the Tour of Britain cycle race.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has not given up hope of re-signing Wales midfielder Joe Allen, despite the player being linked with a move away from Anfield.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has questioned a former partner of the Isle of Man law firm at the centre of an inquiry into the Nama property loan deal.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed England Under-17 international defender Adil Suliman on loan from Aston Villa until the end of the season.
If you want to make a law, you need to be a member of Parliament - and if you're an MP, you have to be able to propose a Private Members' Bill to the House of Commons and get it through the Commons without the help of the government.
The US has said it will release a further instalment of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme, as part of a deal with six world powers to limit Tehran's enrichment of uranium.
Great Britain's men's Eurobasket qualifying campaign got off to a losing start with a 76-71 defeat by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in Belfast.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has unveiled the face of its new polymer £10 note, 30 years after its paper version came into circulation.
US President Barack Obama has said the killing of five police officers in Dallas has revealed the "deepest fault line of our democracy", as he visited the city where the officers were shot dead last week.
Passengers on a flight from Australia to Papua New Guinea had a close encounter with a very large snake when the reptile became stuck on the wing of the plane in high winds.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy a controlling stake in the US business news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are being offered free bus transport to a new community swimming pool in a bid to boost the number of people playing sport in the town.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 exoplanets, or planets that orbit a different star to our Sun, since it was launched in 2009.
More than 30 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to smuggle them into Wales from the Republic of Ireland, the DSPCA and the RSPCA have said.
The government must be "completely mad" to allow in-work migrants from Eastern Europe to claim benefits for longer than three months, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
A petition calling for Durham University to preserve a "brilliant" modernist building in the city centre has been handed in to the city council.
The Rollright Stones in the Cotswolds have won an award for being one of the best places in the UK to view the night sky.
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as that of a man who went missing after getting into difficulty in the water.
Michael Dunlop and Bruce Anstey took pole positions for Saturday's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod after a rain-hit opening day of qualifying at the event.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern" and could lead to a breach in flood defences, a report has warned.
ScotRail has said it will run fewer trains on Sundays after a dispute with drivers' union Aslef over pay and conditions led to the cancellation of a number of services.
Hungary's Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has said his country will not backtrack on controversial laws criticised by the European Union (EU) over its treatment of asylum seekers and non-governmental organisations.
At first glance, you might think: "I don't recognise this person."
Topps, the company that makes sports memorabilia, has warned that payment card numbers have been exposed in a hack attack.
India set a record target of 300 to beat South Africa in the final Test and complete a 3-0 series whitewash as they took a 1-0 lead in the three-match series in Mohali.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has more than doubled since changes to the law were introduced in March, figures show.
Two teenagers arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was stabbed at a farm in Monmouthshire have been released on bail.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land to bury people after spending more than £1m on a search for a new burial site.
Four people have been killed and five others injured in a shooting at a party hosted by Chris Brown in California, US police have said.
The US has agreed to sell military aircraft to Nigeria for the first time in more than a decade, US media report, in a deal that had been suspended under the Obama administration.
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, in a vote in the House of Commons.
Plans to build 4,000 homes in a garden village in Surrey have been given the go-ahead by a council, despite opposition from a parish council.
Agriculture is one of the biggest sources of greenhouse gas emissions from the global economy and needs to change dramatically if it is to deliver food security and stabilise the climate, the UN's food agency has warned.
A theatre producer has been jailed for five years for defrauding the Arts Council of Wales out of more than £50,000 in public money.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he does not know whether Chelsea captain John Terry will continue to play for the club next season.
Gavin Robinson has accused those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU of using "fear tactics" in the EU referendum campaign.
Afghanistan's outgoing national security chief, Gen Ashraf Zahir, has been replaced by a former provincial police chief, the government has said.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to rise to more than 14,000 by 2035, according to a new report.
The extinction of some of the UK's most threatened butterfly species could begin as early as 2050 if global warming continues at the current rate, according to a new study.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A75 in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said.
A Cardiff-based IT company has announced plans to create 300 new jobs in the city over the next three years.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at some of the stories that made headlines in Africa in 2016, including the first time a man threatened to "impregnate" a female colleague and the first elephant to live with a bullet in
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died after being attacked in an Essex shopping centre.
A father and son who were jailed for the murder of a pensioner in a raid on his home have had their sentences increased on appeal.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been found to be the most deprived town in England, according to a study of official data.
Broadway star Lucie Ball is to co-host this year's Olivier Awards for best actor in a musical for her role in Les Miserables, it has been announced.
A commemorative tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of one of the world's most famous landscape designers, Capability Brown, who designed the grounds of Blenheim Palace.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a light aircraft crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "everything" mother, who was on holiday with her husband in the country for her 50th birthday.
The number of companies going into administration in Scotland has fallen for the first time in two years, according to new figures from accountancy firm KPMG.
Derry and Cavan have made changes to their teams for Saturday's All-Ireland Football Championship qualifiers while Monaghan, Fermanagh and Mayo also have new faces in their squads.
A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for five years for passing on information about a violent drug dealer to a man he had met at a gym.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing his landlord to death with a microwave oven after a row over the cleanliness of his home.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place where we look at the world from a different point of view.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, the Foreign Office has said.
Patient safety will be compromised due to "performance issues" in the NHS 111 phone line, a health watchdog has warned.
Mansfield Town striker Danny Green says he turned into an "unhappy player" after his contract was cancelled at the end of the season and he has joined Championship side Notts County on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Olympic taekwondo team has been cleared of wrongdoing by UK Sport after a review found no evidence to support claims of poor treatment of its athletes, according to reports.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side earn a draw against Sussex at Hove.
The chief executive of Airdrie Savings Bank is to leave Scotwest Bank to take up the same role at the Lanarkshire-based lender, it has been announced.
A man who admitted defrauding five people out of more than £33,000 has been given a suspended jail sentence after he paid back the money he borrowed and loaned them.
The head of the Jamaican Anti-Doping Agency (Jadco) has said the number of athletes who have failed drugs tests could be the "tip of the iceberg" in the wake of a series of high-profile failures.
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been named as the new coach of Italy, with a three-year contract that will see him earn a salary of £1.5m a year.
Shrewsbury Town fought back from 3-0 down at half-time to beat Blackpool 3-3 and move off the bottom of the League One table.
It is a tale of billions of pounds for schools, hospitals and transport projects that could be at risk if the UK votes to leave the European Union, but what happens if it doesn't?
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in the capital Manila to be buried with full military honours, President Rodrigo Duterte has said.
Twelve men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences after suspected victims of modern slavery were found working in Chinese restaurants in the West Midlands, police have said.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has fallen dramatically since an EU deal with Turkey last week aimed at reducing the number of people crossing the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
An 89-year-old woman has been given a new bike after her old Raleigh Shopper was stolen while she was in the supermarket.
Relatives of the seven people who died in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow last year have said there is "no resolution" to the tragedy after a closed meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli says he was about to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans during a Serie A match, but now says he will not do so because he does not want to be involved in a repeat of the incident.
A fundraising event in memory of two teenagers who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers is to be held in their home town.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has been voted the greatest film of all time, beating Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to the top spot in a long-running poll of film critics.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in upstate New York, has been recaptured after a two-day manhunt, the governor of New York has said.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was stabbed during a traffic stop in Lancashire.
Drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales in North America, its biggest market, continued to decline.
A Cambodian community has set up an eco-tourism community in the mangrove forests of Kampot province to encourage tourism and increase income from fishing, which has increased the number of people working in the fishing industry.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £3.5m.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, by linking the attack to "radical Islamic terrorism" - and warning that the US must be "prepared" for the next world war.
A look at some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Oxfordshire that we did not know last week:.
A man has appeared in court following the seizure of drugs with a street value of more than Â£3,000 during a police operation in the Scottish Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says his team-mates are determined to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016 after qualifying for the tournament for the first time in 58 years.
The number of teacher vacancies in some parts of northern Scotland has risen sharply in recent years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland, with the number of vacancies in the north east, Highlands and the Northern Isles more than doubling in the last five years.
Hollywood star George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old woman in a care home with a surprise visit from the star of The Descendants, who she had told staff she would love to meet.
Repairs to homes in Hertfordshire which were left without power, water and sanitation after a sinkhole opened up in the street where they were built have begun.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of recruitment Steve Walsh on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.
Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters is expected to be fit for Tuesday's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Italy after missing training on Wednesday and Thursday because of a back injury.
Saracens and England fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postie has been left in the loo after dropping a box of printer ink down a toilet after a parcel fell through a window.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as National League side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town and reach the third round of the FA Cup.
Caravan, A Great British Love Story by Gareth Iwan Jones will be published in early June by Frances Lincoln.
The Ministry of Defence has been accused of "exploiting holes in its system" after it announced the closure of the Independent Human RightsAT (IHAT) unit investigating allegations of abuse by Iraqi civilians against UK troops.
Nigeria's former governor of Delta state, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in the UK after changing his plea to guilty at his trial in London.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking for a new chief executive to take charge of its children's activities, including a bike zone and a Kids Club, on Blue Monday.
Scotland scrum-half Tim Visser says head coach Vern Cotter will not field a second-string squad against South Africa after naming 31 players in his starting line-up for the crucial World Cup match.
Hundreds of people have attended a mass breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother from Staffordshire who said she was racially abused for feeding her baby in public.
Fleetwood Town came from behind to beat League Two Southport in extra time and reach the second round of the FA Cup for the first time in their history.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has lost a legal challenge against the Department of Health over the publication of new abortion guidelines, her lawyers have said.
As part of BBC Music Day, BBC Local Radio is looking for a musical legend to be honoured with a blue plaque - but who should be the first in the UK to receive one?
The NHS in England is "withering away" under the coalition government, according to a group of senior doctors who have written an open letter to voters urging them to vote against the Conservatives in May's general election.
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers' union to end the blockade of roads in the southern state of Oaxaca, which has left millions of people without food for weeks.
A magnitude 7.8 earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, the US Geological Survey has said.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the government will not be forced to pay back any of the money it has spent on travel expenses, despite criticism from some of his own party colleagues.
Crimestoppers has offered a £10,000 reward for information on the unsolved murder of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Gianluigi Giaccherini and Paolo Pelle scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to open their Euro 2016 campaign with a 2-0 victory in Paris.
Rory McIlroy is three shots behind leader Jaco van Zyl after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa, as Thomas Dubuisson moved into a three-way tie for the lead with fellow Englishman Lee Westwood and world number one Marc Warren.
Olympic skeleton silver medallist Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from the sport after 10 years with Great Britain.
Firefighters remain at the scene of a thatch roof fire at a bungalow in Suffolk, which broke out in the early hours of Saturday.
An NHS trust and a funeral company have apologised after a politician's body was mistakenly cremated instead of that of a colleague who died at the same hospital, a report has found.
A new combined authority for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has been told to reconsider its plans to recruit 15 new staff after its budget was increased from £1.2m to £2.5m.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time in his career as he and American partner Jack Sock won their semi-final to set up a final against defending champions and defending champions Kevin Anderson and John Peers.
A huge snowstorm has hit the north-east of England, bringing down trees, power lines and travel disruption to thousands of people in the north of the country.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing where it was travelling at up to 60mph (97kmph) when it hit a barrier and fell on to the tracks.
The chairman of the Airports Commission has defended its decision not to back Heathrow expansion, saying Gatwick's arguments were "flimsy" and "frivolous".
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium is in talks with boxing promoters about hosting a fight between Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury, says the stadium's chief executive Ken Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side's players they need to change their mentality after promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by League Two side Macclesfield Town.
A new website has been launched to replace the former BHS online shop, following the closure of the department store chain last month.
In the aftermath of the devastating floods in Bangladesh, Joba Rani had to sell three of her cows to pay off the instalments on a microfinance loan she had taken out to help pay for her crops, which had been destroyed by the floods.
The Obama administration is "in the final stages" of drawing up a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House press secretary has said.
Drivers on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland have voted to accept a pay rise after a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
An MP who was falsely accused of trading with the so-called Islamic State group has been awarded more than Â£200,000 in damages in a libel case.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition against a major trade deal between the European Union and the United States.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sell the club to former striker Chris Holdsworth for an undisclosed fee, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland secured their first back-to-back Six Nations wins for the first time since 2001 with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists in China say they have developed a gene-editing tool that can shrink tumours in mice, in a study that could lead to a new treatment for cancer.
Lydney Harbour, one of the Forest of Dean's "hidden gems", is set to be handed over to a fish smokery for the first time since its closure in 1977.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded for the first time to a woman for her contribution to peace and human rights, the Norwegian Nobel Committee has announced at a ceremony in Oslo.
Belfast Capitals beat Cardiff Devils 2-0 at the SSE Arena on Thursday night to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils at the top of the table.
Great Britain's Katie Belcher won a silver medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan as Great Britain secured four places at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Alton Towers security staff were called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash "within minutes" of the accident that killed three people, the West Midlands Ambulance Service has said.
A man has been detained under the mental health act after a bomb squad was called to Sydney's Bondi Beach in Australia's largest city, Sydney.
Seven detainees who allegedly took part in unrest at Australia's Christmas Island immigration detention centre are being transferred to mainland Australia, the Border Force has said.
Changes to the way pig carcasses are inspected in the UK could lead to thousands of diseased animals going undetected, a senior meat inspector has told the BBC.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Christian Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
The mother and grandmother of a disabled teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson have been found guilty of child cruelty after he suffered head injuries in the water.
A building has collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, killing at least five people and leaving at least two missing, officials say.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United left-back Chris Sweeney on a two-year deal.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has taken part in a live space talk with children in front of an audience of thousands of schoolchildren in the UK.
A man who broke the skull of a three-month-old baby boy in a "cowardly" attack while on the run from Polish authorities has been jailed for more than three years.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of the world's most prestigious teaching prize, with a prize of $1m (£620,000) and the chance to become the first teacher to receive the award in her home country.
North Wales could benefit from the "Northern Powerhouse" and should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to work better with the north of England, the chairman of the Northern Powerhouse group has said.
Grimsby Town have signed former Bristol Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a one-year contract after he turned down a new deal with the club.
Adele has won album of the year at the Grammys, beating Beyonce to the top prize for the first time in the ceremony's history, but then appeared to break the award in two while accepting it.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion was "vital" for their Premier League survival hopes after a run of five league games without a win.
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland to have its own divisional patent court after legal experts raised concerns about the impact of changes to the law.
A dress worn by Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from the hotel where she was staying after the ceremony, police say.
Radiohead have released their own theme tune for the new James Bond movie Spectre, a year after Sam Smith's track became the first solo British act to score a Bond film's theme song.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 in their second match of the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam to move level on points with second-placed France.
Police officers in England and Wales earned more than £100,000 in overtime pay in 2014/15, figures obtained by the BBC show, with the Metropolitan Police earning the highest amount.
Archaeologists working at Edinburgh Castle have discovered what are believed to be the remains of defensive walling dating back to the 16th Century.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Ontario has offered to buy a school that could be shut down in order to save money, but the school board says it won't accept the offer.
An environmental agency has revoked the permit of a recycling site in Manchester which was the scene of a major fire last month, which left more than 1,000 tonnes of waste on the site.
When Google bought Tony Fadell's Nest in 2014, it got more than just an internet-connected thermostat and smoke detector - it got the man who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, and then worked alongside Jony Ive to build the iPhone.
Uefa president Michel Platini will be the "reform candidate" in next month's Fifa presidential election, according to the Football Association.
Shrewsbury moved out of the League One relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Gillingham in a thrilling game at Roots Hall.
Plans for a £100m sports and housing development in Stirlingshire which would include a golf and tennis centre, hotel and homes for Andy and Colin Montgomerie's daughter have been criticised by a Stirling Council report.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets, saying they pose a "high level of threat" to native wildlife.
Ed Miliband may have kissed Barbara Jones on the cheek at Labour's conference in Cardiff on Tuesday, but that didn't stop some of the delegates at the conference in Bridgend asking him to "kiss me again".
A US military plane has been shot down by a Russian fighter jet over the Pacific Ocean, US defence officials say, in the second such incident between the two countries in less than a month.
Snapchat has said its video-streaming service has now recorded more than one billion views a day, beating Facebook's record for the number of videos posted on its platform.
Mobile phone company Three has apologised after some of its customers were unable to make or receive calls or receive texts for several hours on Saturday.
An all-boys school in Sydney, Australia, has banned its students from clapping during assemblies, but has allowed them to perform a "silent cheer" if it is needed.
A made-up MEP was picked out by 12% of people who saw his name when asked to name Wales' four MEPs in the European Parliament, according to a new study.
"Bonkers Bruno locked up in mental home" was the headline on the front page of the Daily Mirror's front page when it first reported the news that Bruno had been diagnosed with depression.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Chloe Williams says she is feeling "added pressure" after winning gold at the European Championships for the first time in her career.
Britain's Anthony Joshua has been told he must fight WBA world heavyweight champion David Ortiz before the end of the year or risk losing his title.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) offices in Abuja have been sealed off by police amid a power struggle between two rival factions of the governing body.
The curlew, one of Northern Ireland's most important birds of prey, has been added to the British Birds of Conservation Concern (RSPBNI) red list for the first time.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson in the squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia next month.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for Fiction for his latest book, The Map and the Territory, a satirical satire of the art world in Paris.
A cyclist has been killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in south-east London.
Frenchman Daniel Levy shot a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the German Open at Bad Griesbach.
The former Battersea Power Station in south-east London has been put up for sale for the first time in its history.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition says, the latest in a series of such incidents since the end of combat operations in the country last year.
Gregor Townsend will name his final Scotland squad for next month's tour of Australia and Australia on Saturday, with his final game in charge of Glasgow Warriors against Edinburgh at Scotstoun.
Port Vale goalkeeper Callum Smith is attracting interest from Championship clubs, according to the club's director of football Steve Smurthwaite.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, the country's air force has said, with the pilot and four other people on board killed in an incident involving a Spanish-made Airbus aircraft.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector contracted at its fastest pace in more than three years in July, according to a closely watched survey, adding to signs of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
Roma lost ground on Serie A leaders Juventus as Armando Izzo's first-half own goal gave them victory at Genoa and left them four points behind at the top of the table.
A ceremony has been held at the Russian embassy in London to honour veterans of World War II convoys who travelled from Britain to northern Russia to resupply the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Four men have been charged in connection with an attempted murder of police officers in Craigavon, County Armagh, last week.
Singer Ellie Goulding has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with her latest Broadway-themed album.
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified as a man who died at least two years ago, police have said.
The death toll from an outbreak of cholera in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the health ministry says, as the number of people infected with the disease continues to rise.
It may seem like a bold move for the Conservatives to scrap the free school meals scheme for infant pupils in England, even if it is only for the first three years of primary school - a policy that has been in place for more than three years and has been a huge success for many schools.
The UK's construction sector may have avoided a recession, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said, after revised figures showed it shrank by less than previously thought.
China threatened to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK in October 2015, according to the Queen, who was caught on camera saying the Chinese had "walked out" of a meeting with the British ambassador to China.
Former Wrexham and Walsall midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager on a two-year contract.
A Stirling man has been jailed for six months after being caught with a kilo of herbal cannabis with a street value of more than Â£100,000.
As part of the BBC's So I Can Breathe series, people have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them.
An 11-year-old pianist has become an internet sensation after he was nominated for a Grammy Award at New York's Jazz at Lincoln Center gala on Sunday night.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested by police investigating the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim last year.
Northern Ireland's first minister has backed a campaign to force the German government to compensate victims of the Thalidomide drug scandal, which left thousands of people with birth defects.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe has picked up evidence that the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko could have formed 4.5 billion years ago.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "not going to quit" the race, despite a growing number of Republicans withdrawing their support for him after he made lewd comments about women.
A South African woman who appeared as an expert on the BBC during the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has been charged with fraud and money laundering, local media report.
Bernard Tomic said he was "bored" and "disrespectful" after losing in the first round of Wimbledon to Alexander Zverev, and said he would repay his prize money.
A court in Brazil has ruled in favour of Barcelona footballer Neymar in a long-running tax fraud case against the Brazilian club.
Fidel Castro, the leader of Cuba, and the Queen, the world's longest-reigning monarch, have both celebrated their 90th birthdays on the same day.
A 15-year-old boy has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after he was abducted and assaulted in what police believe was an "honour-based violence" attack in Blackburn.
Author Laurence Silberman's book about the impact of autism on the brain has won the £20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for popular science book of the year.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for their EuroHockey Championships warm-up matches against the Netherlands after recovering from injury.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a number of vehicles were set alight in Wiltshire in what police believe was a "suspected arson attack".
The deputy first minister of Northern Ireland has said his mother was "appalled" when she found out her son was a member of the IRA and found out he had been involved in the killing of 13 people in Londonderry on Bloody Sunday in 1972.
Thousands of people from Northern Ireland have travelled to the Republic of Ireland to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement, which brought an end to the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
A man who admitted causing the death of a woman in a head-on crash in County Tyrone has been given a two-year suspended jail sentence.
Two Syrian men have been found not guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, who drowned while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece last year.
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen believes the Pro12 could be a "huge door" for South African players hoping to make their mark in Europe after their time in Super Rugby.
Israel "deeply regrets" the harm caused to the civilian population of the Gaza Strip during the 2014 war, its foreign ministry has said in a report on the conflict.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying campaign has been a nightmare from start to finish, and Friday night's 2-0 defeat by Poland was just the latest in a series of setbacks that have left the Scots in a precarious position ahead of Monday's match against Germany in Tbilisi.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA super-heavyweight champion Christian Braehmer and regain his WBO title in his next fight.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted by the government to mark the 50th anniversary of the former prime minister's death.
On the third anniversary of the Manchester Arena terror attack, the city is still reeling from the shock and grief of what happened on 22 May, but is Manchester ready to move on and talk politics?
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was hit with a crowbar during a robbery at a church in Londonderry.
Tinie Tempah, one of the UK's most successful grime artists, is back in the studio to record his third album, Youth, and he's not afraid to talk about his roots in the grime scene.
Trench coats maker Aquascutum, whose coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War and explorer Edmund Hillary in the first ascent of Mount Everest, is set to be sold.
Dozens of people queued up to withdraw more than £1,000 from a cash machine in North Lanarkshire after a fault caused it to pay out double the amount of money they had requested.
A building at the University of Aberdeen has been closed after asbestos was found in the building's roof, causing "unprecedented" disruption to staff and students, the university has said.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected by the governing body for the first time in its history.
The number of student doctors training places in England is to be doubled, the government has said, in what it says will be the biggest ever expansion of the number of places in the country.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Premiership leaders Saracens ran in seven tries to thrash Bath at the Allianz Park.
Cheltenham Town have signed Jack Kashket from League Two rivals Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton defender Alex Gape on loan until the end of the season.
With the start of the new Premier League season just around the corner, it is time for some familiar faces to return to the Football League for the first time since the end of the 2015-16 season.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of the "horrendous" experience of being conned out of the money.
A court in Japan has ruled that women cannot take their husband's surname after marriage, in a ruling that is set to affect thousands of women in the country who have been campaigning for years for the right to keep their maiden names.
Ospreys scrum-half Ken Owens says Ospreys have "built momentum" after a run of four wins in their last five Pro12 games, but admits they must not get carried away after defeat by Scarlets.
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says the Outlaws are "full of confidence" after reaching the One-Day Cup Finals Day for the first time since 2006.
Strictly Come Dancing finalist Ore Oduba has revealed he thought he was going to take his own life after he revealed he was suffering from severe depression.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is looking for a running mate to help him win the White House in November's election, and he is searching for someone who can help him make his case on the campaign trail and on the ballot.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan has increased by more than a third in the past year, according to figures from the UN, despite efforts by the government to eradicate the substance.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take their children out of school for holidays outside of school terms.
The woman at the centre of a police inquiry into claims of historical child sex abuse by Sir Edward Heath says she had "no involvement" with the former prime minister, it has emerged.
The ban on blood donations from gay men who have ever had sex with another man has been lifted in the UK, but there will still be a one-year deferral period for those who want to donate blood.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season, subject to a medical and a work permit.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July to decide whether to accept or reject the terms of an EU-IMF bailout deal that was agreed with its international lenders on 27 June.
It's three years ago this week that England beat Australia in a one-day international at Edgbaston to claim their first Test series win in Australia since the end of the 1990s.
Lancashire missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after rain washed out their match against Warwickshire.
The Six Nations could be "mixed with players' health" if it is reduced to a six-week tournament, says Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies.
A body has been found in the search for a cyclist who has been missing in Cornwall for more than 24 hours, police have said.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is set to undergo a £1.1m revamp after being awarded a £2.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Nurses and other health workers could be brought in to help cover for doctor shortages in the NHS in England, a think tank has said.
More than 3,000 people, including dozens of children, have been evacuated from the last remaining rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says, as a new ceasefire comes into effect.
The death toll from an attack by rival Libyan forces on an airbase in the east of the country has risen to 140, a military spokesman has said, bringing the death toll to more than 140.
How much would it cost for a student to borrow to get a degree in England's university system?
Labour has named Angela Glass as shadow education secretary in the shadow cabinet following the resignation of Angela Powell, who had been the only MP to back Jeremy Corbyn in the leadership contest.
England and Scotland will meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday, with both teams aiming to qualify for the 2018 tournament.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said US-Russia relations are at a "low point" following a meeting with his Russian counterpart.
Cheshire has the potential to benefit from the government's Northern Powerhouse, but the county has been left behind by its neighbours in Manchester and Liverpool in the race for devolution.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in County Antrim.
Uganda and Burundian troops fighting in Somalia say they have not been paid for the last six months of their deployment allowance, the BBC has learned.
A man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney, Australia, as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police say.
The US space agency Nasa has developed a new material that could be used to make spacesuits for astronauts.
Professional dog collies have been used to combat the spread of E. coli in the seas around the world for the first time, according to a new study in the US.
A rare bird of prey has been found shot dead in a wood in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
The challenge to Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party is being seen by his opponents as a sign that the party is on the verge of a split, with many of its older members now more committed to the left-wing leader than ever before.
Police have said they could use "extra powers" to stop and search fans at this weekend's Champions League final in Cardiff.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades campaigning against the destruction of the nation's forests has won the 2015 Goldman Environmental Prize for his work to protect the environment.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham came from behind to beat Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium and move back into second place in the Premier League.
The world's poorest countries are the hardest places to be a girl, according to a new report by Save the Children, which ranks them on a scale of one to 10 for the number of child marriages.
Sunderland Ladies striker Beth Mead has signed a new three-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
William Boyd, the author of A Good Man in Africa, is to write the first official James Bond novel, the Ian Fleming estate has announced.
A table tennis player has admitted sending indecent images of himself to a schoolgirl he met at a tournament in Scotland.
A man has paid more than £1,000 for a pumpkin which he hopes will be the world's heaviest ever grown.
McLaren's poor start to the Formula 1 season is "not good enough", according to team boss Eric Boullier.
All three and four-year-olds in England will be able to go to nursery for 30 hours a week completely free by the time they are three, David Cameron has said, as he unveiled his party's plans for childcare.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should "take some responsibility" for claims that the UK has been "too soft on extremists", if she is re-elected prime minister.
Wigan defender Ben Watson will not be out for as long as initially feared after breaking his leg in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
It's not the kind of place you would expect to see 500 people queuing up outside a theatre to hear a Labour leader's speech.
Munster are to be investigated by European Cup organisers over their treatment of Conor Murray in their win over Glasgow Warriors on Saturday.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the way council chief executives and returning officers are paid for their work at local and national elections.
Police are investigating the death of a 73-year-old man who was found dead at his home in Saltcoats in South Lanarkshire.
Liz Sen is a big fan of shopping online, and she likes to save money by using cashback websites to get discounts on some of the items she buys.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's lack of transfer activity this summer, despite a summer that has seen a number of senior players leave Stamford Bridge.
The environment minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a planning framework for Northern Ireland last year, the High Court has been told.
Gloucestershire are still looking for their first win of the season after being bowled out for 237 by Glamorgan in their second One-Day Cup game at Chelmsford.
A flood protection scheme for Dumfries and Galloway is set to be published as a flood protection project after the cost of the project was increased by more than £5m.
Cattle farmers are being urged to take "simple and practical" steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) spreading on their land as part of a drive to eradicate the disease in England.
A 92-year-old woman has completed her final London Marathon in a bid to become the oldest person to run every mile of the course.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a hospital in Northamptonshire ahead of a by-election in the constituency of Corby.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced he is to step down from all his roles at the club, with majority shareholder Billy Bowie taking over as chairman.
Hundreds of men who have suffered domestic abuse have attended a conference in Sheffield to encourage them to speak out about their experiences.
Everton's Under-21 side were knocked out of the Europa League by Russian side Krasnodar as Juan Laborde's first-half goal was enough to earn them a 1-1 draw at Goodison Park.
Jockey John Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall while riding Permian in the US.
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 8 May to decide who they want to run the country in the general election.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager beyond the end of the season, the club's players have told BBC Radio Leicester.
The SDLP and Green Party have called for an urgent inquiry into the disappearance of children who have been separated from their parents and taken into the care of health trusts in Northern Ireland.
Brussels has reopened to the public for the first time since Friday's attacks in the French capital, in which 130 people were killed.
The M1 motorway was closed in both directions for more than an hour after a plane with 153 people on board was forced to divert to a nearby airport due to an "aircraft emergency", Highways England has said.
US drama series Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, Channel 5 has announced.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Andy Haldane, has said the case for raising interest rates is "still some way from being made", because the economy is "losing speed on the runway" and inflation may undershoot the Bank's target.
Leicestershire speedway team Leicester City have agreed a deal to keep the club in business for the 2017 season, it has been announced.
The number of people living in poverty in the US fell in 2011 for the fourth year in a row, according to the US Department of Agriculture's latest figures.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District, which has been closed to the public for two years to allow repairs to be carried out.
The number of Asian girls being sexually abused in Rotherham is likely to be much higher than previously thought, a BBC investigation has found.
Sam Allardyce says he will not be distracted by the memory of England's Euro 2016 failure when he takes charge of his first game in charge of the national side against Slovakia in Sunday's World Cup qualifier in Slovakia.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl at a railway station, police have said.
The UK's defence secretary has dismissed the idea of an EU army as "unnecessary" and "pointless", saying it would "cut across the primary mechanism for defending Europe", as he left a meeting of EU defence ministers in Bratislava.
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia on Wednesday have been found, police have confirmed.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the Afghan Taliban leader who was killed in a US drone strike last week, was one of the most powerful figures in the movement, and one of its most influential.
A cycle hire scheme which was suspended last year when its operator went into liquidation has been reinstated.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to help oversee any ceasefire between the two sides in their long-running armed conflict, reports say.
Madonna has won a court case in California that would allow her to use an uncredited sample in her song Vogue, despite the sample being less than a second long.
Plans for a £50m road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government.
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been returned to the Royal Pavilion at Brighton Pavilion after being dormant for more than 200 years.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace since the financial crisis in 2008 in the three months to March, official figures have shown, in what is seen as a "make or break" moment for the country's government.
Blackberry has unveiled a new Android-powered smartphone, the Z30, in a bid to boost its position in the mobile phone market, which it says is in "declining" shape.
A collection of previously unseen stills from the career of Sir David Attenborough has been put up for auction, which could fetch up to £100,000.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been accused of lying by his QC Donald Findlay during cross-examination over his version of events on the night of the murder.
Ed Miliband has said there is "no greater symbol of an economy that doesn't work" than zero-hours contracts, saying they are "undermining hard work, undermining living standards and undermining family life".
When Les Hutchison agreed to sell his shareholding in Motherwell to the club's supporters in January 2015, he did not expect the process to take as long as it has.
Detectives investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl who went missing more than a decade ago are to make a fresh appeal for information during the club's FA Cup semi-final match.
Regulated rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales will rise by 0.5% on 1 July, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said, the second rise in a year.
The Ministry of Defence has opened a specialist rehabilitation unit for military veterans with "complex trauma injuries", Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is commissioning a series of new portraits of women and people from a wider range of backgrounds to be displayed on its walls and in its buildings.
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast Finals Day next season despite failing to reach the quarter-finals of the competition for the first time in their history.
England manager Mark Sampson believes his team would have won a gold medal at the 2016 Olympics if they had been allowed to compete at the Games in Rio.
Spotlight has won best picture at the New York Film Society Awards, taking the top prize for the second year in a row for the Oscar-nominated film.
Owen Sheers has won the Literature Wales book of the year title for the second time with his second book about war in Afghanistan at the annual awards ceremony in Cardiff.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond are "very capable" of playing for England, according to former national coach Andy Flower, after they starred in the Lions' tri-series win over Pakistan and Sri Lanka A.
I have been collecting matchboxes for more than 20 years and have amassed a collection of 25,000 labels over the past five years.
Olympic athletes and celebrities have been spotted with red marks on their skin, which are believed to be the result of using hot cups to help with aches and pains, according to the British Acupuncture Council.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead as planned on Sunday, despite protests in the country.
Michelle Dockery and Dominic West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse later this year, the theatre has announced.
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon because of a hamstring injury.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage for this year's event, which will include the return of Scottish indie-rock band The Flaming Lips.
An inquest into the death of a man who was killed in a gas explosion at his home has been told the scene was "like an airstrike" with "complete devastation" on the street around it.
JK Rowling, the author of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, has celebrated her 90th birthday with a special cake to celebrate the anniversary of her birth.
Dozens of shops in Venezuela have been looted in a town in the north-eastern state of Sucre in the latest in a series of attacks on shops hit by shortages of food and medicine.
Lettings agency Investing Solutions has been paid more than £2.1m in housing benefit by a London charity, the BBC has learned.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Laidlaw says his side need to be "on top form" if they are to beat France at the Stade de France on Saturday and end a run of nine straight defeats in Paris.
If, and when, they get married, gay and lesbian couples in Australia are likely to spend thousands of dollars on their ceremony and reception.
South Korean opposition MPs have ended a 24-hour filibuster in parliament that had lasted more than a week, breaking the world record for the longest filibuster in parliamentary history.
The BBC has announced that it will be running a series of live shows on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio 4 in the next few weeks, with a total of 10 shows over the next two weeks.
The Royal Mint has struck 1p coins to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's son, Prince George, to mark his first birthday.
Japan and South Korea have held their first face-to-face talks since the election of a new leader, amid tensions over a territorial dispute over disputed islands in the East China Sea.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick suffered a "severely twisted ankle" in England's 1-0 friendly defeat by Spain, Roy Hodgson has confirmed.
An inquest into the death of missing schoolgirl Alice Gross will look at whether there was a failure to protect the public under human rights laws at the time of her murder, a coroner has ruled.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, also known as AQIM, has emerged as the most powerful militant group in North Africa since the fall of Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda.
An Aberdeen MP has been reunited with a lost toy rabbit after it was reunited with its owner following an appeal on Mumsnet.
Police in the US have been granted permission to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock an iPhone, in a case that has reignited a debate about the legality of making suspects decrypt their phones.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his side still have an opportunity to reach the last 16 of the Europa League despite their defeat by Molde leaving them bottom of Group A ahead of their match against Ajax.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against former IBF champion Jorge Rosas in London on Saturday, 7 April.
After weeks of speculation about whether the Governor of the Bank of England would extend his time in office in the wake of the Brexit vote, Mark Carney has decided to extend his term by just one year.
The "living and dying well" (LCP) pathway in England is likely to be replaced by a new system, a review of end-of-life care in the country is expected to recommend.
Four men accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home and trying to cover up the attack spent days trying to destroy his body, a court has heard.
Russian computer hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of masterminding a massive credit card hacking operation that stole more than 3 million names and addresses.
A cat has been stabbed to death in what the RSPCA has described as a "shocking and completely senseless" attack.
One of New Zealand's most famous birds of prey, Lanky the pelican, has been put down after more than 40 years at a zoo in the country's capital.
Boys have moved ahead of girls in the top grades at A-level for the first time in 17 years, according to this year's results.
Parents in Neath Port Talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated against measles following an outbreak of the disease at a nursery in the town.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has dismissed the head of the public prosecutor's office, amid a political crisis over allegations of widespread corruption in his government.
The route taken to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo 200 years ago has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
The inquiry into the death of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko has heard there is "credible" evidence that the Russian state was involved in his death.
Head teachers have criticised Chancellor Philip Hammond for failing to address "severe funding pressures" in England's schools in his Autumn Statement, saying he had "failed to address the severe funding pressures in schools and colleges".
Pupils should be able to pay for their school dinners using their fingerprints rather than cash, an assembly member has said.
Scientists say they have found a way to boost the immune system's ability to fight the HIV virus, in the first trial of its kind in humans.
Seven police officers are to be questioned over an incident in which a prisoner lost part of three fingers in custody, the police watchdog has said.
Ivory Coast is one of the fastest-growing economies in Africa, and many young people in the country want to take their businesses to the next level.
Dover Athletic have been given the go-ahead to sign Paul N'Gala after Gillingham were told they could not sign him because of Fifa transfer rules.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley has backed Kane Hemmings to reach his target of 30 goals for the season, despite speculation linking the striker with a move away from Tannadice.
The Royal British Legion is launching a new campaign to change the way people think about veterans and the poppy, as part of its annual Poppy Appeal.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office for the second weekend in a row, ending a run of poor opening weekends for sequels in the genre.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for West End musicals, saying they are "immensely reasonable" and "incredibly reasonable".
A British student has created an app that could help save the lives of people caught up in natural disasters by sending a distress signal from their mobile phones to the nearest emergency services.
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast at Chelmsford to move top of their group.
It's been a bad year for the internet, according to Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the world's most popular search engine.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in Bridgend county.
French police are hunting for two men suspected of carrying out a series of attacks on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and a Jewish supermarket in Paris, in which at least 12 people have been killed.
The Duke of Edinburgh's royal duties will come to an end at the end of August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
A housing company is to demolish two high-rise blocks of flats in Southampton, despite a majority of residents in the area voting against the move, it has been announced.
A burglar was shot in the leg during a botched raid on his home by an intruder who mistook him for a drug dealer, a court has heard.
Taylor Swift has been one of the biggest names in music for the past few years, but that didn't stop her taking her music off Spotify earlier this month.
Former Formula 1 world champion Jenson Button says he is "hopeful" the new Baku Grand Prix circuit will be safe, despite concerns about run-off on some of the corners.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has resumed his protest against the police over the alleged failure to crack down on a suspected drugs and prostitution ring in the city, despite being barred from entering the site by police.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to avoid detection as part of their criminal networks, according to senior police officers in Scotland.
Ticket sales for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than a week, the BBC has announced.
Lance Armstrong says he would probably cheat again if he was back in the sport in 1995, when doping was "completely pervasive" and there was "another world war" in cycling, but would not do so now.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his team are in a "fantastic position" as they prepare to face Russia in their final Group B game at Euro 2016, but insists it is not the end of the journey for his players.
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling motorbike races in the world, and for the past two years, rider Martin McGuinness has won every race he has taken part in.
Chris Wells says he is aiming for bigger and better things from himself this season as he continues to improve his game following a winter in Australia.
A campaign has been launched to save a 1,000-year-old boulder from being moved after it was allegedly hit by a car and damaged by a motorist.
More than £330,000 has been raised for a disabled man who was robbed at knifepoint, after a Go Fund Me campaign was set up by a young woman.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside a further £3.1bn to cover claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance (PPI) and mortgage products, as it announced it would set aside another £1.8bn for legal costs.
An "incredible" painting of a 17th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust after it was put up for sale for more than £2.1m.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be axed if the Welsh government makes cuts on the scale of those announced by Chancellor George Osborne, a transport body has warned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, I have been asking you to send in your questions about South Africa's legal system for me to answer as I prepare to take a week off from the courtroom.
The Turkish government has lifted a ban on Muslim women wearing headscarves in state institutions, including the police and military, in a move widely seen as a victory for secularism.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation to offer master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for life for the "vile" murder of a 73-year-old woman whose body was found in a car park in Norwich city centre.
Clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival Sunni Muslim groups, in the latest in a series of clashes over the Syrian conflict.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after he was punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol have said they are still waiting for answers about what happened to him.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper Avram Marciano on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the season.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, one of the most prolific scorers in NHL history, has died at the age of 87, his son has confirmed.
The UK government's flagship international aid agency has been criticised by the National Audit Office (NAO) for booking 15 flights costing more than £5,000 a year for its board members.
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being wrongly convicted of a robbery in the 1970s has said he will fight for compensation for what he says has been a "soul-destroying" ordeal.
Plaid Cymru has accused Theresa May of "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if she pushes for an in-out EU referendum to be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick for the second game in a row as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1 in the League One play-off semi-final second round.
The father of Jules Bianchi, who is in a coma after a crash at the Russian Grand Prix, has said he believes his son will recover from his serious head injury and "won't give up" in his fight for survival.
A US law firm, Axiom, is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast as part of a £50m expansion of its operation in the city.
A man who almost revealed his mobile phone number during a break-in at a house is being sought by police after he made two calls to taxi firms using a cordless telephone left in the garden.
Michael Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Superbike Championship standings with victory in the opening race of the round of the season at Knockhill on Saturday.
UK retail sales grew at their slowest annual rate in more than three years in May, official figures have shown, as the cost of goods continued to push up prices.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth, the last nation to do so, the Foreign Office has said.
A Vale of Glamorgan social worker has been banned from the profession after being found guilty of failing to visit mentally ill offenders on a regular basis.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the European Union immediately, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said, despite calls from other EU leaders for the UK to do so.
The US justice department has said it will no longer allow police to use mobile phone tracking equipment without a search warrant, in a major change to the way the technology is used in criminal investigations.
The Gambia has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba, hours before President Yahya Jammeh is due to step down ahead of next month's election, in honour of the late Cuban leader Raul Castro.
A dog that was seized by Belfast City Council after being assessed as a "pit bull terrier-type" has been allowed to return home after a campaign to free him.
Manchester City have made Everton defender John Stones their number one target for the 2017-18 Premier League season, with a £30m bid in the region of £40m on the table.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as high winds and heavy rain continue to batter the country.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east London.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a two-car crash in the early hours of Saturday.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done" after she dumped him, a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was "proud" of his side after they came from two goals down to beat Newcastle United 3-2 and end a run of five straight defeats.
Uefa has approved the introduction of a new system for penalties in the EFL play-offs and Carabao Cup, which will see teams take turns to kick off from the bottom of the table in a two-man shootout.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has been named as one of the UK's "longest-standing poppy collectors".
A woman has told an inquest into the disappearance of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson that she was able to escape a sexual assault by serial killer Robert Howard by hitting him with her knee, the court has heard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras' government will try to secure a deal with its creditors after the country's parliament approved a new bailout deal, the economy minister has said.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire have confirmed they are interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley in the future.
A sculpture by Henry Moore, thought to be worth about Â£20m, is to return to London for the first time since it was installed in the 1960s, the Henry Moore Foundation has said.
A Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" after he asked a judge to postpone his sentence so he could go on holiday.
A Miss America contestant has sparked a backlash after saying healthcare is a "privilege" and not a right, during an appearance on the US beauty pageant.
YouTube is cracking down on people who are selling fake views on the video-sharing website.
The Chinese space station Tiangong-1 is due to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere later this week and will burn up when it re-enters the atmosphere, China's space agency has said.
If you have eaten a handful of spicy chicken wings in Angola recently or perhaps polished off a lemony "yassa poulet" in Senegal, there is a good chance your chicken travelled some distance before finding its way on to your plate.
Prime Minister David Cameron's father Ian, who was born with both legs deformed, has died at the age of 83, Downing Street has confirmed.
The Syrian government has begun the evacuation of al-Wair, the last rebel-held district in the central city of Homs, in the latest phase of a deal with rebels to end a two-year siege.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his side are "hungry for more" after winning their second European Champions Cup title in a row.
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird is to be raised to make it more difficult for people to hang sex toys from it after it was abused by revellers on New Year's Eve.
Ex-supermarket bosses have warned that the price of groceries will rise if the UK votes to leave the European Union, adding to the list of retail bosses who have warned of the impact of a vote to leave.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a short-term deal for the rest of the season after announcing his retirement in May.
Rio de Janeiro's famous Mangueira samba school has won the Rio de Janeiro carnival title for the second year in a row, with a parade through the city on Sunday.
The Welsh government has been accused of not doing enough to promote renewable energy in Wales and is "paying the price" for it, a leading business lawyer has said.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, after supermarkets cut the price of the fuel on Sunday, bringing the average price down to below 118 pence per litre for petrol and 118.10 pence for diesel.
Ireland's Liam English won the 1,000m steeplechase at the European Indoor Championships in Finland as the Irish team finished eighth in the League One event.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the UK's EU referendum, saying they "can decide their future" if they register to do so.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales would have a new right to review police decisions not to prosecute them if they are dropped by police, under Labour plans.
It is a talent that helped him move from being bankrupt, aged 32, to becoming a multimillionaire by the time he was 48, and from being beaten up by the supermarkets, to winning a high-profile battle against Tesco, according to Peter Chase.
The Syrian government has accused the US and its allies of failing to take into account the "serious" nature of the country's war, as it defended its use of barrel bombs in the city of Aleppo.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park was not adequately supervised, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire openers Brett D'Oliveira and Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries as they put their side in a strong position against Derbyshire on day three at New Road.
India's decision to scrap high denomination 500 and 1,000 rupee notes is likely to have a limited impact on the economy, according to one of the country's most senior economists.
Oxford United ended Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season with a 1-0 win at the Kassam Stadium to move up to third in League One.
Plans for a 1,000-home housing development in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government after a public inquiry.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" when his side play Australia at Twickenham on Saturday in a game that could decide their World Cup fate.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has spoken for the first time about his relationship with Taylor Swift, saying it is "not a publicity stunt" and that they are "very happy".
The British government has a legal obligation to provide funding for inquests into the deaths of victims of the Troubles, the Lord Chief Justice (LCJ) has said.
Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by an innings and 88 runs for their first Championship win of the season after a stunning collapse by the Nottinghamshire batsmen in the final session.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street have spoken of their shock at the news that the street is set to close its doors for the last time, saying it has been a "wonderful place" to work.
A GP surgery which was rated "inadequate" following an inspection has made "significant" improvements, a health watchdog has said.
In a lecture hall at Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, a group of students are sitting in their final year final year courses.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to five points as they beat Stuttgart to move to within three points of a fourth successive title.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood are one shot off the lead after the second round of the US Open, while the world's top three players missed the cut for the first time since 1986.
Mental health staff are to be trained to work with children and young people in West Berkshire in a bid to cut the time it takes for them to get help.
A new air ambulance service with consultants on board will be launched in north Wales next week, the health secretary has announced.
The family of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran have said they are "increasingly on tenterhooks" as they await the outcome of an appeal against her sentence.
Lee Westwood says he is back to the stage where he "turns up fully expecting to play well" at Royal Troon for the Open Championship this week after two major titles in the space of three months.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has signed a new three-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton is one of five Olympic and Paralympic sports to have had its funding cut by UK Sport ahead of the Tokyo 2020 Games.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Chester Zoo in the UK, the first in a series of six to be born at the zoo this year.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in North Lanarkshire, police have confirmed.
A German man has been jailed for two years for causing the death of a motorcyclist in a crash in Conwy county.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs for the second day in a row, while the Nasdaq ended the day at a record high.
Blackpool have signed Manchester United defender Liam Allsop on loan until the end of the season, while striker Callum Cooke has joined on a season-long loan deal from Premier League side Burnley.
Match reports and team news for the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games, with Celtic v Heart of Midlothian on Sunday and Motherwell at home to St Johnstone on Sunday.
Thousands of people have taken part in Armed Forces Day events across the UK, including a flypast by the Red Arrows and a display of military vehicles at an event in Lincolnshire.
A man has attempted to break the world record for the largest egg made from an ostrich egg and sausage.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from a Lincolnshire medical practice has been jailed for three years and four months.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
John Hardie is standing in the dark at the entrance to Lockhart's Gaff, a place that, according to legend, is haunted by the ghost of a young girl who died in a fire more than 200 years ago.
Indonesian social media users have been sharing images and memes on social media in the wake of the bomb and gun attacks in the capital, Jakarta, which killed at least 12 people and injured more than 200.
A County Londonderry-based engineering company has announced it is creating 100 new jobs in Kilrea, County Antrim.
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana dispensary and casino on its reservation.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will make it out of the second round of his boxing debut on 26 August after lighter gloves were made available for the Las Vegas bout.
Hundreds of homes could be built on green belt land near Leatherhead, Surrey, under plans to sell off allotments and build 500 new homes, according to campaigners.
Belfast Giants have been named in Great Britain's squad for next month's World Championship in Cortina, Italy, which will be the first step in their bid to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in PyeongChang.
East London-based Bay TV, which broadcasts a range of news, sport and music programmes, is being put up for sale, the BBC has learned.
Thousands of people have gathered in Togo to pay tribute to former national team coach Stephen Keshi, who died earlier this week.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for their actions after a man was arrested in connection with a theft in County Londonderry in which a woman was injured.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in a "brutal attack" in Salford, police have said.
The Egyptian committee investigating the downing of a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula last month, which killed all 224 people on board, says there is "no evidence" it was brought down by an act of terror.
Juventus have completed the signing of Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to a work permit.
Four internet of things (IoT) devices have been found to be vulnerable to hack attacks by security researchers, say researchers at Rapid7, Pentest Partners, Context IS, Era Home Security and HereO.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of war crimes for the first time for rape as a weapon of war.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban in 2012, has been back in the UK for the first time since the attack.
Chelsea's players and staff have taken part in a parade to celebrate the club's Premier League title win on Sunday.
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win a thrilling Mexican Grand Prix and move into second place in the world championship as the Mercedes driver extended his lead at the top of the standings to 19 points.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, the High Court is set to hear the first legal challenge to the government's authority to trigger Article 50 - the formal process of leaving the EU.
When the National Living Wage was introduced in April, many workers at Seachill fish processing plant in Burnley, Lancashire, thought it would be a great thing.
Russia's main opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found not guilty of organising an unauthorised rally, a court in Moscow has ruled.
Financial services firm Hays has said it is "too early to tell" what the UK's vote to leave the European Union will mean for its business, as it reported a fall in trading in the UK.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to the default Android web browser for the first time, allowing them to be installed as an extension to the operating system's operating system.
US consumer confidence has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely-watched survey, while sales of new homes and durable goods fell in February.
Two brothers who subjected two young boys to a "prolonged, sadistic" sex attack in South Yorkshire have been granted lifelong anonymity by the High Court.
Eight people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse offences following a police campaign to tackle the issue ahead of England's Euro 2016 football tournament.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by cycling or walking to work each year, according to a charity.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences, including possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and possession of an offensive weapon, following a police operation in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he will not rush Jacob Butterfield and Jacob Olsson back from injury in time to face Brighton and Hove Albion in the Championship on Saturday.
Kyle Edmund will begin Great Britain's defence of the Davis Cup against Serbia on Friday when he takes on Janko Tipsarevic in the first rubber in Newport, Rhode Island.
Wigan Warriors' Sam Tomkins says he has not ruled out a return to the Super League club at some point in the future, despite his move to the NRL.
Wigan Warriors thrashed Salford Red Devils to keep alive their hopes of a place in the Super League play-offs and boost their chances of securing a place at Wembley for next season.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a "campaign of sectarian intimidation" after she left her job at a Belfast school has said she has been inspired by the response of her pupils to her decision to leave.
Scientists have solved the mystery of why some of the world's most famous rock formations, such as the Eiffel Tower and Stonehenge, are made of sandstone that can resist erosion, by mimicking the natural process of building them.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season ahead of Storm Abigail, which could bring gusts of up to 80mph to parts of northern and western Scotland.
Lung cancer patients should not be treated with whole brain radiotherapy, according to a study published in the Lancet medical journal.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for the second time in three years.
Scottish boxer Liam Taylor says he would beat Ricky Burns if he fought the WBA super-lightweight world champion in Edinburgh next month but wants to wait before challenging for a world title.
Aberdeen have signed striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and residents of a town in the country's eastern province of Eastern Province have continued for a second day, with reports of gunfire and explosions in the area.
Turkish forces have been exchanging fire with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria, as they try to drive the group out of the area.
Scottish Labour's new leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will make decisions about the party's future in Scotland "here in Scotland and they will be made by me".
A woman has found the final piece of treasure in a treasure hunt in which five artefacts, including a golden train and a golden shell, were hidden in Scunthorpe Arts Centre.
The family of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks have asked a coroner to order her body to be exhumed for an inquest into her death.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of teenager Paige Doherty, who was found dead in woodland in West Dunbartonshire last month.
A new search and rescue helicopter base in south Wales has completed its first mission, responding to an emergency call-out in just seven minutes.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has said he has "major concerns" over the state of Irish boxing following a row over the selection of two Irish boxers for next month's European Championships.
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for airstrikes and ground force to be used against the group to "eradicate" it.
Warwickshire reached the One-Day Cup semi-finals for the first time in four years as Matt Trott's unbeaten century helped them beat Essex by eight wickets.
Haiti's interim President, Jean-Bertrand Privert, has been sacked by the National Assembly after less than a month in office, the country's Senate has announced.
The second flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean last month has been recovered from the sea off the coast of Egypt, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will "not succeed by acting in isolation" in the fight against terrorism, the prime minister has said, as she called for greater co-operation with other countries in the Five Eyes security alliance.
The Supreme Court has ruled that employment tribunal fees for discrimination cases in England and Wales are unlawful and unconstitutionally discriminate against women.
A goalkeeper for Iran's national football team has been banned from playing for six months because of his choice of trousers, sparking outrage on social media in the country.
Lindsey Vonn equalled the record for the most World Cup super-G wins by a female Alpine skier with a comfortable victory in Germany on Sunday.
Firefighters have warned people to keep an eye on their hoverboards and other "on charge" devices after two fires in London in the space of a month.
Scotland and Ireland have been drawn in the same group as England in the men's World Twenty20, which gets under way in India this week.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website, with highlights later on the BBC One Sport website.
The owners of a guest house have been fined more than £7,000 after a guest fell through a balcony balustrade while on holiday.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary and Liberal Democrat leader, says he is "disappointed" by the lack of progress on vocational education in England, and is calling for the government to make it a legal requirement for apprenticeships to be given the same status as university degrees.
Plans to close a public swimming pool in Derbyshire have been shelved in a bid to save money, the council leader has said.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death nine years ago have said they have been "completely let down by the justice system" after being told his killer will be released from prison after just nine years.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported a drop in sales in its Scotch whisky business, despite a rise in profits.
More than 2,000 people have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for the return of residents of the Chagos Islands to their former home in the Indian Ocean.
Oscar-nominated actor Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to play a "demanding" role in Manchester by the Sea, and that his co-star Matt Damon was a "good man" for pulling out of the film.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia's north-eastern Puntland region have released the crew without paying a ransom, the Sri Lankan foreign ministry has said.
A seven-year-old Muslim girl has been placed in the care of a Muslim foster family in east London after her mother was found to be a carer for a child from a minority ethnic group, the BBC has learned.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has said it is "disrespectful" that a fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry was started deliberately.
Drivers are to be fined for entering a restricted area of a city centre street for the first time since a council abandoned a scheme in 2014 after it was found it was not enforceable.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first quarter of the year, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here, the German mapping technology firm.
A positive outlook on life may be linked to a lower death risk in later life, according to researchers at Harvard University in the US.
Aberdeen-based Easyjet has announced it is to launch flights between Durham Tees Valley Airport and Aberdeen and Aberdeen International Airport.
The man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida on Friday has been charged with murder, the US Department of Justice has said.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than three years in the final three months of 2014, despite a surge in consumer spending, according to official figures.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey (BGS) and University College London say they have discovered a "giant sponge" of underground water that could provide drinking and irrigation water for millions of people in Africa.
Charlton recorded their first league win of the season as they came from behind to beat 10-man Bolton and move into the League One play-off places with a 2-1 victory at the Racecourse Ground.
Glasgow Warriors have extended the contracts of Scotland Under-20 internationals Alex Rae and Sohrab Bhatti for a further two years, with both signing new two-year deals with the Pro12 club.
Johnny Sexton and Rob Kearney have been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa because of injuries, with four players called up to the squad on Friday.
Flooding has been reported in parts of south and mid Wales as the Met Office warned of more heavy rain in the coming days.
Wimbledon is one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world, and it's the biggest event in the sport in the UK.
The driver of a double-decker bus has been praised for keeping everyone safe after the vehicle caught fire on a rural road in North Ayrshire.
The UK's cities face "significant economic challenges" as the country leaves the European Union, according to a new study.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a seaside village in southern Italy as a huge wildfire rages on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius, in the wake of months of drought and high temperatures.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed as the first female bishop of the diocese at a service in the cathedral.
Alassane Ouattara is the president of the Central African Republic, a former IMF deputy managing director who won a second five-year term in office in 2015, becoming the country's first democratically elected leader since the end of a civil war in 2002.
Technology is changing the way we go to events, according to Cvent, a London-based event management company co-founded by Sanjay Aggarwal, who is also the co-founder of tech firm Eventbrite.
Ospreys maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons in a game played on a muddy pitch at Rodney Parade.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjrekar looks at the history of brand names in India, and why Zica, a car with a name that sounds like a lethal virus, has been given the go-ahead to go on sale.
US carmaker General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India as part of cost-cutting measures, but will continue to make cars for overseas markets.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for "many" players in the Championship, despite the striker scoring twice for the third time in his last three games.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was killed in a "despicable" attack outside a bar in Powys in May.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound market during a visit to the south London borough.
Hundreds of whales stranded on a beach in New Zealand are being refloated by rescuers as they try to save more than 400 that have washed up on the beach.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn out in force for Sunday's crucial World Cup qualifier against Slovenia in a bid to give the national team a chance of reaching Euro 2016.
Surrey moved to the top of the County Championship table for the first time this season with a five-wicket win over Warwickshire at The Oval, despite a valiant second-innings fightback by the Bears.
Three British teenagers who were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of attempting to join Islamic State militants have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said.
Dyfed-Powys and north Wales police forces have been rated "inadequate" in a report into the performance of the police forces in England and Wales.
The government is in talks with head teachers and academy chains about taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about religious extremism, the BBC has learned.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco striker Nabil Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was jailed for six months for sending an "offensive" tweet after an airport was closed has launched an appeal against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it possible to run a small company without having a boss?
Passengers had to run out on to the wing of a plane and leap onto the ground after it was forced to make an emergency landing due to a series of faults, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been called up to the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa, the first since the defeat by India in February.
Dozens of eye operations have been cancelled after a mobile operating theatre failed to operate on dozens of patients at a Lancashire hospital, causing some to experience "unusual level of discomfort" after surgery.
A court in Germany has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight alleged members of a "terrorist group" accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum-seekers and left-wing groups.
EU funding has not had an impact on the Welsh economy despite the country voting to leave the EU, the first minister has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the Libyan man convicted of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am flight 103, is one of the UK's longest-serving prisoners.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian and Babylonian artefacts in Iraq, in what is believed to be the first such attack by the militant group.
Flooding in parts of the UK has forced thousands of people to be evacuated from their homes and thousands more to be forced to move out of their homes.
Talk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of March, as the company continues to be hit by the impact of last year's cyber attack.
Dutch brewer Heineken has been told to submit plans for its planned £1.2bn takeover of Punch Taverns to the competition watchdog, after it found that some areas of the UK could be "diminished" by the deal.
A £1.5m research centre has been officially opened in Aberdeen aimed at developing new technology for the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, the Championship club have confirmed.
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for their part in a multi-million pound drugs operation that involved the "widespread supply" of Class A and Class B drugs across Northern Ireland and the UK.
This year's BBC News School Report is a celebration of the work of 11 to 16-year-olds in England and Wales who are taking part in BBC News Day, which takes place on 16 March 2017.
An Iron Age hill fort in Gwynedd may have been occupied much later than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
Police are investigating whether a gun used in an attack on a police car in west Belfast was used in a dissident republicans' attempt to kill officers, the BBC has learned.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to Parliament in protest at the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity which provided support to some of the most deprived young people in the UK.
Filipe Nyusi has been the president of Mozambique since he was elected in October 2014, becoming the country's first elected leader since the end of a long civil war in the 1990s.
Bristol City Council has been accused of wasting up to £6m on a "one-sided bargain" with a park-and-ride operator after it was revealed it had been paying a subsidy of £5m-£6m for the service for 14 years.
Up to 200,000 children in England and Wales could face poverty as a result of changes to the way families claim benefits, say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs to be overhauled to ensure it is fit for the 21st Century, according to a new report.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for his role in the 1998 bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, in a case that sparked a political row over the detention of al-Qaeda suspects.
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, subject to international clearance.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset is not only the biggest energy project in the UK for decades, it is also one of the biggest in the history of the French state-owned energy company, EDF.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who has been found dead at his home in Pontarddulais.
The United States says it has killed Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, Jabhat al-Nusra, in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed midfielder Lee Tomlin on a two-year deal following his release by Championship rivals Bolton Wanderers.
Kieran Williams scored twice as Bristol Rovers beat Doncaster Rovers to reach the second round of the EFL Cup for the first time in four years.
Nottingham Forest director of football Les Collymore has pulled out of the running to become the club's new chief executive, BBC Radio Nottingham reports.
Widnes Vikings say the artificial pitch used for their Super League match against Warrington on Saturday posed "no more danger to players than on any other surface over the weekend" and that the freezing temperatures may have been to blame for some of their players' injuries.
Plans for a £50m revamp of Keynsham town centre have been unveiled as part of plans to save £2.6m from Bath and North East Somerset Council's budget.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal from the 2017-18 Pro12 season.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a Hillsborough charity out of more than £10,000 by posing as a busker.
Probation officers in England and Wales have called for "urgent remedial action" to improve the way offenders do unpaid work, after a report found many were not completing their sentences on time.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington on Tuesday, with Joe Marler replacing Brad Shields as captain.
Adele's new single, Hello, has become the fastest-selling single of the year in the UK after it was released on Friday, with more than 200,000 downloads in its first 24 hours.
The search for a man who has been missing for more than a month in the Scottish Borders has been called off for the time being.
Hundreds of teaching assistants have taken part in a rally in Durham in a bid to end a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election presents an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland, as she launched her general election campaign in south Wales.
The melting of sea ice in the Arctic has been described as "unprecedented" by one of the world's leading scientists and could have far-reaching implications for the weather in Europe.
A Muslim man who became the first openly gay man in the UK to marry a Muslim man has said he has received death threats since the ceremony.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the One-Day Cup final for the second year in a row after they beat Surrey to reach the final at Twickenham.
The Mad Hatter, Cheshire Cat and Alice in Wonderland are among the characters featured in a new virtual reality app for the town of Llandudno in Conwy.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus and a lorry were involved in a crash on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have accused Highways England of carrying out a "sham" consultation into "modest" road improvements to ease congestion on the A1 in the south of the county.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa president Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years after being found guilty of ethics breaches by Fifa's ethics committee.
Archaeologists have discovered a "square megalithic circle" inside a huge Neolithic stone circle in Wiltshire, they have said.
A woman suffered "devastating" facial injuries when she was attacked by a "dangerous" dog in Lincoln, police have said.
Cardiff Devils are capable of winning the Challenge Cup and Elite League title this season, according to their goalkeeper Craig Bowns, despite missing out on a trophy for the first time in their history.
A boy who developed a rare form of narcolepsy after being given a flu jab has been awarded £120,000 in compensation by the government.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned while swimming in the sea at the beach.
Police in Wales have issued a warning after reports of people dressing up as clowns running through gardens, jumping from trees and peering through windows.
A former IRA man who was jailed for murder in the 1970s has won the right to challenge a request by the PSNI for copies of interviews he gave to a US university on the Troubles.
Cardiff City left-back Bruno Ecuele Manga is set to return to training later this week after recovering from a virus that could have been malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Cambridge United, who missed the chance to go top of the table as they were held to a goalless draw at Molineux.
UKIP MEP Neil Gill is facing calls from within his own party for him to step down as the party's general election candidate in north Wales, saying he has failed to represent the rank-and-file in the way he has been selected.
Tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died in a two-vehicle crash on the A9 in Aberdeenshire.
The number of insects in the UK could be on the verge of extinction, according to a conservation charity.
Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to take military action against so-called Islamic State militants in Syria has been widely expected for some time, but it's still a significant moment for the UK's foreign policy, and for his own political future.
A gunman has opened fire at a gay bar in the centre of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding eight people, three of them seriously, police say.
Sony has confirmed it is to stop making its Reader e-readers in Europe and will stop making the PRS-T3 model, its latest attempt to compete with Amazon's Kindles and Nook.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors placed at a holy site in Jerusalem after days of violent protests over the installation of the devices, which sparked a diplomatic crisis.
Wales is set to see an increase in rainfall and storms as a result of climate change, the Welsh government has warned ahead of a summit on flooding in Cardiff on Monday.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are five teams in the race for the Premier League title who can beat his side to the title this season.
A police dog that attacked a man in Cumbria has been put down after suffering puncture wounds, the force has said.
Eugene, a chatbot created by two Russian scientists, has passed the "Turing Test" for the first time, according to the organisers of an event at the University of Reading.
Six Scottish swimmers have been selected for Team GB's swimming squad for the 2016 Olympics in Rio after qualifying in time for the Rio Games.
Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby was booed off the Olympic stage after refusing to shake the hand of his opponent in the men's -57kg judo final when he refused to bow to Israel's Yasser Sasson.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to four points with victory over Hamilton Academical at Inverness Caley Thistle.
South Africa is the largest country on the African continent and one of the fastest-growing economies on the continent, with a population of more than 50 million people.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to "see" inside the brain that could help them find clues to Alzheimer's disease.
British number one Johanna Konta says she will not be distracted by talk of her becoming the first woman to win Wimbledon women's singles title for 40 years.
The roll-out of smart meters across the UK has been delayed for the third time in less than a year.
The assembly has rejected a motion calling for a review of on-street parking arrangements in Northern Ireland, which would have seen fines cut from £90 to £45 if the bill is paid within 14 days.
Complaints were made to Conservative Central Office about bullying in the party's youth wing in 2010, according to one of the activists involved in compiling a "dossier" which was given to the party chairman Lord Feldman, it has been claimed.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Anglesey when it became stuck in rough seas.
St Mary's Magherafelt beat St Ronan's 0-17 to 0-11 in the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship semi-final at the Dub on Friday night.
Two high-resolution Earth-observing cameras have been successfully attached to the International Space Station (ISS) for the first time in more than a year.
A schoolboy from a remote village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has become the country's top school topper in the secondary school exams for the second year in a row.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols has been recommended following the deaths of three fishermen who died when their crab boat sank last year.
Satellite images from space have revealed the locations of more than 1,000 ancient pyramids in Egypt, according to a US-led team of archaeologists.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the discovery of a woman's body at a house in Greater Manchester, police have said.
The final episode of BBC One's romantic comedy series Miranda has been watched by more than 7m viewers in the UK, with critics hailing it as a "masterclass of romantic comedy writing and performance".
When Apple unveiled its new smartwatch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in September, it was seen as one of the biggest tech launches of the year - and one that would change the way we all use our smartwatches.
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a deal with Sainbury's to sell its products in the supermarket chain's stores.
"What time does your website close?" in Poole and "Can I exercise my kestrel on your tip?" are among the "bizarre" calls made to councils in England and Wales in the past year, according to the Local Government Association.
A "unique" painting of the coronation of King Charles II has been found in a County Durham park - but the owner of the painting says he does not know how it came to be there.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in a Gloucestershire village have been approved by a planning inspector, despite more than 1,000 objections from local residents.
Mental health patients are being taken to A&E departments by police instead of being detained in custody, a leading doctor has said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he wants to play golf for another five to 10 years after announcing his retirement from the sport.
The European Cup final at Cardiff's Principality Stadium will be one of the biggest nights of the season for Welsh football fans.
The NBA and video game maker Take-Two have announced a partnership that will see the creation of an e-sports league that will feature teams that will play in the NBA 2K video game.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system, despite reports that a missile misfired during a test just days before MPs voted to replace it.
Andy Murray's rise to the top of the world rankings is the latest in a long line of achievements in British sport to come from a man who has already provided so much: the first Olympic gold medal, and then a second, just hours later, from the same man.
Aston Villa have signed winger Scott Sinclair from Manchester City for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Criterium du Dauphine for the third time in four years to take the overall lead ahead of this year's Tour de France.
Joe Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends and road manager, has died at the age of 83.
Shares in airlines Easyjet and IAG were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Monday after the airline group said it was cutting its full-year profit forecast.
One of the last remaining flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing just hours before it was due to take part in an air show display.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl from her home and taking her to a house where she was sexually assaulted.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen by more than a third in the past five years, official figures show.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title this season would not be a "tragedy" if they failed to qualify for the Champions League.
The Rolling Stones, Sir Elton John and Kylie Minogue are some of the biggest names in the world of music, but how much would it cost to get them to play in your town or city?
Microsoft has unveiled a collection of the best-selling Halo video games for its new Xbox One console at the E3 games show, in a move that could prove to be a boost for the console's chances of success.
Tributes have been paid to British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, who has died at the age of 41 after suffering a cardiac arrest.
Home Secretary Theresa May has been urged to ban two US anti-Islam activists from attending an event organised by the English Defence League (EDL).
US President Barack Obama has urged Donald Trump to use his presidency to "send some signals of unity" to minority groups and women, following his election victory over Hillary Clinton.
A passenger train has derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 100 others, police say.
Glamorgan have announced the dates for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign, which will start in July and run until the end of the season in September.
Former TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving after being arrested on suspicion of driving while over the drink-drive limit.
A police officer who was caught up in the crush that killed two students at a nightclub has told an inquest it was "absolute carnage" as he tried to get through the crowd to help them.
A woman who was raped by two men who forced her into the back of a car with her two-year-old child has been released without charge.
Former world number one Jimmy Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after being beaten by John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship because of his Crohn's disease.
A woman who became an "inspirational" campaigner for brain cancer research after being diagnosed with a Grade 3 tumour has died, her family has said.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) said it would keep interest rates on hold, but shares in Dollar General rose after it reported better-than-expected profits.
A huge sinkhole has opened up near a football stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, just days before the start of a World Cup match.
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford at Griffin Park.
The president of the International Ski Federation has apologised for comparing Russia's doping scandal to the Holocaust, saying he was "not OK for this" when he made the comparison.
Two British tourists have been arrested at the Machu Picchu archaeological site in Peru after they were found to be naked in the ruins of the Inca citadel, police have said.
Chinese authorities have confirmed for the first time that a warehouse that exploded in the northern city of Tianjin on Friday contained the toxic chemical sodium cyanide, which caused the deaths of more than 100 people and injured more than 1,000 others.
The use of unqualified teachers in schools in England is " jeopardising the educational progress of children", says the head of the NASUWT teachers' union, as the general election campaign gets under way.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in Edinburgh's Meadows in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the party into the next general election, saying he will use the support of his supporters to campaign for the party in local elections next year.
Europe's genetic make-up is a mix of hunter-gatherers, farmers and migrants from the Middle East, according to a new analysis of ancient DNA.
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic State militant group has said she is considering changing the name of her shop after receiving death threats.
Gordonstoun School has said it is "shocked and saddened" by a new allegation of historical abuse at the school.
Labour will commit to a "clear plan for a fully integrated railway in public ownership" if it wins the general election, leader Jeremy Corbyn has said, as he announced plans to renationalise the railways.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was groomed by a teacher and taken to France to have sex with him has spoken out for the first time about the ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of their summer transfer window by bringing in France Under-20 international midfielder Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from French side Anderlecht for a fee believed to be in the region of £12m.
China's consumer prices rose by more than expected in June, helped by a rise in the cost of food, official figures have shown.
Nigeria's former national team coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the results he has achieved at Dutch second-tier side Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are subject to copyright and may not be reproduced without permission.
The fuselage of an RAF Hercules cargo plane has been moved to a museum for the first time in more than 50 years after being dismantled and transported by lorry.
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco while their four children were in the country, the Foreign Office has said.
Pictures courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images, Reuters and Reuters.
Guernsey Football Club have been given until Monday to decide if they want to compete in the FA Cup after being told they will have to pay for any replays of their matches in England.
A film based on the life of Marvel co-creator Stan Lee is to be made by 20th Century Fox, according to reports.
A new cyber security group has been set up in Wrexham in a bid to help people and businesses in the north Wales area stay safe from cyber attacks.
More than £500,000 has been raised for the dogs that were rescued from a fire at a Greater Manchester rescue centre after a blaze that killed at least 15 dogs.
More than 50% of athletes at the 2011 World Athletics Championships tested positive for banned substances, according to research published in the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) journal.
Leicestershire batsman James Vince has been named in England's Twenty20 squad for the World Cup in India, which starts in March.
A singer-songwriter has found the grave of his great great grandfather, who inspired the lyrics to his song Dora, after a search for his family history led him to a cemetery in the Highlands.
The Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been repainted in a new shade of green for the first time since it was taken out of service in 1963.
Saracens wing Nick Tompkins has signed a new contract with the Premiership club until the end of the season.
Joss Whedon, the director of Avengers: Age of Ultron, has revealed the name of the film's villain at Comic-Con in San Diego, USA.
At Moco-Moco Secondary School, in a remote corner of the Rupununi Savannah in the South American country of Guyana, a few dozen pupils sit in rows of desks lined up in neat rows, one on each side of a whiteboard.
A snake thought to be one of the world's deadliest snakes has been put down by the Scottish SPCA after it was found on a ship in Aberdeen.
A "predator" who travelled to the US to have sex with young boys has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography and paying for sex with a nine-year-old Mexican boy.
Wrestling is set to make its way into China for the first time, as the world's biggest wrestling organisation tries to break into the country's growing sports market.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a hot trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio, Texas, in the early hours of Saturday, officials say.
A police officer who was seriously injured when he was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house in south-west London has been awarded the Queen's Gold Medal for bravery.
The maker of Irn Bru, Strathmore bottled water and Rubicon soft drinks has reported a rise in profits and plans to restart glass bottling at its Moodiesburn plant, but said the UK consumer environment remains "uncertain".
A man has been shot dead and another wounded by police in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a white officer in the town.
Madonna's promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, by wearing a string around her head like a 'rebelheart' - a symbol of her support for civil rights activists.
Striker Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan came from behind to draw with Colchester at the DW Stadium.
Charli XCX says she wants to "take over the world" as a songwriter and has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani and Rhianna.
Apple and Facebook have become the latest technology giants to offer their US employees the option of freezing their eggs to help them conceive and raise their families.
Muhammad Ali would have beaten Wladimir Klitschko and Tyson Fury if he had fought them in the 1970s, says former world heavyweight champion Joe Shavers, who fought 'The Greatest' four years before he was knocked out by the man who would go on to become world champion.
UK interest rates were held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's interest rate-setting committee at its latest meeting on Tuesday, as the economy continues to face "headwinds" from global growth and falling oil prices.
The best-of-seven World Series between the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians will be played at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Wednesday, ending a 108-year wait for the first title in the history of the sport.
The Scottish government has said it will work "closely" with Holyrood on new powers after Brexit as the government unveiled its programme for government in the Queen's Speech.
There should be a "very distinct separation" between the RSPCA's public interest role in bringing prosecutions and its political and commercial role, an MP has said.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) on its Maps platform, using photographs taken by astronauts on board the space station.
More than 1,000 swimmers and kayakers have taken part in Tenby's annual New Year's Day swim in the North Sea.
HSBC has named the chief executive of Asia's biggest insurance company, AIA, Bob Tucker, as its new chairman, the bank has announced.
The head of the US delegation at the UN climate talks in Morocco, John Pershing, has said he is confident the Paris climate agreement can be sustained despite the incoming Trump administration.
Tom Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup for the first time in the club's history.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being trapped in the roof of a nightclub for more than 12 hours during Christmas Eve celebrations.
The government is set to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK on 9 May, following a High Court ruling that it must produce a plan within six weeks.
The government has pledged £1m towards the £4m cost of a memorial to police officers who have died in the line of duty, after a trust set up in memory of a murdered officer made an appeal for funds.
Craig Whyte and David Forsythe scored late goals as Crusaders beat Linfield to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership to seven points.
ScotRail has announced plans to create up to 100 new train drivers as part of a £5bn investment in Scotland's railways.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" not responsible for the alleged mismanagement of the state investment fund 1MDB, as US authorities move to seize assets linked to the scandal.
Mae'r rheithgor ysgol yn Rhagfyr 2014 yn cael ei hadnabod fel Ann Carhart yn broffesiynol yng Nghymru wedi ei gwestiynu gan yr heddlu
Pregnant migrant women in Germany are paying thousands of euros to have fake fathers registered in order to stay in the country and claim asylum, officials say.
Fines for data breaches in the UK are set to more than treble in the coming year, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
The Shroud of Turin, one of the world's most famous religious artefacts, has been opened to the public for the first time in more than a decade for public viewings, the Roman Catholic Church has said.
Visitors from outside the UK could be charged for using the NHS in Wales later this year, the health secretary has said, amid growing calls for such charges to be introduced.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out an underground test of an H-bomb, which it says is capable of carrying out a nuclear attack on the United States.
A jury in the trial of former DUP MP David Ford has been discharged after finding not guilty of child sex abuse charges against the former DUP leader, Ian Paisley.
The Scottish government has been accused of carrying out a "sham consultation" on the roll-out of its named person scheme, a year after it was halted by the Supreme Court.
Nottingham Forest have signed Everton left-back Jack Browning on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months.
Aberdeen children from the 1950s have been asked to take part in a major study of their health as part of research into genetic and environmental factors behind common illnesses.
France's ethnic Chinese community in the north-east of the country has been protesting against what they say is a rise in the number of racist attacks on Chinese nationals, following the death of a Chinese tailor last month, reports the BBC's Yolande Knell in Aubervilliers.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, with the S&P 500 moving into positive territory for the year and the Dow Jones closing above 17,600 for the first time.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second-quarter sales of 1.6bn euros ($1.8bn; Â£1.3bn), helped by strong demand for its Mercedes-Benz cars in China.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to the violence in Syria, saying that no-one has the right to kill.
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the second quarter of its financial year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS games consoles continued to lag behind demand.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places as they came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Burton Albion in a low-key game at the John Smith's Stadium.
When workmen at the North Central Council (NCP) in Cambridgeshire painted the word "I" on a road marking outside a primary school, it was the latest in a string of spelling mistakes that have been made by local authorities across the UK.
A British aid worker who was killed by the Pakistani Taliban was unlawfully killed, an inquest into his death has concluded.
Wimbledon finalist Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis, ending a career that has lasted more than four years.
Plans to install overhead electricity cables in a Gwynedd forest will go ahead, a High Court judge has ruled, despite a legal challenge.
China has launched its first internet court, which allows people to sue each other via the internet, in an attempt to cut down on the time it takes to resolve legal disputes.
Shares in Samsung C&T, one of South Korea's biggest construction firms, have fallen sharply after shareholders in the company voted to approve a $10bn (Â£6.3bn) takeover by Samsung Electronics.
Legal action is being taken against Northampton Borough Council over plans to sell an ancient Egyptian statue to raise money for heritage projects, the BBC has learned.
Yorkshire will begin their bid for a third successive County Championship title when they host Essex at Headingley in the first game of the 2015 season in March.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend and dismembered his body before dumping it in a suitcase in a lay-by, a court has heard.
UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives in the assembly, BBC Wales understands.
Russia's main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been charged by the Russian authorities with inciting hatred against the state and inciting violence, in the wake of a series of attacks on journalists and activists.
Rangers eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship with an impressive display of attacking football that saw the hosts reduced to 10 men in the second half.
Uganda has said it will withdraw all of its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month, as part of efforts to end the civil war in the world's youngest country.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of a £5m windfall from the Libor rigging scandal, the government has announced.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records for the fastest lap of the Isle of Wight in the same day in a record-breaking race.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Jack Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club next season in the hope of helping them stay in the Premier League.
A former chief executive of a Welsh health board has said she has been unable to get cancer treatment in Wales because the drug she needs is not routinely available in the country.
James Disley's late goal gave Forest Green Rovers victory over Grimsby Town to move them level on points with National League leaders Cheltenham Town at the top of the table.
An Austrian scientist is attempting to set a new world record for the largest model of a crystal, which he says will be displayed in Vienna for a billion times the size of the world.
In a recent interview, Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry that led to the impeachment of former President Bill Clinton, said that Hillary Clinton should be "proud" of her husband, and that he should "look forward" to her becoming the next US president.
Belfast's transport minister, David Hazzard, has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city from seven to seven hours a day.
The greatest foreign policy disasters have tended to come when the UK has either ignored America - such as when it joined France in invading Suez - or when it has followed the US too blindly, as in the invasion of Iraq, against the warnings of many in Europe.
Formula 1 bosses were unable to agree on a new qualifying system for the Bahrain Grand Prix because of an "unwillingness" to revert to the 2015 system, according to two of the sport's bosses.
Scott Perry beat Stuart Bingham 6-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the UK Championship, while Mark Allen beat John Higgins 6-5 to book his place in the last eight.
Russia and Ukraine's state TV channels have been sharply different in their coverage of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, with the Russian media portraying pro-Russian separatists in the south-east as "terrorists" and the Ukrainian army as weak, disorganised and suffering from poor morale.
Worcestershire all-rounder Joe Leach and Ed Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to put their side in a strong position against Leicestershire on day three at Grace Road.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah, who was killed by a man who claimed to be a Muslim convert.
Spotify, the world's biggest music streaming service, has announced a raft of new non-music content for its app, as it tries to compete with Apple's and Tidal's efforts to win back customers.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "doesn't know how good he is" after his error-strewn display in the draw with Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a budget airline flight - in what is thought to be the first time the prime minister has been photographed eating a snack on a plane.
An ex-serviceman who wrote a children's book about the Falklands War has enlisted the help of fellow ex-soldiers to help bring the conflict to life in a series of animated films and radio plays.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's heptathlon on the final day of the IPC Athletics World Championships in Salzburg.
Donald Trump, Jeremy Corbyn and Jose Mujica are two of the US presidential candidates who have been praised for being authentic politicians, for standing up to the political establishment and for staying true to their convictions.
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.
UKIP has defended the way it dealt with a complaint about the conduct of its leader in the Welsh Assembly who has been accused of being "abrasive and discourteous" to party members.
Australian investigators have begun examining the cause of a plane crash in Essendon, Victoria, which killed five people, in what police have described as a "catastrophic" engine failure.
The last surviving member of the Nazi Waffen SS, who was convicted of killing three Dutch resistance fighters during World War Two, has been moved to a prison in Germany after his appeal against his life sentence was rejected.
A Palestinian woman who was seriously injured in a firebombing in the occupied West Bank that killed her toddler son and her husband has died in an Israeli hospital, her family has said.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he is to step down after more than two decades in power.
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans to buy a house or car than to make repayments on unsecured loans, according to a survey of more than 1,000 people.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by three men who forced their way into a house in Inverness.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is "not for sale", according to manager Mauricio Pochettino, who says there is "impossible to put a price" on the striker's head.
The Scottish government has said it will do all it can to help safeguard the future of the Arches nightclub and arts venue in Glasgow, despite the closure of the venue putting 130 jobs at risk.
Shares in Lonmin have jumped sharply after the embattled South African miner said it would raise $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in a rights issue, sending its shares up more than 10% in early trade.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who has been missing for more than a year has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Cornish Pirates have signed former England Under-20 international scrum-half Ben Youngs on a one-year contract.
Work to repair a Grade II-listed railway station has begun as part of a £1.5m refurbishment project.
Torquay United secured their place in the National League for next season with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby in the final game of the season at Plainmoor.
More than 100,000 people who signed a petition calling for a second EU referendum to be held if there was a turnout of less than 75% have been told by the Foreign Office it will not be considered for a parliamentary debate.
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence reduced on appeal after his lawyers argued that it was "excessive" and "inconsistent" with current sentencing practice.
A group of voters have launched a legal challenge to the re-election of a mayor of a London borough on the grounds that he should not have been re-elected in the first place.
A children's book prize named after Roald Dahl is to be revived after a "phenomenal" eight-year run, it has been announced.
Somalia's youngest cabinet minister has been shot dead by security forces in a "friendly fire" accident, officials say, in what is believed to be the first such killing in the country in more than two decades.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them win promotion to the Premier League.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve has heard police believe the man may have been from Vietnam.
A look back at some of the key stories in the news over the past week:.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after they were arrested in Berkshire on Saturday night, police have said.
The Canadian government has launched an inquiry into the deaths of more than 1,000 indigenous women and girls who have gone missing in the country over the past 50 years.
A Kuwaiti man held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre for more than a decade has been released and flown home to Kuwait, his lawyer has said.
The NHS in England has launched a new breast implant registry, which will record the details of all patients who have undergone cosmetic surgery in the country.
A self-driving police robot has crashed into a wall in a shopping centre in San Francisco, in what the company behind it has described as a "terrifying" accident.
A 15-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a man in Bristol as she walked home from a night out with friends, police have said.
If you want to be a game maker, make games today, and finish them as many as you can, says Jake Habgood, a former game-maker who now heads a software and games development degree course at Sheffield Hallam University.
Movistar's Gorka Izagirre won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels retained the overall lead in a sprint finish to the penultimate stage in Peschici.
The UK is enjoying a "Brexit bounce" in the number of international tourists visiting the country, according to the tourism agency VisitBritain, and the industry is predicting a sharp rise in visitor numbers this year.
The Irish foreign minister has said the government is in talks with the Egyptian government about the case of an Irishman who has been charged with terrorism-related offences in Cairo.
An investigation has been launched after a florist was targeted by scammers posing as TalkTalk staff.
An MP is to introduce a bill in the House of Commons which would ban lawyers from cross-examining rape victims in court about their sexual history.
Former Rangers player and first-team coach David Durrant has left his role as youth coach at Ibrox after only one season in charge of the club's first team.
Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League One play-off semi-final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday, 3 September.
Cornish Reds head coach Chris Churcher has praised his side's front row after they beat Chinnor on Saturday to move within a point of the National Two South play-off places.
It has been a great experience for me to be involved with Melbourne City and winning the Australian Women's Grand Final against Perth Glory was one of the best feelings I've had in a long time.
UKIP has confirmed that one of its candidates for the party's leadership will be allowed to stand in the general election, despite her anti-Islam views being branded "unacceptable" by some in the party.
British number one Johanna Konta has been named in the main draw for the Aegon International in Nottingham next month.
A van Gogh painting that was hung in a cafe in London's West End is not a work by the Dutch artist, a leading expert has claimed.
An exhibition of rare and endangered animals from around the world has opened at Windsor Castle to mark the 150th anniversary of the opening of the Prince Regent's Gallery in the grounds of Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has decided to delay the launch of its mission to Mars from 2018 to 2020, a delay that will put the spacecraft four years behind schedule and add a significant amount of risk to the already risky mission.
Katie O'Donoghue is a runner who's had a lot of support from people around the world after she collapsed during a half-marathon and needed to be taken to hospital.
A century from wicketkeeper-batsman Ben Davies helped Surrey beat Yorkshire by eight wickets to reach the One-Day Cup semi-finals at Lord's and end the hosts' hopes of reaching the final for the first time since 2007.
French police have carried out a major security operation at Paris's Saint-Denis railway station, leading to the evacuation of the city's main station and the suspension of all services.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to fluoresce cancerous tissue so they can see how it spreads around the body, using 3D imaging technology.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) as heavy rains continue to batter the southern city, officials say.
The battle for the Democratic nomination for the US presidential race is heating up, and it's not just between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, the two front-runners in the race for the party's presidential nomination.
At least 13 people have been killed in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state when a device picked up by a vigilante group celebrating an operation against Boko Haram exploded, an MP has told the BBC.
Parliament is coming to a close with the general election just over a month away, but there is still plenty of time for MPs and peers to get their work done before the end of the current Parliament on 5 May.
A two-storey block of flats in a chaotic, pixelated style, with a sloping roof, has been described as "trendy" and "fantastic" by its architects.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a roller-coaster ride, writes former British heptathlon coach Chris Minichiello, who has been part of the journey from nine-year-old heptathlete to Olympic gold medallist, world champion to world champion.
Facebook and Microsoft are teaming up with Spanish telecommunications firm Telefonica to help build a high-speed internet cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham with her granddaughter Princess Anne, a day after she missed the Christmas Day service at the same venue.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia for the first time since his son was granted asylum in the country, saying he is "not sure" his son will return to the US.
A team of US researchers has successfully implanted a tiny wireless device into a rabbit and used it to control the animal's heart, in a study that could pave the way for a new generation of medical implants, they say.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed half-back Matty Sneyd from Hull FC on a two-year deal for the 2017 Super League season, with the option of a further 12 months.
Two people have been taken to hospital with minor injuries after a car overturned on the M8 motorway in Dumfries and Galloway following a crash involving a lorry.
Cuba has condemned US President Donald Trump's new policy on Cuba, saying it will "toughen the embargo" imposed by his predecessor, Barack Obama.
The number of confirmed cases of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot is at its highest level for three years, Public Health Wales has said.
Rescue teams in Taiwan are searching for survivors after a passenger plane crashed into a river, killing at least 22 people and injuring 15 others, officials say.
Two "completely new" species of magnolias have been discovered in Mexico after being discovered on an online encyclopaedia of flora and fauna.
Carers who work with children in nurseries and primary schools in Wales are to be given more recognition under a new Welsh government plan to improve the careers of early years staff.
An astronaut on board the International Space Station has played the bagpipes made for him by a Scottish company while he was in space.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" after being left out of the starting line-up for the last two games of the season.
Midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City reached the Continental Cup semi-finals with a 1-0 win over Brondby in the first leg of their last-16 tie at Etihad Stadium.
A Falkirk couple have become Scotland's biggest lottery winner after they scooped a £60m Euromillions jackpot after matching five numbers and one Lucky Star.
It's been more than a week since a series of attacks took place in Brussels, the capital of Belgium, in which dozens of people were killed and many more were injured.
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US on terrorism charges after being extradited from Afghanistan, where he was held for five years as a suspected Taliban commander.
Perth City Council has said it has received a "significant change in circumstances" to the Seventy Group's bid to turn the city's former concert hall into a hotel and food market.
Northern Ireland's progress to next summer's European Championship finals is a "remarkable achievement", according to performance analysis coach David Macphee, who was Scotland's assistant manager at Euro 2016.
Badger culling groups have been urged to take up an offer of funding to vaccinate their animals against bovine TB as part of a government scheme to reduce the number of the animals culled in England.
Urinary catheters should be "state of the art" and not "the lowly" device they are today, a leading urology expert has said.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been left out of Nigeria's 23-man squad for Sunday's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon in Lagos because of injury.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two new colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez, saying they were "irresponsible" and will not be allowed to go on sale.
A councillor who posted an anti-Irish tweet which is being investigated by police as a suspected hate crime has resigned as a magistrates' court judge.
A report into an "offensive stereotyping" incident involving medical students at Cardiff University has highlighted "specific and overarching issues" the institution needs to address.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has visited Auschwitz-Birkenau, one of the Nazi concentration camps where more than one million Jews were killed during World War Two, as part of a week-long trip to Warsaw.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital following a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday afternoon.
Formula 1's strategy group has made a series of changes to the sport's cars, engines and tyres for 2017 - and it will be a very different sport in two years' time if they are confirmed.
A jewellery shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen during a burglary in the early hours of the morning.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the death of a 51-year-old man at his home in Glasgow.
The ejector seats on the Hawker Hunter jet that crashed in East Sussex, killing 11 people, were not updated after it was retired from military service, investigators have said.
They called it the "world's largest yoga session", but the organisers of today's event in the Indian capital, Delhi, say it was Narendra Modi who was the star of the show.
A collection of old photographs of children playing out in the street in Liverpool has gone on display for the first time in the city's history.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £3.5m to help fund a new cancer research centre in Manchester, the government has announced.
Kenya's Geoffrey Korir won the men's 8km title at the World Indoor Championships in Glasgow, as Great Britain's Ryan Hawkins finished third in the 8km men's race for the second year in a row.
An 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway has been badly damaged in a suspected arson attack.
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says manager Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to his team since taking charge at Molineux last month.
A civic trust has called for a strategic approach to the future protection of heritage in Londonderry following the demolition of the Foyle factory in Craigavon, County Armagh.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before going back to his flat to steal his belongings has been jailed for at least 25 years.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits, hit by the football and horse racing World Cup and a switch over to a new gaming system.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich's airport, which was the first in the UK to close when it was turned into a housing estate in 1996.
Two men have been taken to hospital after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine in the early hours of the morning.
A five-year-old boy who lost his favourite toy lion at a stately home has been reunited with it after the National Trust sent it back to him in a care package.
The idea that World War One soldiers spent most of their time at the front or fighting on the Western Front is "just not correct", researchers have said.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to use sign language on the campaign trail to help deaf people make better informed decisions about who to vote for in the general election.
Scientists are attempting to map the wiring of a baby's brain while it is still growing in the womb, in an effort to help doctors better understand why some babies are born with serious health problems.
England captain Wayne Rooney should not retire from international football, according to his former team-mate Frank Lampard, who believes the striker has "another tournament in him" after Euro 2016.
A man has said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury when their car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
When David Cameron arrives in Berlin later this week, he's likely to be greeted with a mixture of relief and trepidation by the leaders of the European Union's 28 member states.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found stabbed to death in her home have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Bolivia's government has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work in some professions, in defiance of international law which says children under the age of 15 should not be allowed to work.
Plans to demolish a former hospital on Anglesey have been put on hold because seagulls are nesting on the roof of the building.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday, with mining companies leading the way after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates at a record low of 0.25%.
Former Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student support funding in Scotland.
SeaWorld in San Diego has been given the go-ahead to expand its orca park in the US state of California, but it has been told to stop bringing in new whales from the wild.
It was another dramatic day in the English Football League on Saturday, with two late goals in the Championship and a dramatic win for Barnsley in the second tier and Exeter ending a run of five straight defeats in League One.
Worcestershire have released all three of their T20 players, including Liam Milnes, Liam Lewis and Liam McKay, after their contracts expired at the end of the season.
The number of people trying to buy a home in the UK has slowed down, according to a survey of chartered surveyors, suggesting that the recent surge in interest in the property market may be "exhausted".
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the Senedd has defended one of his colleagues after a row on Twitter following a Senedd debate on the M4 relief road.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) as the first British soldier to be killed in action in the country since the start of the war in 2001.
Twitter is going to make it easier for you to see what you've been doing while you're not using the app.
It was a night that will live long in the memory at Anfield as one of the greatest comebacks in the history of European football, a match that will be remembered for more than just the goals but also the passion, the passion and the emotion.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme song for the new James Bond film Spectre, after a customer placed a £15,000 bet on the band to do so.
Sinn Féin's Naomi Long has said she is to take legal action against the High Court judge who gave the green light to a controversial planning policy in Northern Ireland.
Two major industrial estates in Southampton have been sold to the Port of Southampton's owner for an undisclosed sum, but local councillors have called for a "statement of intent" on the future of the sites.
Russian heptathlete Yuliya Chernova should be banned for the whole of her career after being found guilty of doping and stripped of her world title, says former IAAF president Michele Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first female choristers to sing in the cathedral's choir.
Great Britain's women suffered a 3-2 defeat by North Korea in overtime in their opening game at the World Championship in Canada.
Haiti is still recovering from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew, and as the BBC's James Reynolds reports from the south-west of the country, the devastation is continuing to spread, with the devastation still being felt more than a week after the storm made landfall in the country.
Skyscanner has reported another "strong year of growth" for the Edinburgh-based firm, with revenues and bookings up sharply in 2015.
The first all-new car factory to be built in the West Midlands in more than a decade has officially opened its doors to the public, more than two years after it was taken over by a Chinese firm.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and knife attack in Warwickshire in which two teenagers were injured.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why the UN needs Africa more than any other continent, and why the world body should do more to end hunger.
Last month the value of the pound fell sharply against the US dollar as news of the UK's vote to leave the European Union (EU) was announced.
A whisky distillery in Dumfries and Galloway is set to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than 30 years.
CBBC is to launch a new version of BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show, which will be broadcast on Friday evenings from May, it has been announced.
More than 10,000 people die every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a call to action by a group of international health bodies.
Andy Murray will continue to be the "dominant force" in tennis after becoming world number one for the first time, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10-6 in a thrilling final to win the China Open for the second time in three years and claim his first ranking title in more than two years.
More than two-thirds of school children in the UK are sleep-deprived, according to a study of more than 1,000 students from around the world.
President Donald Trump's new interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, has been welcomed to the White House by US Park Police on horseback on his first day in the job.
Charlton Athletic are investigating an allegation of historical sex abuse by a scout in the 1980s after being made aware of a man who claims he was abused as a child by the club's former youth coach.
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to Cardiff council.
Newcastle defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Souleymane Cisse could face disciplinary action after they were accused of spitting at each other during their match.
A 17-year-old boy who died after being injured at a house party in south-west London suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital by police, police have said.
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett has signed a new one-year contract with the club, keeping him at the Championship club until the summer of 2018.
The RMT has accused ScotRail of "dragging its heels" over plans to bring the company that runs the railways in Scotland under public ownership.
Ireland one-day captain Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket following her side's defeat by South Africa in their final game before the Women's World Cup in Sri Lanka.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been accused of being "arrogant" and "disgraceful" by former Manchester United captain Gary Neville following criticism of his recent decisions.
The number of child sex abuse cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has risen for the second year in a row, figures from the Office for National Statistics show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season as he attempts to predict the winners of the FA Cup.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are facing a combined deficit of more than £100m for the next financial year, new figures have shown.
Olympic bronze medallist Jack MacKenzie is to return to South Africa to train with his family and compete under the British flag for the first time since he was born in the UK.
A woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a stabbing in North Tyneside.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added a stronger-than-expected number of jobs in April, which was seen as a positive sign for consumer spending.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was "directly involved" in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract with the club, despite speculation linking the forward with a move away from Anfield this summer.
It could be one of the hottest days of the year so far in the UK - but could it be the start of a new heatwave?
A minimum price for alcohol in England is the most cost-effective way to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, according to a report by Public Health England.
Jon Stewart, the host of the long-running US satirical news show The Daily Show, has said goodbye to the show for the final time, saying: "It's time for me to go get a drink."
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of the payments due to farmers and crofters by the deadline for the latest round of subsidies, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession after being found guilty of posting sexual content on social media, figures have shown.
Thousands of customers of Nintendo's new Switch games console have reported seeing dead pixels on the screens of their devices, the company has said.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the WBA world featherweight title in New York on 29 March, the same night as his IBF world super-bantamweight title fight against Scott Quigg.
Restrictions on the use of a bus lane in Lancashire city centre will remain in place for the rest of the year, the county council has said.
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 109 as Somerset struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Taunton.
Photographer Celine Stella has been working as a nanny in Saudi Arabia for the past few months, and has been inspired by the country's use of neon lights to create a series of portraits of the country.
More than a third of people who use Google's Chrome web browser have been tricked into installing malicious add-ons, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has no desire to "lead the 'yes' case for a republic" again, and that the timing of a referendum should not take place until the end of the Queen's reign.
Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for Newcastle as Steve McClaren's first game in charge of the Magpies ended in victory over West Ham at St James' Park.
Olympic boxing is a sport where the path to success can seem like an endless conveyor belt of success, a path that takes you from amateur to professional, back to amateur, and back again.
As the general election campaign enters its final few days, it is easy to get bogged down in the details of what the parties are doing and where they are going, but there is a lot more to it than that, and it is worth paying attention to what they are doing.
The life of a Tibetan monk who was murdered in China has been celebrated in Scotland with the premiere of a new film about his life.
An extra £1bn will be spent on social care services for the elderly in England, the chancellor has announced in the Budget.
A cyclist accused of killing a woman by crashing into her while riding a "fixie" bike with no front brake posted a comment on an online forum saying she "did not deserve it", a court has heard.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a fire in a flat has been told there is "no compelling evidence" it started in a tumble dryer.
The US Navy has banned alcohol for all of its military personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa, after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
There was a certain tension in the air last night, as John Bercow prepared for his last Commons appearance as Speaker of the House of Commons - and there's more to come today, as the government tries to change the rules on the re-election of Speakers.
Gangnam Style, the video by South Korean rapper Psy, has become the most-watched video on YouTube after the video-sharing site changed its view limit to reflect the number of people who have viewed it.
Matty Ah Van scored a hat-trick as Widnes Vikings came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers for their first Super League win of the season and move up to seventh in the table.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine using a controversial new IVF technique that combines DNA from two women and one man to create a baby with the genetic identity of both parents.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been placed in special measures by the health watchdog after inspectors found "a number of issues" remain unresolved.
Gaz O'Brien's last-minute drop-goal secured Salford's place in the Million Pound Game as they came from behind to beat Hull KR and secure a place in next season's Qualifiers.
Chilla Kurniawan is a 19-year-old student at Kharisma Bangsa secondary school in the Indonesian city of Bali, where she is studying for her Baccalaureate exams.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in a street in Waterford, County Waterford.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to League One for the first time in 37 years as they were beaten by 10-man Brentford, while Nottingham Forest and Birmingham City both won to avoid the drop.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely than their peers to try foods they would not eat at home, according to a survey by the School Food Trust.
A pilot has died after the light aircraft he was flying crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
The captain of a container ship has been fined for being over the drink-drive limit when he was arrested for being drunk on board a vessel in Belfast Harbour.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens has been nominated by President Felipe Calderon to lead the International Monetary Fund (IMF) - a role he says he would bring "a fresh pair of eyes" to the IMF, which is currently led by a European.
A chronology of key events in the relationship between the UK and Iran over the past 30 years:.
Stevenage missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were held to a goalless draw by Cambridge United at the Kassam Stadium.
Star Wars and Harry Potter actor Warwick Davis has had his caravan stolen, even though it was locked up with a hitch and wheel lock, he has said.
Former US President Barack Obama is to give a speech at a charity dinner in Edinburgh later this month, it has been announced.
Belgium's ban on the wearing of face veils in public was justifiable in principle, the European Court of Human Rights has ruled.
A Celtic fan is to stand trial accused of making a "threatening and offensive remark" to Rangers fans during the Scottish Cup semi-final at Celtic Park.
Footage has emerged of a supermarket worker hitting a woman over the head with a packet of bacon after an alleged assault in Altrincham, Greater Manchester.
When the director of the Bolivian Film Foundation (FCB) in La Paz, Ana Cappa, found a black ball on the side of the road near her home, she knew something was up when it turned out to be a film camera.
The US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates on hold for another month doesn't mean the US central bank has given up on raising interest rates, but it does mean that the US economy may not get a rate rise until the end of the year.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has survived a vote of no confidence in his bid to become the party's general election candidate in the general election.
If you want to be a WWE Superstar, you need to know a few things about the WWE!
Fans of Flappy Bird have expressed relief that the popular game has been taken down after it became one of the most popular titles of the year, despite the fact that it is no longer available to download.
Tens of thousands of plastic bags have been dumped on the seafront in Brighton in a protest against the migrant crisis in Europe.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train members of the Royal Family in hospitality to help the Queen's staff at official events.
Andy Murray returned to winning ways with a straight-set victory over Canada's Milos Raonic to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius hit a toilet door with a cricket bat before he fired the shots that killed his girlfriend, a forensics expert has told his murder trial in Pretoria.
It's 70 years since the end of World War Two, when millions of people in Europe were forced to flee their homes to escape the conflict in the Middle East.
