The number of people being referred to a charity for help finding housing after being released from prison in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, figures have shown.
A man has been charged in connection with a firearms and ammunition operation in Edinburgh.
Four people accused of beating a disabled man and forcing him to drink toilet water and kiss the floor in a Facebook Live video have been denied bail.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed former Reading boss Gary Neville as their new director of football.
A diet that mimics the fasting of a fast can regenerate a special type of cell in the pancreas, scientists say.
There is no obvious reason why the merger of the two biggest eyewear manufacturers in the world, Essilor and Luxottica, should be given the go-ahead.
British Cycling has been accused of a "culture of fear" and bullying by Wendy Houvenaghel, who was dropped from the London 2012 team.
If you're a stand-up comedian in the US, you may have heard the phrase "laughing stock" used to describe your local comedy club.
When the regulator Ofcom announced that it was going to rule on whether BT should be split up, the reaction of the company's shareholders was almost immediate.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of making his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares for his side's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers on Saturday.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,010 and cut the size of its teaching staff by about 100.
A hospital trust has apologised after 850 appointment letters sent out to patients in East Sussex contained a leaflet saying a patient had cancer.
Labour is "trying to get a compromise" on the Brexit bill after its shadow foreign secretary said the party was "travelling to the right places" to find a compromise.
Torquay United chairman Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Bournemouth's Kane O'Kane.
A psychiatric ward visit by a police officer could have contributed to the distress of a man who drowned in the sea, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has said that the Trump administration would do an "enormous disservice" to the US if it curbs access to climate change data.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 69, the band has confirmed.
Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose moved into a share of the lead with three shots at the halfway stage.
Former England striker Carlton Cole says he is not keen to push himself too hard after his kidney transplant, saying he is still "very tired" two years after the illness.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on YouTube, which was imposed after a video mocking the Prophet Muhammad was posted online.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Ben Benjamin will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said he felt like he had "dreamt of this moment" after winning his third Olympic gold medal in Rio.
At least 80 people have been killed and thousands displaced after heavy rains caused floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat, officials say.
It is believed to be the first wedding to be conducted on skis.
Royal Bank of Scotland has been fined $50m (£30m) by Hong Kong regulators for failing to properly monitor its trading operations.
The Baftas are over and the winners have been announced, with La La Land topping the list of winners, but there was plenty of other interesting conversation going on at this year's ceremony.
Andy Murray's season has been a roller-coaster ride from start to finish, and his form is not much better than it was at the start of 2016.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men in connection with the murder of a popular local rapper in the capital, Pretoria, on Saturday.
A child has been injured in a suspected shooting outside a Liverpool primary school.
Jessica Ennis-Hill is still on course for a heptathlon qualification place at the World Championships after a second day of the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Germany.
The administrator of the Manor team has said the team will not be able to continue as a going concern and all 380 staff will be made redundant.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has risen by one to 228, with the number of women standing for election for the first time.
What should you do if you want to buy currency before Christmas but the pound falls against the dollar?
A teenager from New Zealand has been crowned the winner of a modelling competition which celebrates the "different lives" of people from different sub-cultures.
A petition against the proposed relocation of a statue commemorating the Falklands War has attracted more than 1,800 signatures.
A man subject to a terror control order has appeared in court charged with breaching restrictions imposed by the Home Office.
Former Sussex bowler Chris Anyon has been appointed head coach of the county's women's side.
Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-month loan deal from Championship side Sunderland.
Fairytales are often seen as a bit too modern, with the latest instalment of the classic fairytale being a modern-day version of the story that has been told in a modern setting, such as in the Disney animation Frozen.
The Eurovision Song Contest was held in Kiev on Sunday, with the usual suspects - the UK, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Wales, Denmark and Ukraine all taking part.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is celebrating its 300th anniversary this week, with a series of events marking the anniversary of the first time The Beatles played there.
South Africa has proposed a minimum wage of 12,000 rand ($1,200; £1,000) a year for all workers, a rise of more than 50% from the current rate.
The death of Ethiopia's long-serving and much-loved leader Meles Zenawi, who led the country for more than 25 years, has left a vacuum in the political landscape in the Horn of Africa, writes the BBC's Africa correspondent, Farai Sevenzo.
Azhar Ali scored a half-century for Pakistan before rain washed out the second day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.
Labour has won the Leith Walk by-election in Edinburgh's Leith walk ward after the SNP and Scottish Greens both won the seat from the party.
Russia has said it will continue to carry out air strikes in Syria despite a partial truce collapsing last week, despite US threats to end military co-operation.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans from Llandovery and Llandaff respectively.
US President Barack Obama has announced new sanctions against Russia over alleged cyber-attacks on US targets, and the US Congress has approved a bill to impose a similar measure against Moscow.
Labour's manifesto has a radical change in its stance on university tuition fees in England - and it's a radical one at that.
Fire crews have finished their work at the Shoreham air disaster site, three weeks after the crash.
The director of the US National Intelligence Agency has said he has never been asked to do anything "illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the president.
The White House has confirmed that the Obamas attended a party for US President Barack Obama in New York.
Police are continuing to investigate a number of incidents in Londonderry on Saturday night.
Mental health problems are a huge problem and are a major cause of concern for many people, but we need to do more to help people with mental health problems.
A state regulator has cleared Harper Lee of fraud after an investigation into whether she consented to the release of a second book based on To Kill a Mockingbird.
The US has suspended talks with Russia on Syria, saying it will not take part in any new talks until Moscow stops bombing rebel-held areas.
London has elected a Muslim, Sadiq Khan, as its first Muslim mayor, in a contest that saw the Conservatives lose to the London mayor's candidate Zac Goldsmith.
A church in Lancashire has appointed a new vicar after a video advert featuring a song written by children and a short film by the congregation went viral.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in the 2-1 win over Everton on Tuesday.
A man who set fire to a train in Switzerland's St Gallen region, killing one person, has been killed in a second attack, police say.
A drone flew within a few feet of a passenger plane as it was approaching an airport, police have said.
A seal that became tangled in netting on a beach in Aberdeenshire has been freed and released back into the sea.
A collection of letters and manuscripts belonging to a Scottish writer and adventurer has been made public for the first time.
Leeds City Council refuse and street cleaning worker David Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
Laura Mvula is a busy woman.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he is "more alive than he has been in his entire life" after returning to action following a year out with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have announced a profit of £1.1m for the year ending June 2015, their first full year of accounts.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after being hit on the head by a metal pole while training in London, it has been confirmed.
Scottish businesses are still optimistic about the future, despite the latest economic figures showing a sharp contraction in the Scottish economy, according to a survey by the Chambers of Commerce.
An inquiry into allegations of police infiltration of political and social justice groups in England and Wales will expose "creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand survived a second-half fightback from South Africa to reach the World Cup final and end a run of five straight defeats.
A £1.5m study of a famous 19th Century obelisk is being carried out to help improve its repair and maintenance.
Zara owner Inditex has reported a sharp rise in profits and sales, helped by a strong performance from its online business and a drive to expand its international presence.
Pop star Lady Gaga has revealed she's been working hard on her Super Bowl half-time show, ahead of her appearance at the Houston Super Bowl on Sunday.
A victim of child sex abuse in Rochdale has said she is still being targeted by Asian men who groomed her five years ago.
A department store in Manchester has been forced to close after a roof collapsed during heavy rain.
A growing number of people are posting comments on a US government website in opposition to proposals to change the rules on net neutrality, according to watchers.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Les Cotton says the club need to rebuild after a "poor experience" when they moved to a new stadium.
Moana has topped the US box office chart on its opening weekend, despite a row over its depiction of Polynesian culture.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win over American qualifier Madison Brengle.
Two men have been injured in an assault in Londonderry.
Scientists in Germany have found that the Ebola virus was passed on to Emile Guinean boy, who died of the disease in Guinea, by the fruit bats that ate bushmeat.
World number one Stuart Bingham says he could play in the World Championship if his wife gives birth to their third child.
A section of the pier at Swansea's Victoria Pier which collapsed last month is to be removed, the council has decided.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the University of Oxford's controversial new student housing development in Oxford.
A school trust has written to parents warning of "unthinkable" cuts to its schools and asking them to make financial contributions to help it cope with a £1.5m funding crisis.
Plans to create more protected areas in Africa could lead to the displacement of millions of people, a report has warned.
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway have said further skeletal remains have been found.
Colombia's Carlos Martinez has been knocked out of the Olympic boxing men's flyweight final by Kazakhstan's Islam Dusmatov in the semi-finals in Rio.
University staff in England are to stage a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay, in a row over a pay offer.
The Scottish government has said it will investigate a council's plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire.
Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Shonan Belles.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has been seen as a referendum on whether the UK should remain in the European Economic Area or leave the EU.
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter has left the Premiership club to take up a teaching position at Wrekin College.
Families of patients at a troubled mental health unit where a scandal erupted over poor treatment have said they are still waiting for answers about the deaths of their loved ones.
A man who attacked two men in a street attack in County Londonderry has been jailed.
Olympic champion Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States Women's Soccer team after being found guilty of misconduct.
A lawyer at a law firm has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with the help of three colleagues.
Police officers on Scotland's railways are to be given Tasers to use in the event of a "real threat to the public".
A Scottish engineering firm is to create up to 100 new jobs after securing £1.5m of funding from UK Steel's UK South East (UKSE) subsidiary.
A Brazilian footballer who was on a plane that crashed in Colombia on Monday, killing most of his team, has undergone surgery, doctors say.
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has said Highways England's plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge are "old-fashioned" and "a high-class Disneyland experience".
Everton began their Europa League campaign with a convincing win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United defender Chris Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
It's a disease that is one of the most under-diagnosed and under-treated in the UK.
Wasps moved to within four points of the Premiership play-off places as Christian Wade scored two tries to help them beat Worcester Warriors.
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum, which left at least 39 people dead on Saturday, in which at least 22 people were killed.
Satellite images of Mosul airport have revealed how Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed the site in a bid to prevent Iraqi forces from using it as a logistical base, a US-led coalition says.
The main rail line between London and Reading is to be closed for more than a month over Easter as part of a £1.5bn upgrade project.
A permit has been granted for an oil and gas company to drill for oil and natural gas in a field in Gwynedd.
Online retailer Amazon has changed its tax arrangements in Europe, in a move that could help it avoid paying more in tax in the region.
The chief medical officer for England has warned junior doctors against taking part in a four-day strike on Monday in a dispute over a new contract.
Oxford United midfielder Luke Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club after his current deal with Everton was cancelled by mutual consent.
A Dorset college has been awarded £3.5m of government funding for a £6m upgrade of its animal science building.
The widow and daughters of Jeff Astle will meet the Football Association's chairman to discuss the dangers of head injuries and concussions, the family have said.
The world's richest people have a net worth of about $50m (£40m), according to a leading financial expert, but what happens when that number rises to $100m?
Sale Sharks have signed teenage twins Tom and Tom Jones from Saracens on a two-year deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to after a woman was raped in the street in Aberdeen.
The US has rejected a proposal by Egypt and other Arab countries to hold a regional conference on nuclear weapons after talks on the issue broke down.
The Welsh government has said it will not devolve control over fracking, despite the UK government's support for the controversial practice.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title victory was the greatest sporting achievement of his career, but it was also the greatest crash.
Wasps are among the Premiership players set to be included in Eddie Jones' final England training squad for the autumn Tests.
An exhibition of more than 100 paintings by a World War One veteran has opened in his hometown.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from football at the age of 30 was "unnecessary" and "unfair", according to former Celtic boss Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a fence in a garden in County Durham.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the closure of branches and pensions.
Ulster Unionist leadership candidate Mike Nesbitt has said he will not withdraw his remarks about transferring to the SDLP, despite the row over the remarks.
Police have seized drugs worth an estimated €1m (£700,000) in the Republic of Ireland in raids on two premises in County Londonderry.
The Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" for a united Ireland in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the EU.
Morecambe manager Lee Bentley has urged his players to keep their heads held high despite their recent good form.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar is "disappointed" by a list of demands imposed by four Arab states in a dispute with it, saying they are "unacceptable".
UKIP policy spokeswoman Diane Evans has said she has given up on her bid to become the party's next leader.
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a woman who had used the Uber app to book a taxi home from a night out in the capital.
It was a scene that would have been familiar to Welsh football fans across the country as they watched their team's historic Euro 2016 campaign come to an end in the quarter-finals of the tournament in Lyon on Sunday.
Renfrewshire's Ferguslie Park area has been named as the most deprived in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic champions Laura Cassells and Katherine Scrimgeour won their lightweight double sculls semi-final at the Rotterdam World Rowing Championships to set up a final against Ireland's Paul O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll on Saturday.
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Callum Johnston from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee after he impressed in his first season at Stark's Park.
James Milner's late penalty gave Liverpool victory over Swansea City and left manager Francesco Guidolin's future in the Premier League in the balance as the Italian suffered a third successive defeat for the first time in his tenure.
It's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise, the first ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby, or the fact that so many Scottish teams qualify for the Heineken Cup from the Heirarchy.
Radiohead will headline the opening night of the TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow on Saturday, with the rest of the line-up announced later.
The US has condemned North Korea's restarting of a nuclear reactor at its main Yongbyon complex, saying it is "irresponsible" and "irritating".
Police investigating the murder of a man who disappeared 25 years ago have made a second arrest in the case.
"I'm the man who's going to turn rugby league into a global sport."
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce took four wickets each as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to set up a crucial World Twenty20 qualifier against Scotland.
A hospital which was placed in special measures after a patient died after being mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse has been told it must make further improvements.
Mark Cavendish is in contention for a medal in the men's individual pursuit at the Rio Olympics after a successful start to his Olympic campaign.
The Northern Ireland Executive has announced an extra £100m for the health service.
The Winklevoss twins, the twin brothers who sued Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for $1bn (Â£869m) in a long-running legal dispute, have renewed their legal action against the social network.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car.
Harry Pincher was a veteran journalist who broke many of the country's biggest stories during the Cold War.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker Jonny Stewart on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier arrested as part of an inquiry into alleged payments to public officials has been released without charge, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
A care home and a care home for elderly people in the north of Scotland have been given poor ratings by inspectors.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm after a gun was found in north London.
Power has been restored to all but 10,000 properties in Lancashire after a substation went offline, leaving more than 100,000 customers without electricity.
A planning judge has quashed a decision to refuse planning permission for a 1,000-home development on a former racecourse site.
The Isle of Wight Council has offered to pay compensation to businesses damaged by the troubled Isle of Man's new £12m ferry.
Lille have signed midfielder Youssef Sliti from French Ligue 1 rivals Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been on a mission to the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
An Italian military aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport after it lost contact with air traffic control over the North Sea.
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences have been granted more time to question by magistrates.
The 2015 European Championship kicks off on Friday, with hosts France hosting the tournament for the third time, while holders Spain are defending their title.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will face Greece in a pre-EuroBasket warm-up game at London's Copper Box on Saturday, 7 September.
Australia beat Wales to reach the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2007 and end a run of 11 straight defeats.
Scotland's players will be motivated by the departure of head coach Vern Cotter when the Six Nations kicks off, according to lock Andrew Strauss.
The US military strategy against Islamic State (IS) in Iraq needs to be augmented, former CIA director David Petraeus has told the BBC, saying the group must be given political support and not just military support.
More than 1,000 people in Edinburgh have had their email addresses and other details stolen from the City of Edinburgh Council's website.
Syrian rebels have launched a major offensive against government forces in the north of the country, in a move that could threaten the fragile seven-week cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is introducing advertising on its platform.
Actor Michael Hall is to perform at the Mercury Music Prize ceremony next week, in memory of David Bowie, who died in April.
A retired detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in a cell in the Metropolitan Police's custody in 1986.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the UK government should seek a "satisfactory deal" on Brexit after the general election result.
The families of the 96 Hillsborough disaster victims have called for a new law to be introduced to force public officials to cooperate with police investigations.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online could face prosecution, including revenge porn, under new laws being introduced in England and Wales.
When Faizan Ahmad Fayaz, 10, woke up on Sunday morning, he was given a small breakfast by his grandmother and his mother, Zarifa, and asked to stay in the family home and watch TV.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four rail companies have been shortlisted for a £1bn contract to run the rail network in Wales for the first time.
BBC Radio Scotland presenter Robbie Robertson is to step down from his show after 35 years of broadcasting.
Accrington Stanley manager Chris Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United an "unfair advantage" by allowing them to play their next three games at neutral grounds.
Two Manchester United supporters who were found in the stands at Old Trafford on Friday night have been released without charge after being found to be unarmed.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston in extra-time and reach the EFL Cup third round for the second year in a row.
A shopkeeper who had his tools stolen from a cat charity shop has been told they have been found and he is set to be taken on a reality TV show.
Laura Muir will miss the Commonwealth Games after her 1500m bronze at the World Championships in London because of her studies.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after being jailed for fraud.
Tributes have been paid to Sir Terry Wogan and BBC Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans as condolence books are opened in his native Ireland to mark his death.
Scotland's political parties have called for assurances that work on new warships will go ahead on the Clyde shipyards following concerns about jobs.
Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Marco Rubio have traded insults in their first televised debate ahead of next week's key primary elections.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year running, beating Russia to the title in a dramatic final in Stockholm.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a popular beach where five men drowned last year, following a series of deaths at the same spot.
Partick Thistle captain Jordan Osman says the club's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill.
Ten Canadian citizens arrested on suspicion of trying to travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group have been released without charge, police say.
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Jordan Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS could save £500m a year by cutting the number of foreign visitors and asylum seekers getting treatment in England, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after a 4-1 win over Braehead Clan on Monday night.
The last surviving original Flying Scotsman, the Flying Scotsmen, is set to make its return to the rails.
A man who claims he was sexually abused at an East Yorkshire Catholic school as a boy has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
The Crimes of Grindelwald, the first instalment in the Harry Potter spin-off series, has topped the UK and Ireland box office on its opening weekend.
Britain's Katie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after a serious crash at the European Track Cycling Championships in Rotterdam left her fearing she would lose her spinal cord.
The gap between the life expectancy of men and women in the UK is starting to close, a study suggests.
A police and crime commissioner resigned from his post to appear on BBC Question Time after being advised not to do so, it has emerged.
"I've been having a sleepless night," says Stephen King, "because I keep waking up and thinking about China."
A study has claimed the Thames Tunnel could be worth more than £1bn to the taxpayer if it is built, but only if the water company gets a higher rate of return.
The developer of the Swansea tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures on the impact of the scheme on fish.
Scotland forward Josh Strauss has signed a new deal with Premiership side Sale Sharks, with the option of a further year.
A China Eastern Airlines plane has made an emergency landing after an engine exploded, leaving passengers on board "terrified", according to reports.
The government has said it will reconsider a decision to bar a woman from the UK from marrying her non-EU husband and having a child in the UK.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Czech football expert Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight in Scotland would benefit the country's youth game.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's President Joseph Kabila has appointed opposition leader Felix Tshibala as his successor, the government has announced.
Adebayo Akinfenwa scored a late winner as Wycombe beat Exeter to move up to third in League Two with a first win in five games.
Australian journalists at Fairfax Media have gone on strike in protest at plans to cut 125 jobs, in the latest blow to the country's media industry.
Richard Hannon says he would be "amazed" if apprentice jockey Richard Marquand does not become a champion jockey one day, with the trainer comparing him to Ryan Moore.
The Colombian government and the Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks, after the FARC group released a general kidnapped by the rebels last week.
Blackburn Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after he was sent off for pushing a referee.
Octopuses display a range of behaviour that may indicate social behaviour, a study suggests.
Former British number one Laura Robson will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013 when she plays in the Aegon Classic.
The Democratic Republic of Congo government has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 100 people found buried in a field near the capital, Kinshasa, despite a request from Human Rights Watch.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is set to be appointed Everton's new manager, BBC Sport understands.
The government's housing White Paper is the latest in a series of announcements that have been billed as a radical new approach to the problem of housing in England.
At least six people have been killed and more than 20 injured in a suicide bombing in northern Turkey by Kurdish PKK militants, the Turkish army says.
Police searching for a missing teenager from North Lanarkshire have found a body in woods in the Motherwell area.
Barcelona's Luis Suarez is the world's most valuable player at £200m, according to a study by the CIES Football Observatory.
The Solar Impulse plane, piloted by the Swiss engineer Alexander Borschberg, has begun its journey from China to Hawaii, the first leg of its attempt to fly around the world using just the energy of the Sun.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) suspended over an alleged breach of duty of trust has settled her case with her former boss, the BBC has learned.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in the US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 69.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side's 2-0 win over Ukraine in Paris was a "special moment" as they ended their Euro 2016 campaign with a point.
A High Court ruling on the UK government's power to trigger Brexit has rejected two separate legal challenges to the Brexit vote.
The daughter of a man and woman stabbed to death in a suspected murder has said she is " counting her blessings" that her father is "on the mend" and their son Pierce is alive.
Three US citizens have been sentenced to hard labour in North Korea for offences against the communist state, and two others have been released after serving their sentences.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after two questions in a high school entrance exam were found to be wrong, causing a major upset.
Gloucester Rugby League have held talks with the owners of Premiership club Gloucester Warriors about a possible partnership to help build a new stadium.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to " isolate and ostracise" him from his family by suggesting he should contact his father in an attempt to influence him to back him.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will be among the stars who will compete in the 2017 Tour of Britain, which starts in Manchester on Saturday.
A former charity worker has admitted fraud offences after admitting stealing £1.5m from a hospital charity.
A woman from India's Dalit community has been beaten up by a group of women from the upper-caste community in the western state of Maharashtra, police say.
Turkey has accused the US of "unacceptable" comments about its military operations in Syria, after it said the US had suggested there had been talks between Kurdish forces and Turkey on the border.
Mae'r enw yn dweud ei gyd-esgobion yn cael ei fod wedi clywed bod cefnogaeth yn Llandaf i Dr Jeffrey John yn ymchwilio'r Coleg
Toshiba is in talks with banks to secure loans to help it balance its books, according to reports.
England will "have to pull their fingers out" to beat Pakistan in the final Test and avoid a 2-0 series whitewash, says James Anderson.
Warren Gatland says he was "disappointed" by the way England coach Warren Henry left out half of his squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland midfielder Ryan Hodson on a two-year deal after he completed his move from MK Dons on Tuesday.
A decanter used to feed infants during the Highland Clearances has been donated to Inverness Museum after a family researched its history.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death in a row over money has been jailed at the High Court in Belfast.
The trade in illegal guns and other items on the dark web is "a cause for concern" and should be investigated by law enforcement, a study has said.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A former world-famous weight-lifter who has been granted a visa to return to the US for free skin-losing surgery has received the green light to fly out.
A new class of drugs that target several key parts of prostate cancer could help men with the disease to survive, say scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in London.
The European football leagues have agreed to end a deal with Uefa that allowed domestic matches to be played on the same night as European games.
Teachers are being urged to help tackle female genital mutilation (FGM) by scrutinising holiday requests and summer holiday plans from people who practise the practice.
Police have launched an investigation after a woman was raped in a park in the Stirling area of Glasgow.
Swansea City have lost their "Swanse City Way" and could be relegated back to the Championship if they are relegated from the Premier League, says former player and assistant manager Alan Curtis.
More than £1.3bn is owed by Welsh students who have not yet repaid their student loans, according to the latest figures.
Italian police have arrested a man who allegedly flew as a pilot on a German airline plane for at least one flight, in a case that has raised the prospect of a long-running scam.
Tougher rules should be put in place to make sure people brought over as husbands and wives by the EU learn English, David Cameron has said.
The number of children in working families in Wales living in poverty has risen by more than 20,000 in the past decade, according to a charity.
Employers who employ mobile workers who travel between jobs could be affected by a ruling by the European Court of Justice that could see them paid for travelling time.
Schools in Guinea have reopened after being closed for more than a month because of the Ebola outbreak, with many parents and teachers still reluctant to return.
The FTSE 100 has closed lower for a third consecutive day, extending its losses on Friday, as global stock markets continued to fall following a sharp sell-off in China and the US.
The family of a County Tyrone teenager murdered by a man who cut her up and hid her body parts in a shed have said they are "angry and fearful" that he is due to be released from prison.
Russian opposition leader Mikhail Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared showing him being shot in the head by a Chechen leader.
Louis van Gaal was expecting a tough test against Arsenal on Saturday - a game that would have been a familiar story if it had not been for the late equaliser that gave his side a late win.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first US crowdfunding round to help fund expansion plans, raising more than $10m (£6.5m) in the first round.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to settle a dispute over the future of their pension scheme, ending a threat of a national strike.
The owner of the K-cups coffee machine, Keurig Green Mountain, is buying the company for $7.3bn (Â£5.3 billion) in cash.
A university has removed a poster from its campus which appeared to mock Jennifer Lawrence after her private photos were leaked online.
A man has died after being stabbed in an alleyway in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is not surprised by the number of players he has to call up for England's national squads.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" as they bid to become the first team to go a 38-game Scottish Premiership season unbeaten.
The University of Londonderry has confirmed that the remaining unfinished rooms in its new £100m student accommodation complex will not be ready for the start of the academic year.
A council has apologised after a popular US cartoon character failed to turn up at a Christmas lights switch on in Northern Ireland.
Aston Villa have appointed Colin Calderwood as their new head coach after he left Brighton & Hove Albion.
Jamie Roberts says he will use his British and Irish Lions omission as motivation for Wales' summer tour as he prepares to become the national team's new captain.
England's performance against Scotland was a great example of what they can do.
Great Britain's men's 4x400m relay team were disqualified from the Olympic Games for the second time in six years after a baton change in the final seconds of their heat.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a car and a bus crashed in Fife.
A 23-year-old man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed into a wall in South Lanarkshire.
Britain's Olympic champion Nicola Adams says she has been inspired by the success of fellow British boxer Virgil Hunter as she prepares to turn professional.
The world changed on 6 August 1945 when the US dropped its first atomic bomb on Hiroshima, and the world has changed again since then.
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has been granted bail after being charged with fraud and money laundering in the Republic of Ireland.
Lala Njava is a Malagasy blues singer-songwriter from the Central African Republic, who has been performing for more than 30 years.
The Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar have been waiting for a long time for something to happen to help them.
I think I've only ever had one or two hugs from Ivan Lendl, my coach, and it was a bit of a shock when I saw him at Queen's Club on Tuesday.
A group of 16 and 17-year-olds have been talking about how they feel about the Scottish referendum and why they think the UK voting age should be lowered.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has been in charge of the team since the end of 2016, when Nico Rosberg's world title defence ended in a dramatic crash at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to researchers who have found evidence of a link between the condition and tobacco use.
Four people have been rescued from a beach in Avonmouth after getting into difficulty when the tide rose.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Carey has said he now supports the right of terminally ill people to end their lives, saying the Church could be promoting anguish and pain.
Former Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri's sacking was a "panic decision" and a "wrong decision", says former Foxes striker Gary Lineker.
Rescuers in Bangladesh are using bare hands to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of a collapsed garment factory in the capital, Dhaka, as the death toll from the collapse rises.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis on a free transfer.
Aberdeen's players were asked to assess their performances after they beat Celtic 3-0 to lift the Scottish League Cup.
The public inquiry into the murder of Alexander Litvinenko will begin its deliberations on Wednesday, with the first public hearing into the circumstances surrounding the former Russian spy's death in 2006.
A health board has been criticised for failing to properly manage a charity's fundraising for an organ donation challenge.
A woman in her 80s has been left badly shaken after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested after being caught driving a tractor in North Yorkshire in the early hours of the morning.
A man accused of defrauding charities and the authorities after the Grenfell Tower fire has denied murdering his wife and son.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu, a former BBC Africa correspondent, looks at some of the people who will be standing and sitting in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been told he must demolish it or face jail.
The first tram has run on Nottingham's new light rail system after months of delays.
A number of vans used by DIY SOS team members working on a house extension project have been broken into at the Birmingham International DIY Show.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.8bn for 2015, the second year in a row the company has reported losses.
EE has been rated as the best mobile network in the UK for the past year, according to a study of more than a million tests.
A man who drove a rollercoaster across the streets of Dumfries while drunk has been given a two-year driving ban.
On the morning of 5 January, a small group of residents of Vila Uniao, a poor neighbourhood in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, woke up to a strange sight.
The UK's nuclear regulator has moved to reduce the risk of a reactor breaching a safety margin, but it may have to increase the weight of the material it is monitoring.
A US man has been arrested after he shot dead a lion in Zimbabwe for the first time in the wild.
A Scotch whisky maker is to donate more than £300,000 to Islay to help preserve the island's history and heritage as part of its 200th anniversary celebrations.
David Hockney's former partner has told an inquest into the death of a friend who died after drinking acid from his home's toilet that he had been drinking drugs.
Nigeria's Chierika Ukogu has made history as the first female Nigerian to compete at an Olympics, but it seems her success may have been overshadowed by a mistake by US rapper Snoop Dogg.
A plane bound for Chicago has made a second emergency landing in 24 hours after taking off from Scotland's second busiest airport.
The Manchester Arena bombing has raised the terror threat level to critical, with major sporting events in the city expected to be under increased security following the attack.
The government spent £8.3bn on academies in England in the two years after the election of the Labour government, more than £1bn over budget, a report says.
Russell Knox arrived at the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart on Monday morning to a warm welcome from the media and a warm reception from the crowd.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is to sue Lancashire Police for £1m in a bid to force the force to solve the case.
Police in Brazil have asked the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, to give evidence in a corruption investigation into ticketing at the Rio Olympics.
Joyce Banda, the first female president of Malawi, has been greeted with a mixture of jubilation and derision in the country.
The English Football League has announced the first round of ties for the 2017-18 EFL Cup, with Charlton Athletic and Exeter City the only Premier League sides to be drawn away from home in the first phase.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Australia last week have been returned to their enclosure, after being found by police.
The UK's intelligence services need more women in the job.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has said the Westminster attack was "unjust" and "unacceptable".
Singer Charlotte Church has announced she has lost her baby girl.
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a crash while being chased by police has been jailed for five years.
A woman who lived as a man for more than 40 years before undergoing gender reassignment surgery has said she is "happy" to be in the right body.
Astronomers have discovered the first planet that's very close to the size of our own Jupiter.
A campsite has been set up in Newport for peace campaigners to camp out ahead of the Nato summit in the city.
A man has been arrested by police investigating allegations that Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was hacked and private photographs of her children offered for sale.
Police are investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" directed at members of the Polish community in the wake of the EU referendum result.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales flanker Rob McCusker on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
French police say they are hunting a gang of gunmen who ambushed a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris, stealing 250,000 euros ($300,000; £200,000) in cash and documents.
"You don't need to be a professional referee to know that you are a professional athlete."
Shetland's main hospital has reopened after a power cut caused by a fault at a radio transmitter in Orkney.
A school's prom has been cancelled because of "significant focus and distraction" caused by the event and the "unacceptable pressure" on pupils to be "perfectly thin and fashionable", it has been claimed.
Mohamed is a man who is desperate to get out of Turkey.
Former Ospreys boss Gary Porter has returned to the club as chairman after a two-year absence.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she fell asleep during the State of the Union address last year after drinking wine before the speech.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a "major investigation" into a suspected terror offence.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has announced he is to step down after more than four years in office.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of using "industrial scale" social media abuse against its MPs in the general election campaign.
Police have appealed for a taxi driver to help them trace two teenage girls who may have been involved in an attempted kidnap.
A food truck that trains former criminals in the catering industry is to expand its work with offenders who have made a commitment to change their lives away from violence and crime.
A man who raped a woman in Edinburgh 10 years ago is on a most-wanted list of sex offenders who are thought to be in the Netherlands.
Dallas police have stepped up security at their headquarters, moving armoured vehicles and deploying armed officers to the building.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before sexually abusing him and then raping him has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Williams is the latest astronaut to be sent to the International Space Station.
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her from taking part in future protests against tree felling.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas has backed team boss Dave Brailsford, saying he is "completely behind" the boss in the wake of the latest doping scandal to hit British Cycling.
Snap, the owner of messaging app Snapchat, has announced it is developing a pair of sunglasses that can record video.
Guinea-Bissau's football team have been granted a two-week extension to their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign after they settled outstanding bonuses for qualifying.
David Cameron has said the government will make a decision on plans for a satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks "properly" after consultations.
Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford and move into the Championship play-off places.
Two wings of a prison in Wiltshire have been destroyed after a series of disturbances involving up to 100 inmates.
England Test batsman Joe Root says he will take more responsibility for his batting under new head coach Peter Moores after being named player of the year for the men's side.
Southend United boss Grant McCann says he will not give up on the play-offs despite his side's 3-0 defeat by Peterborough United on Saturday.
A public inquiry has begun into plans for more than 1,000 homes on a former military base in Kent.
A railway line which was closed for more than a week after a section of track collapsed is expected to reopen next week, Network Rail has said.
An Asian detective has been awarded compensation after he claimed an officer at the Metropolitan Police used a monkey toy as a "sexist joke" in a racist incident, the BBC has learned.
Journalists have condemned comments by Philippines President-elect Rodrigo Duterte that security officials should be allowed to kill people for insulting him.
A surfer who was killed by a shark in Western Australia has died in hospital.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling into the sea at an RNLI event in Gwynedd.
Botswana is one of the most successful countries in southern Africa, and has been a major player in the diamond industry for decades.
A toddler who died from a combination of septicaemia, infection and blunt chest trauma had suffered "many and terrible injuries" at the time she died, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat 10-man St Johnstone and move closer to Scottish Premiership survival.
A man has been found guilty of killing his partner after she sent him texts saying she feared for her life.
Three security staff have given a man the "kiss-of-life" after they rescued him from a car which had crashed into a dyke.
The number of armed police officers patrolling the streets of London will be increased by 1,500, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's parliament has approved a controversial electoral reform that will change the way the country elects MPs.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with banking and telecom shares leading the way, as investors bet on more tax cuts and a rise in interest rates.
A man who caused the death of a three-year-old boy in a crash in which four people were injured has been jailed for four years.
Double Paralympic champion Jo Cox, T37 sprinter Jo Peacock and T34 treble winner Sophie Cockroft are among the athletes named in Great Britain's squad for the World Para-athletics Championships in London next month.
The Afghan president has promised to investigate a rape case involving a woman who says she was gang raped by a group of men she had just given birth to, the BBC has learned.
A man who broke into his girlfriend's home and caused £1,000 worth of damage before threatening to kill her has been jailed for six months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott hit his second Championship century of the season as they put themselves in a strong position against Somerset.
Newport County manager Mike Flynn's first game in charge of the club ended in victory as Mickey Demetriou's free-kick gave them victory over Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored twice as England began their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea in Group B.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of a house in Rochester and Strood on Twitter in which she appeared to mock a resident.
The Carpenters' former lead singer Richard Carpenter is suing the record label that has released his sister's music for decades, claiming they are being underpaid for digital downloads of the band's music.
A Scottish business delegation is to visit Myanmar later to explore opportunities in the country's oil and gas industry.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has been at the centre of a row over the treatment of Haitian migrants who have been deported from the country to Haiti.
A Surrey school is to be expanded to cope with a "significant increase" in pupil numbers.
Portsmouth have signed Congo international Vincent Linganzi on a permanent deal after his loan spell from Championship side Reading ended.
Ulster pair Jared Henderson and Tommy Bowe could return from injury in time for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
A decision on whether a Brecon Beacons town should be turned into a supermarket has been made by councillors.
Aberdeen's Scottish Championship play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by St Mirren.
Australian Treasurer Josh Frydenberg has called for a temporary solution to the refugee crisis, as pressure mounts on Prime Minister Tony Abbott to do more to help those fleeing the Middle East.
More than 30 scientists and academics have criticised the Scottish government's decision to seek permission to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A school has been criticised for telling a four-year-old girl she could not wear a headscarf in class.
A man who fraudulently claimed almost £40,000 in benefits from the Scottish government has been jailed for three years.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death after a car crash in West Sussex has been found guilty of manslaughter.
The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The success of our team at the Continental Cup in Canada will be a huge boost to the future of women's football in England, and we are looking forward to a successful return to Wembley this weekend.
Neil Hamilton has hit back at UKIP leader Nigel Farage after the party's new AM for Cardiff Central said he was "getting on a bit in years" after the leader made an ageist remark about him.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side's performance in their win over Manchester United was "the game we wanted and expected".
A review into the quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales is to be launched.
The new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C has been named as Gareth Evans.
Mae Theresa May wedi dweud yn dilyn pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth yn y Senedd yn cael ei chynnal yn San Steffan, yn ôl blaid Laf
Scientists are to carry out a major study of human remains believed to be from mythical "yeti" creatures, in an effort to shed light on the mystery of the mythical beasts.
Uefa has criticised the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) for "inadequate" procedures after Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho failed a drugs test for a banned substance.
The UK should adopt a more open approach to genetically modified crops, a report by leading scientists has said.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as "utterly mistaken" a deputy chief of staff's remarks that Israelis are "living in the shadow of Nazi Germany".
The government is considering cutting its funding to Welsh language broadcaster S4C while an investigation into its future is carried out, the culture secretary has said.
Passengers are being warned of disruption to their train services as a major engineering project begins at a railway tunnel in Glasgow.
Liverpool owner Marwan Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club are being sold.
The latest GCSE results have been released and there are some very striking differences between the results in England, Northern Ireland and Wales.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged countries to take urgent action to avoid a global economic slowdown, after a meeting of finance ministers and central bankers.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the first Republican debate of the 2016 presidential race, with the frontrunners set to face off in a live TV event.
England back-row Ellis Genge has signed a new contract with Leicester Tigers, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2016-17 season.
The car tax disc system is likely to lead to job losses at the DVLA in Wales, the finance minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of a new pitch policy has helped improve the county's batting performance.
If you're looking for a place to live next to Facebook HQ in Silicon Valley, you might have been wondering what it would be like to live in a Facebook town.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 15-year-old Bailey Gwynne who was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Joe Ward on a two-year contract after he turned down a new deal with the Cumbrian club.
Three teenagers who were jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a street attack have had their sentences increased on appeal.
It was a night of celebration and celebration.
The Sykes-Picot map, which laid out the borders of the Middle East in the early 20th Century, has been in the news again.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he is determined to return to Manchester City when his contract expires at the end of the season.
The amount spent by English football clubs on agents and intermediaries has risen by more than 50% in the past two years, according to the latest figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper David Gilmartin and goalkeeper David Brill on free transfers.
"I don't think I'm a bad person," says David Dingledine, with a smile that suggests he is trying to hide a smile.
A couple found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed by their husband who took his own life, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan was speaking about the "crisis" that Scotland were in when he spoke about the opening day of their World Cup qualifier against Malta on Sunday.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with a win over struggling Coventry City, who remain without a win in eight games.
Australia has sent 46 Vietnamese refugees back to Vietnam after a boat carrying them was scuttled off its coast, the government has said.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead in the MotoGP title race with a dominant victory in the Spanish Grand Prix.
Katherine Glover says she is looking forward to a return to the Great Britain coxless pair for the World Championships in Amsterdam after missing out on the 2016 title with world champion Polly Swann.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "ditching" the coalition's commitment to fairness and civil liberties in his final speech as Lib Dem leader.
China's industrial production grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in April, official figures have shown, adding to concerns that the country's economy is losing momentum.
Microsoft's Kinect system is a game-changer.
The general election has ended with Labour winning a third consecutive general election in Wales, and the Conservatives seeing their vote share fall across the country.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Ola Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting is under way in the general election in Merseyside.
A huge billboard in County Down has been erected in support of a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Pride parade in London, with organisers calling for people to "live without filter" as they marched through the capital.
A helicopter manufacturer has said it could close its only UK manufacturing site after a major manufacturer, Leonardo, said it was moving to take over production.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping a woman and assaulting a police officer after he allegedly tried to abduct her in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed Rockall, a tiny uninhabited island in the North Atlantic, as a military outpost in the 1950s.
The artist who painted The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City defender Sean Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government's new renewable energy strategy has set out its vision for the future of biomass, with the aim of reducing the country's carbon footprint by 80% by 2050.
The International Monetary Fund has cut its forecast for the UK budget deficit by £1.5bn for the next parliament.
Sophie Raworth is to join the presenters of BBC One's Watchdog as a presenter for the first time.
The president of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take Fifa to court over the organisation's handling of the upcoming presidential elections if a member of the electoral committee does not step aside.
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl who was found dead in her parents' home in London more than 30 years ago.
The BBC's spending on television and radio in the last two years was worth £8.3bn to the UK economy, according to the corporation.
World number three Ding Junhui produced a masterclass to take a 10-0 lead over world number four Mark Williams in the quarter-finals of the World Championship.
The US has lifted restrictions on its security assistance to Bahrain, the US State Department has announced.
A ticket for a Beatles concert in 1963, which was bought for just £1, has been put up for auction and is expected to fetch up to £4,000.
The government should review its strategy for care leavers in England and Wales to ensure they get the support they need, say MPs.
A teachers' union has urged its members to "actively" oppose a requirement for schools to promote "fundamental British values".
A body has been found in the search for a man who has been missing from his home in Rhondda Cynon Taff for more than a week.
David Oyelowo has said Benedict Cumberbatch's comments about black actors being "coloured" are "ridiculous".
The law that protects vulnerable people from being deprived of their liberty in care homes and hospitals in England and Wales is "failing" and should be scrapped, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher's time in power was marked by a series of economic reforms that transformed the way we lived and worked.
A major oil discovery has been made by BP and GDF Suez in the Central North Sea, the companies have announced.
Red Bull have dropped their hopes of using Mercedes engines in 2016, with the team now considering other manufacturers as their preferred option.
The largest cruise ship to dock in the US in more than a decade has docked in Alabama, after a fire on board left more than 1,000 passengers stranded for more than two weeks.
Harlequins came from 30-18 down to beat London Irish and set up a crucial Premiership meeting with Newcastle Falcons next weekend, despite a spirited display in the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
The Department of the States of Guernsey has launched a consultation on the potential for new housing and business development in the island.
A screening of Slumdog Millionaire is to be held in a village named after a character in the Oscar-winning film.
Marcus Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries to rescue Somerset's hopes of a draw against Middlesex on day four.
A government-commissioned report into the so-called "Trojan Horse" schools scandal in Birmingham has found evidence of a "co-ordinated agenda to impose a hardline and politicised strain of Sunni Islam" on some schools, a leaked report says.
Venezuela's National Assembly has been left in the dark after a power cut interrupted a debate on energy policy, as MPs discussed a new law.
A woman in Vietnam's northern province of Quang Binh was waiting for her son to be referred to a hospital for an operation when she realised she could not afford the treatment he needed.
Argentina has said it will prosecute five oil companies operating in the Falkland Islands, accusing them of illegally drilling for oil and gas in the area.
Two of England's most successful rugby union players were "big boys" when they were playing junior rugby, a club chairman has said.
The world's oldest human being has died at the age of 112, after a long illness, her doctor has confirmed.
Scarlets captain Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe and will be a major challenge for any team to beat in the Champions Cup.
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of Super League with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
A boxer who was banned from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past has become a professional boxer.
Maria Sharapova is back, and she is back to winning.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Kei Nishikori to win his 11th Australian Open title and move into the last 16 of the season.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker to bolster his squad after Botti Bia-Bi's fine start to the season.
French President Francois Hollande has said the European Union must be "simple, clear and understandable" after a series of setbacks for pro-EU parties.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over his promise to cut immigration to levels last seen in the 1990s.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system and build a fleet of four new submarines, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds of government money is to be made available to help councils in England introduce weekly bin collections, the government has announced.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence of a "prehistoric supermarket" of trees and plants in the Amazon rainforest, which they say could only have been created by humans.
Tom Walsh kicked a late penalty to secure Catalans Dragons a dramatic victory over Hull FC at the Stade Gilbert Brutus.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of original songs, all of which are heavy metal covers, on his record label, EMI.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's time as Cardiff City manager was a failure.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to go through the same experience again after guiding the club to Premier League survival.
Labour's David Cameron has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for Cleveland.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a historic Edinburgh pub for the first time in more than 300 years.
Stephen Copoc was a gardener from Liverpool who travelled to the match by car with his brother, Peter Copoc, who was also killed in the crash.
A US marine has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a transgender woman in the Philippines, in a case that has sparked a diplomatic row between the two countries.
Ian Fleming has called for those found guilty of match-fixing to be banned from tennis, saying it is "not an option" for future players.
The US military is considering whether to transfer Chelsea Manning, the US soldier jailed for leaking classified documents, to a civilian prison to receive treatment for gender dysphoria, the Pentagon has said.
David Cameron is to reject the criticism of his government by Iain Duncan Smith in a statement to Conservative MPs, as he seeks to calm the row over the Budget.
Britain's Heather Watson has been knocked out of the WTA Finals in the second round by American qualifier Madison Brengle.
For many people, finding the time to spend time with their grandchildren is a challenge that can take years to achieve.
Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix as Ferrari dominated a day of high drama for Mercedes.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean from Scottish Premiership side St Johnstone.
Disney has been in the news for the past few years for buying up a number of Hollywood studios.
The number of students placed through the university "clearing" system has reached a record high of nearly 1,000,000 at the start of the academic year.
The use of phosphorus, a key ingredient in the fertiliser used to boost crops, could double by the middle of the century.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he will consider restricting the purchase of homes by foreign nationals if he wins the election in October.
A three-year-old boy who had a liver transplant after his father donated part of his own has made "satisfactory" progress, his grandmother has said.
A charity founder who helped raise money for a Cumbrian teenager who died after publishing her bucket list has been given a suspended jail sentence.
A former police community support officer has been jailed for six years for grooming and sexually abusing a teenage girl.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth, prompting a warning from police.
Sheffield Panthers beat Cardiff Devils 4-1 in the Challenge Cup final to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils.
Helen Williams, the first Miss America to resign the title, has received an apology from the pageant's chairman and CEO at the pageant in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be sold as scrap with the option of turning them into a marine museum or a tourist attraction, the BBC understands.
A company behind plans for a controversial interconnector cable linking the Western Isles to the mainland has submitted further details of its business case for the project.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson, who was kidnapped in Mali in 2013, has been freed after more than two years in captivity.
Wigan Athletic moved into the Championship play-off places as goals from Will Grigg and Nick Powell saw off struggling Blackburn Rovers.
Children with type 1 diabetes should be given better treatment in hospital, with the cost to the health system "high", experts have said.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point against Preston North End after a poor first half at the City Ground.
The father of a man shot dead during an anti-government protest in Venezuela has called on President Nicolás Maduro to "save his son", as he visited his body in a hospital in Caracas.
A Belfast man who recorded interviews with former IRA members for an American college has said he is fighting a legal bid to prevent police from accessing material from the so-called "Boston tapes".
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank at a pet shop while its owner was in the next room.
A case of bird flu has been found in a flock of about 1,000 turkeys at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The UN refugee agency has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop the forced return of refugees from the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency in northern Cameroon.
A woman who was left brain damaged after being swept into a swimming pool by a classmate when she was a seven-year-old has won compensation from a council.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he is looking forward to being invited to play for the Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, a day after the UN called for a delay to the vote because of the country's political crisis.
Low interest rates have left millions of savers in the UK facing a bleak future, with many struggling to make ends meet.
The Forth Bridge has been given Unesco World Heritage Site status after being nominated by the Scottish government.
The Scottish Football Association has confirmed that Gordon Strachan will remain as Scotland manager after the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Thursday.
A plant that can soak up up up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide a year could be used to offset the carbon dioxide emissions from cars and trucks, a study suggests.
Scotland's political parties have been campaigning for votes as the final day of the general election campaign draws to a close.
The family of Burkina Faso's former President Blaise Sankara have asked France to declassify military documents relating to his assassination, a lawyer for the family says.
At least 20 people have been killed and at least 20 others injured after a bridge collapsed in the Indian state of Goa, police say.
Edinburgh has the second highest number of traffic "pinch points" in the UK, with 455, according to a new study.
A man has admitted secretly filming women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre while wearing khaki shorts and trainers.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into the alleged kidnapping of at least 20 people.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he will not tolerate any further punishment for players Scott Foster and Ryan Swanson after they were sent off in the 2-1 win over Hamilton Academical.
British singer Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist and record of the year.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of the month of Ramadan, and we've been asking you what you're celebrating.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired in the same street.
A transgender woman who killed herself in prison was told she wanted to move to a women's prison, her partner has told an inquest.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose sharply in the second quarter of the financial year, according to new figures.
A school trip to a farm ended in a serious accident when a trailer carrying children on a school trip overturned, injuring six of them.
Andy Murray has a chance to clinch Great Britain's first Davis Cup final victory in Belgium since 1936 when he takes on the world number 15 in Sunday's decisive third-round tie.
Anthony Joshua says he has been "pushed to places he has never been pushed before" as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service in Rome, in which he condemned the "complicit silence" of the world over the persecution of Christians.
The judge in the case of the man accused of killing 12 people in a Colorado cinema shooting has ordered that the media be given a limited amount of coverage of his case.
Bolivia's government has ordered the creation of a "security ring" to contain a huge locust swarm that has devastated thousands of hectares of land in the country.
Former Wales and British Lions rugby union captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the New Year Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten by England in their final Group F game in Group F.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the changing patterns of Antarctic sea ice, a study suggests.
A polar bear has been introduced to a Scottish zoo in an effort to breed the first polar bear cubs in the UK for more than 25 years.
Martin Martin will replace Martin McGuinness in the Honda team for the 2017 Isle of Man TT after the former champion was forced to retire from the race in 2016.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been taken to prison after being sentenced for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted swimming in Belfast Harbour in the River Foyle.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of an African-American woman who was found hanged in her car in a Texas jail cell.
Shrewsbury Town and Fleetwood Town played out a goalless FA Cup first-round draw in the League One derby at Shrewsburys Stadium.
Louis Vuitton has posted a message on Twitter saying he's "always in my heart" for Harry Styles and it's now the most retweeted tweet in history.
A Chilean court has found a German man guilty of being part of a cult that ran a slave colony in Chile during the Pinochet era.
There have been a number of new MP speeches since the general election, and some of them have been about the new MPs who have been sworn in.
In the Victorian fairground where the grotesque mixed with the gaudy, there would be the stand where you would be able to lace up a pair of boxing gloves and take on the gnarled and grizzled man mountain who would be waiting for you in the ring.
A community pub which reopened after a 10-year closure has been named the UK's best community pub in a competition run by a campaign group.
Mexico's health ministry has launched an investigation into allegations of a medical fraud in the eastern state of Veracruz.
The Large Hadron Collider has detected the decay of a particle that could be one of the most important candidates for the existence of superparticles, according to researchers.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's financial problems have left fans "tired" and "frustrated" and they need investors to help them stay in business.
The funeral of an Army officer who died while taking part in the London Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was held captive and raped by two men in a "terrifying" false imprisonment ordeal has said he will never forget the ordeal.
A US soldier killed in a US air strike against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been named by the Pentagon as a 25-year-old from New York.
The MTV Movie Awards were a big night for Hollywood, with Zac Efron, Jennifer Lopez and Kevin Hart among the winners.
Exeter City striker Jordan Spencer is set to miss the rest of the season after injuring his knee.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the Champions League squad for the club's last-16 tie against Arsenal on Wednesday.
A dolphin has died in Spain after tourists who wanted to take pictures of it were "inappropriate" and "unethical", an animal welfare group has said.
Two men have been assaulted and robbed by a gang of men in a raid on a house in the Drumchapel area of Glasgow.
A doctor in County Down has started a challenge to get his patients to climb a mountain every day for a month to help them get fit.
Shenenu Kewlani is a disability rights activist who has been fighting for the rights of people with disabilities for more than a decade.
About 1,000 properties in Northern Ireland were left without power on Saturday night after a fault in a power substation.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found with fatal stab wounds in a street.
A new group is to be set up to help resolve " outstanding design issues" with plans for a £100m cycle and bus path in Edinburgh.
The number of midwives in Wales needs to be sustained to avoid a "deterioration" in services, a report has said.
The 2003 Iraq invasion "radicalised" a whole generation of young people, the former head of MI5 has said, adding that the UK's involvement in the war "undoubtedly increased" the level of terrorist threat to the UK.
The field for Friday's Grand National has been confirmed, with Many Clouds the favourite to win a third successive year's race.
Teachers' pay in Northern Ireland is "very favourably" compared with other graduate professions, the head of the Education Authority has said.
The annual count of the animals at Chester Zoo is under way.
The number of people arrested for drinking alcohol on UK airports has risen by more than a third in the past year, figures obtained by Panorama show.
A teenager has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a 15-year-old boy who was found after being found on the dark web, police say.
The Green Party is still calling for a second referendum on the final Brexit deal, its leader Caroline Lucas has said, as she set out her party's stance on the issue.
A hospital trust has been praised for improving the care it provides for patients with mental health problems after being rated inadequate in a previous inspection.
Two members of Bangladesh's gay community have been hacked to death by suspected Islamist militants in the capital, Dhaka, in the latest in a series of attacks on secular and atheist targets.
Rule the World, the first Grand National winner for Gigginstown House Stud, has been retired.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are due to arrive in Liberia for a trial in which 10,000 people are to be given it.
Police have made a fresh search for a missing Inverness man who has been missing for more than a week.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, who played one of the most famous characters in British TV history, has died at the age of 74.
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland has risen sharply over the past 40 years, according to new figures.
A search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to begin on Tuesday, his friend has said.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5% in the past month, according to the latest figures from the RAC.
A university has written to students at a private university asking them to "show consideration" for their neighbours after complaints of noise and drunken behaviour.
The centenary of the birth of playwright Arthur Miller is being marked with a series of productions marking the anniversary of his birth.
A hospital has banned visitors from its wards after a norovirus outbreak led to the closure of all its wards.
A man has appeared in court charged with acid attacks on two men who were attacked in a street.
The closure of cross-channel ferry firm SeaFrance has been confirmed by a French court, with the loss of more than 600 jobs in the UK.
Thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Jordan, against a new electoral law that critics say has marginalised the country's Bedouin minority.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied he confessed to the rape and murder of 15-year-old Milly Dowler.
Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana, following a recommendation by a committee set up to study the issue.
Derek McInnes has come up trumps in his second season in charge of Aberdeen, according to former Pittodrie defender Lee Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a new contract, but has not revealed how much money the club are prepared to pay.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90, after a long illness.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recording of Stairway To Heaven recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been released.
The history of Wales has been written in the language of the common people for more than a century, but the history of the country has changed dramatically since the time of the Norman invaders.
A prison officer has been injured in an attack at a prison in County Antrim.
Shoppers who return gifts on Tuesday could face problems getting a refund, as a surge in e-commerce sales and discounts mean many are sending items back.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has told the Northern Ireland Assembly that people need to accept that the current system is not working.
A schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium that killed a driver and injured two other people has been "emotionally not quite right", her father has said.
Dundee scored twice in the final 10 minutes to beat Motherwell and end a run of three straight defeats after the controversial "ghost goal" was ruled out.
Former Dundee United midfielder Jon Daly has not ruled out a return to Rangers after leaving the club in the summer.
Derby County eased to victory at Ipswich Town to end Mick McCarthy's first home league game in charge of the Championship club.
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time in more than two months, as a fall in US inventories and a rise in demand boosted the price of the oil commodity.
A man who drove a Ferrari around Beijing in under three minutes has been arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol, Chinese state media report.
Councils in England are failing to meet their promise to replace all the homes sold under Right to Buy, according to housing charity Shelter.
Russian MPs are set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of media outlets, amid a row over the conflict in Ukraine.
Two fire stations in the West Midlands could be demolished after the fire service was told it needs to build a new one.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two children in the back.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out plans to tackle the migrant crisis, saying EU countries must take in 160,000 more refugees.
A businessman who was involved in the development of a football stadium in Northampton was paid more than £2.65m by the company that ran the project, BBC News has learned.
It has been a week that has seen a remarkable turnaround in the attitude of Chechnya's leader towards his critics.
A US judge has ordered the release on bail of former Haitian police chief Guy Philippe, who is facing charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses who find it difficult to afford to live in the south of England.
Nine people have been arrested in India for allegedly taking bribes to build a building that collapsed, killing at least 40 people, in the western city of Mumbai.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation for his alleged involvement in an alleged blackmail plot to blackmail a team-mate over a sex tape.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two-year deal after he impressed during a trial period.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs to move up to second in Division One and maintain their push for a top-two finish in the County Championship.
Thousands of people are taking part in the annual Christmas swimming season, with organisers predicting a rise in numbers this year.
Three Chinese weightlifters have been banned for a year after failing retests for doping at the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games.
The number of empty shops in Scottish towns and cities has fallen by more than a third in the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to negotiate special deals with other EU member states during the Brexit negotiations, the EU has said.
Greek shares have fallen sharply after talks between Athens and its creditors broke up without agreement, with investors fearing a default and possible exit from the eurozone.
Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge to prevent a strike by its pilots that will hit German flights from Tuesday.
Glastonbury Festival has admitted breaching the Environment Agency's sewage rules after sewage leaked into a river and polluted a nearby stream.
The UK's public finances will need to make more cuts than planned in the next parliament to balance the books, the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege.
For the British and Irish Lions, Ross Moriarty's first week with the squad has been a mixture of the best and the worst.
Labour's Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the exams system for 14-19 year olds in England, saying the current system is no longer delivering the skills needed for the labour market.
Workers at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland factories have been told to expect a major job cut as the company prepares to announce further job losses.
The government should set a new target for "world-beating" broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A body found in a river was actually a bronze sculpture, police have said.
A man who was caught by undercover police officers trying to lure a teenager into sex has been jailed for four years.
Solihull Moors moved into the National League play-off places with a narrow win at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in 110,000 refugees in 2017, more than double the number it plans to take in this year.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has said he will not stand for election again and is considering a new job as a think-tank chairman.
Archaeologists have discovered nine graves at the Corn Exchange in Brighton during a dig to uncover the remains of people buried there more than 200 years ago.
Mae gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus
A flood prevention grant for homes and businesses in York hit by flooding last year has been criticised for being "incredibly complicated" and "putting off" people.
A woman who was injured in a crash which killed her friend during a hen party in Leeds has said she wants to help others who have suffered similar injuries.
Police in Cuba have detained more than 100 opposition activists who were protesting against the government's treatment of political prisoners, activists say.
Scotland's new car sales fell last month, according to the latest figures from the Scottish Motor Trade Association.
Police are investigating a spate of incidents of men posing as police officers in Edinburgh city centre in an attempt to steal money from tourists.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada over the controversial CETA deal, despite protests against the deal.
A chocolate artist has recreated the ships of the Battle of Trafalgar in a chocolate bar to mark the centenary of the battle.
A man who suffered a "rare" cardiac arrest outside his home had to be shocked 17 times by paramedics after he fell ill.
Northern Ireland rower Katherine Grainger won a silver medal for Great Britain in the women's double sculls at the World Rowing Cup in Rotterdam.
The Kids Company, the charity that closed after a row over funding, was aware of allegations of sexual abuse at one of its sites, the BBC has learned.
A dog who is so popular with shoppers he is given his own shop in a supermarket that people are willing to buy him treats to help him cross the road.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places as goals from Joe Evans and Ryan Leonard saw off a spirited Shrewsbury Town.
South Africa's new mayor of the city of Tshwane has said he will not allow the city to spend more than 5m rand ($356,000; £266,000) on luxury cars bought by the governing party.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour the current pension arrangements with the firm's workers, the Unite union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown up a device in a terminal at Beijing's international airport, apparently in protest at his treatment by Chinese police, state media say.
A tanker has crashed into a tree on the M4 in Cardiff, causing a major road closure and causing delays for motorists.
Jean-Marc Bosman's career was a career that almost ended in disaster but his fight to scrap transfer fees and end the transfer loophole that made him a global star has helped him to become a spokesman for a campaign to scrap the rules that have made him an international celebrity.
A report into progress on plans for a £10m flood protection centre in Dumfriesshire is to be given a full report to councillors.
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management after visitors were left frustrated when they tried to leave the theme park.
A care home has been given a month to improve the care provided to elderly and vulnerable people after inspectors found a number of failings.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed he's gay.
A girl who had her home burgled has written a letter to the thieves who stole her birthday money and jewellery, telling them they had made her "scared of the dark".
A second teenager has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the head during an altercation at a shopping centre in south-east London on Saturday.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined the United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising, the club have announced.
Chelsea have completed the signing of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona.
A New Zealand man has survived a fall of about 15 floors after he was locked out of his 14th floor apartment and tried to climb down from a balcony, his friends say.
Jessica Ennis-Hill should take time out from competition after her Olympic silver medal disappointment to decide her future, says her coach Michele Minichiello.
Will Miller's late equaliser for Burton Albion earned them a draw at Wolves in the Championship after a goal in the final minute of the game.
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened by a man with a gun during a raid on her home in Manchester, police have said.
Average footfall in town centres in the Borders has risen by 1.5% in the past year, according to figures from the region's council.
Bhutan is one of the world's newest and most remote countries, a tiny Himalayan kingdom on the border of India and China.
Motherwell striker Lee Grant believes new Scotland head coach Shelley Kerr can take the women's team "even further" than the current squad.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade, but said it expects to raise it again in 2018.
A public meeting has been held in Flintshire to discuss plans to close a community hospital and transfer some services to England.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from German club Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
Mark Connolly's late header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool at the Kassam Stadium.
The Wales Bill has been passed by AMs after Labour and the Conservatives joined forces to give consent to the legislation.
As the Egyptian authorities shut down the internet and mobile phone lines, the BBC's Ahmed Rashid has been speaking to some of the people involved in the social media revolution in Cairo, including members of the Facebook community, who have been involved in Tahrir Square since the start of the uprising.
The SNP has won the Ayr East by-election following a by- election in the Airdrie and South Ayrshire ward.
An Italian court has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven scientists who were convicted of misleading the public over earthquake warnings.
A supplement that boosts the immune system could help treat deadly infections, a study suggests.
The police and social services failed to properly investigate the extent of child sexual exploitation taking place in residential care homes, a report has found.
They are the unstoppable, unstoppable zombies who have taken over the world, and the only thing stopping them from taking over the train.
Congolese singer Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo after he was accused of assaulting a Kenyan dancer in a Kenyan nightclub.
Three convicted rapists who have absconded from a minimum-security prison are being sought by police.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager on a three-year deal.
Rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea to create furniture for students, and has called for the company to allow him to create his own products.
Flights were delayed at Edinburgh Airport after a computer fault caused the check-in area to be left without screens.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a 14-year old boy was taken ill after taking what police said was a "potentially lethal" batch of drugs.
The Burmese government has set up a commission to investigate the violence that erupted in June in the western state of Rakhine, killing at least 49 people.
A good education can boost the income of a criminal by more than three times the rate of a violent crime, a study suggests.
Wigan Warriors have signed England full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Salford Red Devils on a two-year contract.
Airbus chief executive Fabrice Bregier has said the company will not change its investment plans in the UK if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
A new planet similar in size to Earth has been discovered by Nasa's Kepler space telescope.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died after being involved in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two buildings which will be full of plants and trees are being built in China to help fight pollution.
Tom Daley missed out on a place in the Olympic 10m platform final as he finished fourth in Rio, missing out on the chance to win Great Britain's first medal of the Rio Games.
Olivier Sanchez scored a late winner as holders Arsenal beat Burnley to secure a third FA Cup win in a row and a place in the fourth round.
The finance minister is to brief his cabinet colleagues on the publication of a report into the controversial Nama property loan sale process later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked by hackers who published a series of offensive messages.
Amara is a student from Sierra Leone who's studying in Norwich and he's had a bit of a shock.
The BBC has announced it is to extend its News at Ten, its flagship news programme, from Monday to Thursday, from next year.
Premiership coaches are "vulnerable" to being sacked because of the increasing number of high-profile sacking, says the Rugby Players' Association.
Leicester City assistant manager Craig Shakespeare should not be given the job of replacing Claudio Ranieri, says former Foxes defender Martin Keown.
The family of a woman who killed herself after being sent home from hospital have described a report into her death as "a load of psycho babble and twaddle".
Sony has announced it is to resume vinyl record production, ending a 30-year absence from the format.
A polar bear at a Scottish wildlife park has been taken off show to allow her to see if she is pregnant with cubs.
Summer sunshine can be good for your health, according to a new statement from leading medical experts.
The government has announced a new strategy to tackle extremism, including the cancellation of passports for children aged under 16 and the creation of a blacklist of people deemed to be extremists.
A campaign has been launched to set up a specialist centre for a rare muscle-wasting disease in Wales.
A flood-hit bridge that was damaged in last year's floods will not be repaired quickly and will take at least two years to repair, a council has said.
Ricky Burns fought with courage and resolve to retain his WBC international featherweight title despite being knocked down in the eighth round by Mexican Andres Beltran at the SSE Hydro in Glasgow.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic attacks on foreigners.
A man has died after falling from a second floor window.
An inquiry into the government's plans to change the rules on so-called "purdah" in the run-up to the EU referendum has been launched by a group of MPs.
A pensioner from the Borders has become the first person to cash in his pension pot, ahead of the changes to the rules on withdrawals from the pots.
A Neolithic "crannog" built on a hillside in Monmouthshire has been found to be thousands of years older than previously thought.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn six-figure salaries, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
It's 100 years since the start of the biggest battle of the World War One.
The European Commission has defended its draft deal with the UK on welfare for new EU migrants, saying it will allow the UK to "restrict the excess" of migrants entering its labour market for up to four years.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl at a school has been given a suspended sentence for two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the chest in a fight in West Sussex.
The Republican presidential candidates for the 2016 election clashed over immigration, taxes and the media in a fiery debate in Colorado.
A man whose body was found in his car in a Birmingham street has been named by police.
Ukraine's president has called for a "firm reaction" from the world after pro-Russian rebels seized the strategic town of Debaltseve in eastern Ukraine.
Rock band The Rolling Stones have topped the UK album chart for the second time with their latest record, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to take over as manager of League One side Bury on a two-year deal.
Turkey has sacked three more senior military officials in the wake of last month's failed coup, the interior ministry says.
Councils across England are carrying out urgent safety checks of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire, following the "horrific" blaze.
It is 30 years since Mike Young's SuperTed was first shown on Welsh language television, but the Welsh-born animator is planning a new series of the popular cartoon.
At least 11 Egyptian pilgrims have been killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia, the country's state news agency Mena has reported.
Former soldier John Barnes has said he is "not ready to meet" his attacker, who attacked him with a hammer and a knife.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the US Open at Erin Hills after suffering a back injury in a fall at his home in California.
Exeter City moved up to third in League Two with a narrow victory over Cambridge United at St James' Park.
Rolls-Royce's research and development could be put at risk if it moves its research and production out of Derby, the Unite union's regional leader has said.
Bangladesh Cricket Board chairman Wasim Khan has criticised Cricket Australia for postponing the tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns.
Birds' immune system can fight off a deadly fungus that can cause serious illness in humans, according to scientists at the University of Sheffield and the University Of Birmingham.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning just minutes after taking off.
Scientists have reconstructed the nervous system of a fossilised "great appendage" arthropod using 3D scanning technology.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby.
A campaign has been launched to get a new road to Stonehenge re-opened to ease traffic congestion caused by the closure of a major route through Shrewsbury.
A couple from Bradford are hoping to break a UK record by being the longest married couple in the UK.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder David Caddis about his future.
Australia's Mitchell Johnson hopes to add to his Ashes success by inflicting a second defeat on England in the series by taking a third Ashes wicket.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as Team Sky's British rider continued his strong form by taking the leader's yellow jersey.
An Orange hall in County Antrim has been vandalised.
Three people have been killed and more than 20 injured after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands on Sunday.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on the issues that will decide the next election, a leading Labour MP has said.
A fire service could lose up to 50 jobs as part of a £1.3m cost-cutting plan to cut the number of engines and stations in Suffolk.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to weaken the security of their products.
The US should ban the sale of small drones, according to Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt, who has warned that the technology could spread to private homes.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best in Europe for maths and reading - but have slipped in science, according to a global education league table.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters after a disappointing third round at Augusta which left Rory McIlroy five shots adrift.
The UK is considering whether to carry out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, amid growing calls for MPs to back military action against the group.
Two care workers who admitted neglecting an elderly woman who fell and broke her head at a Birmingham nursing home have been given a community order.
The number of babies born addicted to drugs in Yorkshire and the Humber has fallen by more than a third in the past four years, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Ant & Dec have apologised after a children's game called Saturday Night Takeaway was found to contain "mistakes" in its first production run.
Germany and the Netherlands are playing a friendly match in Berlin on Saturday, with security tight in the city ahead of the match.
Scientists have discovered why reindeer avoid power lines - known as "chains of flashing light" - by avoiding the flashes that appear when they are hit by them.
Imax, the world's biggest cinema chain, is planning to list its shares in Hong Kong.
A teenager who died in a crash with three friends on a night out had just passed his driving test and was not trying to overtake, an inquest has heard.
A £50,000 luxury car has been seized by police in London after being spotted by officers trying to stop a learner driver.
C Reds second-baseman Scooter Gennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game for the Reds when he hit four against the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.
The Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing in a bribery investigation.
Andy Murray made a winning return to action in his first match since giving birth to his daughter as Great Britain drew with Japan in the Davis Cup first round.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said he wants to see a more open and less fortified version of Mogadishu, as he visits the Somali capital for the first time.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca Ellison has died after a short battle with cancer, the footballer has confirmed.
A major search is under way for a missing teenager who has been missing for more than 24 hours off the coast of Devon.
A man accused of murdering a pensioner who crashed into his car and was then stabbed to death had been diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley after Saturday's 2-0 League One defeat by Scunthorpe United.
The final areas to apply for licences for a new local TV network in the UK have been announced by the regulator Ofcom.
An RAF pilot was airlifted to hospital after his jet crashed in the English Channel.
An Indian school textbook that claims that Eskimos are "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on a diet largely of meat has been found in a school library.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 19-year-old was killed when he was hit by a car at a petrol station.
Aberystwyth's Vale of Rheidol steam railway is one of the UK's oldest and most famous heritage railways - and its workshop is home to two of the youngest staff in the UK.
Russian athletes went to "great lengths" to avoid doping tests at national championships, including hiding urine in a container and running away from testers, a report says.
The BBC's political correspondent, Jonathan Head, looks at the political and economic implications of the UK's EU referendum.
A judge in Brazil has charged the former campaign manager of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption, in a corruption scandal that has engulfed the country.
Police around the world are asking the public for help in tracing nine suspected wildlife criminals who are wanted for their alleged involvement in illegal wildlife trade.
Asian shares fell sharply on Wednesday after a survey from China showed that the country's manufacturing sector continued to shrink in September, sending shares in Hong Kong and mainland China lower.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach on a two-year contract from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party to fight against "unacceptable" SNP cuts to local councils.
Three people have been rescued from the summit of the highest mountain in Scotland after getting stuck in snow on the Western Isles.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for the Chinese state-owned ChemChina to buy Swiss pesticides and seeds giant Syngenta.
A man has been arrested in Sweden after a man was stabbed to death in a Stockholm bar on Tuesday, and another was injured in a knife attack that left another man in hospital.
Sam Baldock's first-half header was enough to give Brighton victory over Wolves and move them up to third in the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Millwall defender David Pidgeley on a one-month loan deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" to become relevant again, according to the party's former donor Arron Banks, who has offered to become its chairman.
The summer transfer window closed at the end of August and the focus of Scottish football's transfer market was once again on the top flight.
Marta Guillermo, a 40-year-old mother of three, is used to having to work hard to get by.
A car has crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire, causing the building to collapse.
Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Jordan Davis on a permanent deal after he extended his loan spell at the League One club.
Britain's David Grabarz won his first World Championships medal since May 2014 with a silver in the men's heptathlon in London.
Celtic won the Scottish Cup for the fourth time in five years as Tom Rogic's late goal saw off Aberdeen at Hampden to complete a domestic treble.
Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Alex Kettings has joined League Two side Colchester United on a one-year deal.
Five men accused of being involved in the 9/11 attacks have appeared before a US military court for the first time since the attacks, in which Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others are accused.
Beyonce has been nominated for three Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist of all time.
Plans for a new £50m football stadium in Cornwall have been hailed as "exciting" by the prime minister, but Labour has accused him of " smoke and mirrors".
Wayne Rooney is set to accept a new contract at Manchester United and is in talks with the club about a move to Chelsea, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
A rare World War Two Spitfire, which was flown by author Alec Lumsden and later turned into a model, has failed to sell at auction.
Two major energy engineering firms have announced plans to create more than 1,700 jobs in Scotland, including 1,000 in offshore wind turbines.
Two hens have hatched chicks next to a giant live boar at a museum in Somerset.
The government's immigration cap has had a "perverse effect" on the NHS by making it harder to recruit nurses, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the wake of a rise in insurance premium tax, after reporting a rise of 1.5% in annual business to 1.1 million.
Footballers are known for their commitment to the game, but what are some of the other players who use their spare time to spend with their family, pets or hobbies?
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches to agree a fixed date for Easter celebrations.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Islamic State-held Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say, after the group's fighters were targeted in a series of raids on Thursday.
For years, the name of the car that started it all - Range Rovers - has been synonymous with the Land Rover.
Shrewsbury Town have signed midfielder Luke Caton on loan from Shrewsley until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has upheld a ban on President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries, despite a sharp rebuke from the president.
Plans to scrap plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers have been scrapped after a public consultation.
Kieran Lee's second-half equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a draw against Burnley at Hillsborough.
Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported a rise in third quarter pre-tax profits of 51.3% to £1.6bn, helped by a strong performance from its food and drink business.
Britain's Joachim Jung won Olympic gold in the eventing eventing on the second day of the Rio Games as he took the gold medal in the individual eventing with Fischertakinou.
Community groups in the UK are to be offered the chance to buy shares in renewable energy projects under a new government plan.
A man has been charged with shooting dead four cats in Surrey.
A council has said it has been told by the Duke of Cornwall's Duchy of Cornwall that a beach where a man died last year was "extremely dangerous" and called for repairs.
When you look at the foetuses of humpback whales, you can see how they are developing into the animals that we know today.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England, as it kept its key interest rate on hold for a third time this year.
China has reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's decision that it has no jurisdiction over the South China Sea, with state media and state media accusing the tribunal of "illegal and invalid" proceedings.
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years, while investors remained cautious after the Federal Reserve kept interest rates on hold.
David Warner's maiden Test century helped Australia draw the third Test against the West Indies after rain washed out the final day of the match.
Floodwaters from the swollen Danube river have forced the evacuation of a Bavarian town and forced the evacuations of hundreds of people from their homes.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being seriously assaulted in a street in Caernarfon, Gwynedd.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a large crowd of people were arrested at a "large-scale" street party in east London.
Nigeria's cricket team has been promoted to the top tier of the World Cricket League, but how is the game gaining popularity in the country?
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than expected, the Bank of England's chief economist has said, as global markets tumbled following the Ebola outbreak.
Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's biggest contract electronics maker, has reported a 15% rise in quarterly profits, helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads.
Henry V, the English king who famously visited Holywell in 1416 to thank a Welsh saint for his victory at Agincourt, walked the 600-mile (869km) route from Shrewsbury to the shrine where he was to be buried.
When Lewis Hamilton takes to the track at Interlagos this weekend, he will be the first driver to win a grand prix in Brazil since the country's first Formula 1 driver, Rubens Barrichello, in the 1970s.
A man has been cleared of raping a student who killed herself after being accused of the attack.
A chemical plant in south Wales is to close with the loss of about 200 jobs.
The location of King Arthur's mythical Camelot has been a long-standing mystery, with many experts believing it to be in south Wales.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring again after a goal drought of more than a month, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri.
The eurozone crisis has provided a golden opportunity for the government to engage in debate about Europe, but could it also provide a dangerous iceberg for the Conservatives?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising tax cuts for the wealthy but then cutting public spending to pay for them, saying "Gone are the days of compassionate conservatism".
A police officer was seriously injured when she was hit in the head by a brick during a disturbance involving a group of children.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in a thrilling final in Delhi.
UKIP AM Neil Gill has said he would give up his role as an MEP if asked by the party's new leader Paul Nuttall.
The residents of a street where Benefits Street was filmed have been given advice on how to defend themselves against unwanted advances from TV producers.
Prison officers in England and Wales have agreed a deal with the government after a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the Prison Officers' Association (POA) has said.
A man has appealed for the identity of a photographer who took a photograph of his wife in a garden at a National Trust site, which he believes would have been the last ever taken of her.
Ivory Coast has banned the sale of so-called whitening creams, saying they may cause health problems, in a move that could affect thousands of people across Africa.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit, with both parties accusing each other of "grandstanding" and "grandstand" after a breakdown in their alliance.
More than 1,300 Islamic State militants have been killed in UK air strikes against the group in Iraq and Syria since the start of 2015, the government has said.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into Norwich International Airport's website to see if he could gain access to the information it provides on its flight information.
A new railway station for Skelmersdale could be built on the site of two former colleges.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering and burying a man in an outhouse where his body was encased in concrete.
The first thing that struck Ukraine's hospitals and businesses when the country's IT system was hit by a cyber-attack last month was the loss of the ability to carry out basic medical procedures.
Wasps moved to within three points of Premiership leaders Saracens with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at the Ricoh Arena.
A bus has crashed into a tree in Edinburgh, injuring four people.
Indian businessman Shrien Dewani has returned to the UK after his murder trial in South Africa was thrown out.
The company behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire has said it will spend up to Â£50m on the project, with up to half of that money to be spent in the county.
The attorney-general of Mexico has been sacked after his daughter tried to shut down a restaurant in a row over a table, President Enrique Pena Nieto has announced.
The UK is to offer to help the Burmese government find and restore two missing Spitfire fighter planes, which were buried in the country during World War Two.
Two people have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons after getting into difficulty on the summit of the Snowdonia Mountain.
The government has temporarily suspended a controversial system which allows asylum seekers to be detained while they wait for their hearings.
The big question is whether the UK's devolved nations will be better off as a result of the constitutional changes that are being proposed by David Cameron.
A man who escaped from police custody in India has been named by police as a suspect in a murder case in Cardiff.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a car park in Essex have been released on bail.
Fife-based office refurbishment firm Havelock Europa is to spend £1m on a new marketing campaign aimed at attracting new clients.
It was a tough time for BrewDog, the UK's biggest craft beer company, when it first entered a Tesco competition.
Sterling has fallen back from early gains as markets remain nervous ahead of the EU referendum, with the pound down more than 1% against the dollar and the euro.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for plotting to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British man killed fighting against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony in the Kurdish-controlled north of the country.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of phone records is unlawful.
West Bromwich Albion defender Martin Lindegaard has signed a new two-year contract with the Premier League club after agreeing a one-year deal with Championship side Preston North End.
Two dogs seized by police and kept in kennels without human contact have been shown in a video released by the BBC.
Labour will "betray" its people if it does not win the general election and is seen as "stamping its feet" in opposition, Chuka Umunna has told the BBC.
A man from Gwynedd died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the Mediterranean, an inquest has heard.
Iraq has sentenced to death 36 men to death for their part in the killing of more than 100 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Tikrit in 2014.
A Surrey-based surf forecasting firm has been bought by online retailer Surfstitch in a deal worth £1.5m.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after a rain-hit second round that was delayed by bad weather.
Colchester United moved into the League One play-off places as goals from Joe Ambrose and George Moncur earned a win over Bradford City.
A team of archaeologists have been working to recreate Neolithic buildings that were built 4,500 years ago in the Cotswolds.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in Washington DC and in Berkeley, California, calling for US President Donald Trump to release his tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexican Andres Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title on 26 December, the organisation has confirmed.
Mae dyn wedi dweud wedi gwobr i'r gyda'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd sydd yn ôl i'w ôm i'u gyd!
Dylan Hartley's ban for the red card he received at the World Cup for biting a referee during England's defeat by Fiji in the Six Nations does not prevent him being named captain of the national side, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student who was held in North Korea for 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma for almost all of that time.
"The greatest fight in the world is coming to Las Vegas" is a song by the band Muse.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US border patrol agent who was shot dead in 2010 in a gun-running sting operation.
The White House has condemned a series of threats made to Jewish community centres in the US, after at least 11 centres in 10 states received hoax bomb threats on Monday.
England's victory over Wales was a stunning victory, a stunning performance, a thrilling victory, and a match that will leave many wondering whether the team are still good enough to win the Six Nations.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced it is to open up its technology for use in cars to the public, in a move that could see it become the world's biggest supplier of driverless car technology.
Rail passengers are being warned of widespread disruption as a national strike by Network Rail workers is set to hit services in the UK.
Police in India's West Bengal state have arrested a man suspected of being the ringleader of a gang which raped a nun in a convent in March.
Texas lawmakers have introduced a resolution to ban the use of the Chilean flag as an emoji for the state flag, after a mix-up between the two symbols.
The Premier League has agreed a new US rights deal for the next three seasons, which will see the competition's domestic TV rights extended to 2021-22.
A road in Stafford is to be closed for the second time as part of a £1.5m project to replace water pipes in the town.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara after a Russian military plane violated its airspace for the second time in less than a month.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Alan Jones says his side are "getting there" in their bid to reach the Premiership's top six for the first time in four years.
Peterborough United defender Michael Doughty has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Belgian cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned for six months for using a bike with a hidden motor in a race.
Conor McGregor is a man who likes to sleep in and work out.
England have dropped fly-half George Ford from their starting XV for Saturday's Test against Australia after he missed a penalty in the defeat by Wales.
A Stranraer schoolgirl has launched a campaign to ensure a life-extending drug for a rare genetic condition is made available on the NHS.
Lichfield Ladies have said they will "work closely" with the Rugby Football Union to ensure they are included in the new Women's Super Rugby competition, which starts in 2017.
The Football Association's England Under-21s boss John Ashworth says he stands by the decision not to call up some of the country's best players for Euro 2016.
Donald Trump's victory in the US election has been greeted with a mixture of relief and optimism over the economy, with his team saying that he will be a strong leader on trade.
A police officer has described helping to deliver a baby girl as "one of the most rewarding" moments of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill is "very positive" Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club next season despite reports of a £1.6m offer from a Premiership club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang raped by a group of men in south London has been jailed for four years.
A man who raped and sexually abused two teenage girls has been jailed for a total of 16 years.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in the Stirling area of Glasgow.
Flash flooding has caused disruption to roads and homes in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain caused by Storm Desmond.
A human rights group has said it is impossible for 43 students who went missing in Mexico last September to have been burned to death by a gang.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia as part of a UK military commitment to UN peacekeeping missions, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A five-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle blew away during a football match has undergone surgery.
US striker Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football after the US women's World Cup-winning side's tour of China in December.
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding, according to a study of more than 200,000 women in developing countries.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African lock Tom Kebble from Pro12 side the Stormers.
Widnes Vikings head coach Darren Betts says his side's poor form is not as bad as it appears, despite their recent poor run of form.
Prince Andrew has been "categorically denied" any suggestion of sexual contact with a woman under the age of 18, Buckingham Palace has said.
Krystian Pearce's header rescued a point for Mansfield Town as they drew with York City in the National League.
Two men and a woman have been arrested after a man was found with serious head injuries following an assault in Brighton.
A man who forced a woman to have sex with a stranger and sent a sexually explicit video to her sister has been given a six-month jail sentence.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed striker Jordan Rhodes from Middlesbrough on loan until the end of the season.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived at a school in Sussex which was destroyed in a fire last month.
Wales wing George North should return to Wales to play for the regions, says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Gareth Davies.
Petra Kvitova reached her first WTA final of the year with a straight-set victory over world number two Simona Halep at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men in a suspected arson attack on his home in County Londonderry.
Work has begun on a major revamp of a Denbighshire leisure centre which was closed after it was taken over by a private company.
More than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated by West Yorkshire Police, with more than 200 suspects under investigation, figures show.
US authorities have charged a man with murder after 32 people were found dead and dozens more injured in a hot truck in a car park on Saturday.
The BodyPositive campaign is a campaign to promote healthy bodies for young women, and to help those who are struggling with anorexia.
A collection of items from the first generation of the Windrush generation has gone on display ahead of Nottingham's Carnival.
The BBC could be forced to move popular programmes such as Strictly Come Dancing from peak-time slots under government plans to "manipulate" its scheduling, the BBC has said.
A council is to investigate after a disabled woman was told to walk to a concert because she was too short to get a taxi.
The European Space Agency (Esa) says its comet lander Philae has made contact with Earth for the first time since it lost power seven months ago.
A police officer who was called to a Glasgow pub and ended up singing the Bee Gees' 'I Want to Hold Your Hand' on the karaoke stage has been praised for his "hilarious" performance.
South Africa's Marlon Viljoen took five wickets to help his side beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Bristol.
The DUP leader has said she hopes the government will take action to end the crisis at Stormont, but has not ruled out a "unilateral" move if it does not.
Northamptonshire seamer James Buck took 4-44 as Durham were bowled out for just 107 on day one of their County Championship game at Northampton.
Police have said they are continuing to search the garden of a woman who has been missing for more than a month.
A charity that helps people with facial injuries has criticised a new conference call company for showing people in masks in adverts.
Gary Madine scored his first goal in more than two months as Bolton reached the League One play-off final with victory over Sheffield United.
French mosques are opening their doors to the public to allow Muslims to meet each other in a bid to counter the "cliches" about links between Islam and terrorism.
UK and Scottish fishermen have been given an extra 5,000 tonnes of fish to catch in 2015 after the European Union and Norway agreed a deal on North Sea quotas.
A pilot who crashed his light aircraft into a field in Birmingham has been found safe and well after walking to a pub for a drink.
For more than a century and a half, the Swansea Canal was the lifeline of the city, carrying hundreds of thousands of passengers and cargo every day from the docks to the docks and beyond.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to return to full training on Tuesday as Ireland prepare for Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland.
Private landlords in England will be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants under plans to be announced later.
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and Justice Minister Michael Teeven have resigned after they were accused of misleading the public over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Forfar Athletic moved back to the top of Scottish League Two as Scott Swankie's late strike saw off Cowdenbeath 2-1 at the Racecourse Ground.
Plans for a 1,000-home development in Carrbridge in Aviemore National Park have been refused by Highland Council.
A norovirus outbreak has been reported at a Cardiff hospital.
The Red Guards are back... the phrase is a familiar one and it is a haunting reminder of the Maoist era when the Chinese Communist Party used to be accused of being the "enemies of the people".
For decades, crocodile farmers in Australia have been gathering wild eggs from the animals' nests in remote areas to sell to the global fashion industry.
The gritters used to clear roads in Gloucestershire have been taken out of service for the first time in more than a year.
Meet Ricky, the man who's been on a journey to meet the robots of the future.
A former friend of the couple who murdered Liam Fee has said she is "shocked" that they will be released from prison after serving more than four years.
Plans for a £100m power-generating plant at a Norfolk paper mill have been submitted to the government.
French authorities have begun clearing the last of the migrant camp in Calais, where thousands of people have been living in tents since January.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he is "hopeful" Israeli forces could begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days, following talks with Israeli ministers.
Police used a "precautionary search" order to stop people in Colchester after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans to merge or create eight Welsh councils have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $78.7bn (£53.4bn) in cash and stock in a deal that would create the country's biggest cable company.
A man who was sexually abused as a child at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's inquiry into child abuse.
Poland has banned a Russian biker group, dubbed the "Kremlin's Hells Angels", from entering the country, amid a row over its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as Test captain after the second Test against England, which ended in a draw.
Australia's economy grew 0.5% in the three months to December, beating expectations, but the country's growth rate was still well below the rate seen in the first quarter of the year.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's favourite birds of prey and is a familiar sight on the UK bird-of- prey list.
Force India driver Sergio Perez has decided to stay with the team for 2017, ending speculation about his future.
A London mother has been told by a council that it will not be able to enforce a school attendance order on her son, who is being educated at home.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson carded a six-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Swedish Open after two rounds.
A campaign is under way to set up a clinic in Wales to provide medical and psychological help for survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM).
A new class of plastic that can be recycled has been discovered by researchers at IBM in the US.
The UK is not doing enough to help small technology start-ups to succeed, according to the UK's former chief technology officer, Paul Woodford.
The first new gin distillery in the Scottish Borders in nearly 200 years has opened its doors.
A fire that destroyed a Nottingham cigarette factory that was the birthplace of the John Player brand has left its mark on the city's architectural landscape.
For decades men have enjoyed a significant advantage over women in life expectancy - and many believe this gap has been widening ever since the smoking epidemic of the 1920s and 30s.
A Michigan man has been charged with hazing a student who was allegedly forced to eat peanut butter as part of a initiation ritual.
Norway has rejected a proposal to give Finland a mountain in the north of the country to mark its independence from Russia, because it would have meant losing territory.
The Scottish economy is set to grow at its slowest rate in four years, according to a new report, as the impact of the low oil price continues to bite.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife convinced him to take up the post after he was asked by President Donald Trump to be his secretary of state.
A football club has appealed for help to trace a bride-to-be who posed for a photo with a team of players after their coach was stuck in a traffic jam following the collapse of a bridge.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences after being arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion that he was travelling to Syria to carry out an act of terrorism.
A campaign to raise money for sculptures to commemorate the soldiers of the Devonshire, Dorset and Somerset regiments has reached its target.
In a speech last week, Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader in Myanmar, said that the pace of political reform in the country had slowed down.
A man who tried to rob a shop with a knife and a hammer could be seen in CCTV footage of the incident because of his distinctive hair, a court has heard.
The National Police Chiefs' Association (NBPA) has said it is "very concerned" about the way police in England and Wales deal with complaints about race.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins found in County Down has been declared treasure at an inquest in Banbridge.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being pulled from the sea in Northumberland in "very rough seas" during a night out on a Northumberlands beach.
A British man is to be charged with causing the death of his girlfriend in a scooter crash in Thailand.
A woman who posed as a woman to dupe a poker player into giving her money and then killed him in an "act of brutality" has been jailed for 10 years.
The Treasury is not a happy place..
Manchester United have named England defender Ashley Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has become the latest member of the Scottish Parliament to step down as an MSP, as Holyrood's final session ended with a emotional farewell address.
Three US hospitals have been hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted their computer systems and demanded a $1m (£800,000) ransom to unlock them.
We're BodyPositive and we want you to join us.
Sepp Blatter should leave the presidency of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said, calling the corruption allegations against the Swiss official "the ugly side of the beautiful game".
A restaurant owner in Spain has said he is trying to trace a group of 20 people who left a restaurant in the south-eastern city of Ibiza in a "stampede" after drinking more than 30 bottles of wine.
A rise in livestock worrying incidents has been attributed to a campaign encouraging farmers to report the crime to police.
Force India have confirmed French teenager Esteban Ocon will join them for the 2017 season.
A care home for older people in Bristol has been told to improve standards after inspectors found residents were being treated like "objects".
If you're out walking your dog, you might have heard that dogs are good at following directions.
Three men have been found guilty of murdering a rival gang member in a "revenge attack" in a turf war.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been banned for three games after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association.
National League side Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City scored four goals in the space of five second-half minutes to thrash Cardiff City and move to the top of the Championship.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as Middlesex took control against Hampshire on day two at Lord's.
A mother whose son has a cow's milk allergy has said she will have to buy specialist formula online for him to feed as the NHS is planning to stop giving it to babies in south London.
The sight of smudges on a touchscreen gadget is a familiar sight, but they can be a source of fear.
A woman who is searching for a stem cell donor to save her life has had an "incredible" response to her appeal, a charity has said.
An Australian toddler who was born with part of a twin has undergone pioneering surgery to remove and reconstruct a leg from her pelvis.
A man has been charged with murder after a man died following a stabbing in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a retirement home in Fife.
Midfielder Chris Long has signed a new one-year contract with National League side Grimsby Town.
The crowds at Aintree are usually dressed in their finest finery, the music is loud and the atmosphere is festive.
A woman who died after being refused admission to a specialist neurosurgery unit at Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital was "likely to have survived" if she had been admitted to the hospital's intensive care unit, an inquest has found.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Former England batsman and England captain Michael Vaughan has been named as the ICC's man of the match for the World Cup.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Michael van Gerwen beat defending champion Mark Wright 7-5 in the final of the PDC World Darts Championship in Sheffield to win his first title.
The political parties in Northern Ireland are in a state of flux over the issue of whether or not to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union in the forthcoming referendum.
Scotland defender Chris Greer is open to a return to the Championship but is unsure if he will feature in the national team again.
The UK's defence budget is one of the most important issues in the election campaign, and one of those where the public is most likely to be asked about it.
Lord Avebury, a former MP and Liberal peer who was known as the "Liberal Democrat Black Rod", has died aged 83.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen by more than 20% in the past year, according to new figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly" and "inappropriate" in the EU referendum campaign, Lord Heseltine has said, warning that he could lose his job as a Conservative leader if he continues to make "preposterous" remarks.
Police have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault in a Glasgow nightclub.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire, with the prime minister refusing to join a group calling for the closures to be halted.
Crystal Palace moved into the top four of the Premier League with a hard-fought victory over Everton at Goodison Park.
Teachers received more than £16m in compensation last year for injuries caused by work-related accidents, including a £185,000 payout to a teacher who was knocked to the ground by pupils, figures from a teaching union show.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is the long-awaited trade deal between the US and the European Union.
Bristol head coach Karl Robinson says the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach has "kicked" the club.
German exports and factory production fell in November, adding to a raft of disappointing economic data that has cast further doubt on the country's economic recovery.
A Red Cross volunteer who was on duty at the Shoreham air disaster, where a vintage jet crashed into a crowd, killing 11 people, has been awarded an MBE.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should be "stronger" in its efforts to tackle corporate governance failings, the former chairman of the Cadbury code, Lord Myners, has said.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by TV illusionist Uri Geller in Shropshire.
Vladimir Putin and Marine Le Pen met in Moscow in March 2017, and in their meeting, the Russian president gave the French far-right leader a clear indication that he wanted to help her win the presidential election.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships in Wales if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it will strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels after the UK leaves the European Union.
A man who boasted about raping a baby and sexually abusing children on social media has been jailed.
A police officer has been disciplined for wrongly arresting a man after he was found in his garden with a gun in his back garden.
Serena Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their fourth WTA title in a row with victory at the Australian Open.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were not good enough to win the World Cup despite suffering a sixth injury blow in their 19-16 defeat by South Africa in Cardiff.
Gatwick Airport has promised to take on the main risks of a new runway at its proposed new airport in south-east England and to ensure it will be privately funded.
Carlisle United have signed Portuguese international Pedro on a one-year deal after he impressed during pre-season.
Boris Johnson has been a politician for more than a decade, from the top of the Conservative Party to the backbenches, from London mayor to MP to foreign secretary.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British tourist jailed in Malaysia for stripping off in public at a popular tourist destination has left the country.
Ethiopia is a country that has seen a dramatic change in fortunes since the end of the civil war in the early 1990s.
In a small room in the Turkish town of Suruc, a group of women sit in a circle, crying.
A second break-in at the Bomber Command Centre has been carried out in less than a month, the centre's director has said.
Northampton Town have been placed into administration.
Two Hong Kong-listed shares have seen their value fall sharply after being suspended from trade for the second time in a week.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench in the wake of his reshuffle, the party has confirmed.
The news that the Premier League has frozen or reduced the price of 70% of season tickets for the 2016-17 season has been welcomed by many fans.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined $1,000 (£890) for taking selfies with a lion and his wife, after photos of the pair were posted on social media.
A man charged with the attempted murder of two schoolboys has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US television has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to a new report.
The Liberal Democrats and Conservatives have clashed over the amount of money being spent on free schools in England, with the Lib Dems accusing Education Secretary Michael Gove of "raiding" money from the Basic Need Budget.
The candidates for the Tower Hamlets mayoral election have been announced.
The Copper Box was the place where the world's best athletes gathered to watch the Olympics, to watch their team compete and to watch Britain's best players compete.
Leigh Centurions back-rower Ryan Chase says he is in the best shape he has ever been, after signing for fellow Super League side Hull FC.
Great Britain's Wayne Rooney says he would love to receive his Beijing 2008 Olympic gold medal at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in August.
Scientists have discovered a gene that may explain why some people are more likely to enjoy coffee than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been invited to become king, after he delayed taking the throne for months.
Ian Wilson has said he will not be standing for the DUP leadership.
BBC presenter Jade Jones hopes her Welsh-born son will be able to pass on her Welsh heritage when she returns to Cardiff for the Champions League final.
A Catholic bishop in the Church of Ireland has said he supports same-sex marriage and has said the church is "not up to pace" with society.
A man's body has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to export a coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan to help it build a plant in the country.
The Ghostbusters could be the start of a whole new series of films, TV shows and merchandise.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned of delays and cancellations due to improvements to services between south and north Wales.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Catalonia to demand independence for the region, which has long sought independence from Spain.
Prince Harry has shared a photo of himself with a Christmas hat on his head during a visit to a children's home in Africa.
Singapore has banned the use of app-based taxi booking services such as Uber and GrabTaxi in a move that will also ban pre-trip tipping.
Chris Woakes will replace injured James Anderson as England's pace bowler for the first Test against South Africa in Johannesburg on Thursday.
A police dog who was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt while on duty in Birmingham has been back on the streets of the city after a remarkable recovery.
A man and a woman have died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after they allegedly shot dead two people at a protest camp in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where demonstrators have been camping out since a black man was killed by police.
The prime minister of Lesotho has said he will not return to the country after the army staged a coup, accusing the armed forces of removing him from power.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been targeted in a break-in at his Cardiff home, which he claims is part of a "campaign of political harassment".
Campaigners fighting the building of electricity pylons in the Lake District have begun a walk through the National Park to highlight the impact they say they would have on the landscape.
On the morning of 7 July 1995, North Vietnamese soldiers in the South Vietnamese army were sent to the front line to fight against the US in the Vietnam War, using tanks and other vehicles to fight the US-backed South Vietnamese forces.
A curfew in the US city of Baltimore has been lifted after the mayor said it was "not necessary" to keep it in place for a second day.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen midfielder Lee Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest moved up to third in the Championship with a win over Birmingham City, who suffered a serious injury to midfielder Martin Bendtner.
Lancashire's Alviro Petersen hit his 41st first-class century to put his side in a strong position on day one of their Championship match against Warwickshire at Lord's.
(Close): US stocks were little changed on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes holding steady after the release of emails showing Donald Trump's campaign team discussed using a private email server to release hacked emails.
David Cameron has said he is "deeply, considered, steadfast" in his belief that leaving the EU would be a "big mistake" for the UK.
Lord Coe's CV as president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has been described as "the most impressive in athletics history".
York City have signed Forest Green Rovers midfielder Kadeem Kamdjo on a one-year deal after he was released by Bristol Rovers.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has had his contract terminated by the club after being banned by Fifa for six months.
A neighbour of a newspaper editor who was attacked with acid has told a court that he tried to wash the acid off his face before ambulance staff arrived.
Vauxhall has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate a problem with one of its Zafira models, after a number of cars burst into flames.
The US presidential election is about to get more complicated, with the battle for the Republican and Democratic nominations entering its final stages.
A lightsaber-wielding Jedi Knight is taking to the streets of Cheltenham in a new sport inspired by the Star Wars franchise.
A man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a car in Dorset.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil and gas drilling in the Arctic in the Chukchi Sea, the first such venture in the region in more than a decade.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room in January.
South African Paralympic champion athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after the fatal shooting of his girlfriend at his home in the capital, Pretoria.
Turkey is blocking access to the Tor network, a popular way of hiding online activity, a monitoring group has said.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Fazio has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Japan has a long history of sporting success, and has been a major player in world sport for decades.
Islamic State (IS) militants have reportedly seized more territory near the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, one of the world's most important ancient sites.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over after it was discovered it had been misspelled as "Co-op".
Former Bath coach Bruce Guscott is looking forward to the chance to put his old club on the back foot when they face Leicester Tigers at The Rec on Saturday.
A council's controversial scheme to charge staff parking charges in Nottingham has been criticised by motoring organisations and motoring groups.
Former Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren says he "compromised too much" during his time in charge of the club and hopes Rafael Benitez will be given greater control under new boss Rafael Benitesz.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is proud of his decision to stay at the club and play in the Scottish Cup final, despite being available for England's Under-21 squad.
A university building in Ceredigion could be turned into a "world-class" postgraduate centre.
Voters will be required to show a photo ID at the polls under plans to tackle electoral fraud, the government has announced.
Nottinghamshire's Sean Mullaney hit a century as they reached 308-5 on day one of their One-Day Cup match against Surrey at The Oval.
A man who died at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland after being paralysed from the neck down has been described as "overwhelmingly" in his family as he "ended his life with dignity and control".
A petition calling for a ban on horses being driven on the roads in Wales has been handed in to the assembly.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has won the prestigious Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
Deaf and partially sighted students are concerned they will lose out on specialist support under government plans to cut funding for disabled students.
A writer has been forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after being asked to remove "censored" place names from a stall.
Ireland will not put extra protection on Conor Murray against Glasgow Warriors, says Munster flanker CJ Stander.
A large study of weight loss after breast cancer diagnosis is to be carried out by the US National Cancer Institute, the first of its kind in the world.
Germany reached the Confederations Cup final for the first time since 2005 as Leon Goretzka scored twice in a comfortable semi-final win over Mexico.
Eddie Izzard has completed his 27-marathon challenge in South Africa, completing the race in 27 hours, 30 minutes and 40 seconds.
Norwich City boss Alex Neil says his side's performance in the 1-0 win over Ipswich Town was "much better" than the scoreline would suggest.
Crotone secured their Serie A survival with a dramatic win over Lazio, despite having Bastos sent off in the final minute, as they beat the 10-man Italians 3-1.
Hugh Grant is to star in Guy Ritchie's film version of The Man From U.N.C.L.E, the BBC's long-running TV series, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of 2015, the slowest growth rate since the global financial crisis, according to official figures.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in energy and manufacturing companies, as investors digested a series of executive actions from the Trump administration.
In the run-up to World War Two, Nicholas Winton was one of the most important British men in the effort to rescue Jewish children from Nazi-occupied countries.
The number of prisoners escaping from prisons in England and Wales rose by more than 20% in the past year to 1,000 - the highest number since records began.
A £5 coin to be struck in honour of Prince George has been unveiled by the Royal Mint.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead for the first time in more than 80 years.
The mother of a man found dead in a Dublin flat has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A as they continued their bid for a third successive domestic and Champions League treble with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title with a comfortable win over Barnsley, who finished second in the table.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man died following a stabbing at a shop in Wolverhampton.
When I was a schoolboy I used to give a speech at a school debating competition in the West Yorkshire town of Wakefield calling for Yorkshire to be independent.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes in Edinburgh.
Britain's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline final, the first British woman to win a medal in the event at an Olympics.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester City beat Liverpool to go six points clear at the top of the Premier League and move within three points of leaders Manchester City.
A campaign is being launched to help preserve the history of medieval symbols found in buildings across England to ward off witches and other evil spirits.
The tall chimney at Didcot Power Station has fallen down, prompting speculation the site's tallest building has been damaged.
A new cross-Solent ferry service could be launched on the Isle of Wight in July, according to travel firm Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey has fallen by more than 50% compared to last year, with the worst year for the number of visits since 1987.
The man who ran Titanic Belfast has said Northern Ireland needs to improve the way it attracts visitors to the site.
A man who went missing from a mental health unit in Sussex after killing his friend has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire after leading the force through one of the largest manhunt in the country's history.
Barnet moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win at Hartlepool, who slipped to second place in the table.
Sunderland defender Christian Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in Saturday's 1-0 defeat at home to West Brom.
Austria striker Mario Goetze has been ruled out of Saturday's friendly against Slovenia in Austria because of a hamstring injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is the only way the club can qualify for the Europa League.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with its engine.
A sculpture of ceramic poppies at a Leeds park has seen a 170% rise in visitor numbers since it was unveiled last year.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first German footballer to come out as gay, saying he is "courageous" and "right" to do so.
The PSNI has said it is to review all deaths linked to a paramilitary unit that was disbanded in 1973 after a BBC investigation found no evidence of criminality by men featured in the programme.
A dispersal order has been issued in a town on Anglesey after a series of anti-social behaviour incidents.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for assaulting his girlfriend after breaking into her flat and threatening to kill her.
US-American Christian missionary Kenneth Bae has been returned to a North Korean labour camp, the US state department has confirmed.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire are being put up for sale for around £12m.
South Africa are to begin a search for a new head coach for the 2017 tour of England, with current boss Ottis Domingo set to leave the team.
The TalkTalk hack has exposed a raft of security flaws in the systems used by UK ISPs, a security expert has told the BBC.
Online gambling firms could face fines of up to £1m after the UK's competition watchdog said it was investigating "likely" practices by some of the industry's biggest firms.
A coroner has opened an inquest into the death of a former reality TV star who was found dead at his home in Suffolk.
Northern Ireland's performance in their Euro 2016 opener was disappointing but I think we can take some positives from the 1-0 defeat by Poland.
Electrical stimulation of the brain may improve maths skills, according to researchers at Cardiff University.
A cyclist who was killed when he was hit by a car after being pursued by police has been named by police.
The US government has been criticised for leaking documents that revealed details of its Prism surveillance programme, which allows the US government to monitor phone records and other data from major technology companies.
Rory McIlroy says he is unlikely to play at the Honda Classic in Florida because of a stomach bug.
Warwickshire and England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of the Bears after less than a year in charge.
A French policewoman has accused Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of ordering a cover-up over the Nice attack, saying she was "harassed" by the interior minister.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "very, very surprised" by his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix as he finished fourth and lost the championship lead to Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas.
Kizza Besigye is a former doctor who rose to prominence in Uganda's 1980s bush war as a close ally of President Yoweri Museveni, and has been a fierce critic of the president since then.
A Cardiff man has said he is worried his family and pets could be bitten by a colony of Tube spiders that have taken up residence in his garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £9.5m for the year to the end of March, up from £6.3m in the same period last year.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a street in Belfast.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for making "sexist" remarks about women in science, saying he "didn't mean to be honest".
The number of people in England needing help with social care has fallen by almost a third in the past year, figures show.
A Bolivian air traffic control officer has accused her superiors of pressuring her to change a report on a plane that crashed in November, killing most of a Brazilian football team.
A court in China has sentenced four members of a banned religious cult to death for the murder of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry has said she's "disappointed" by the ongoing feud between her and Taylor Swift.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield have parted company with director of football Steve Turner after less than two years in the role.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit into the way £1.3m was spent on public sector cards used by civil servants in 2014/15.
A new film and television studio in Aberdeen is set to be built after the Scottish government pledged £2m towards the cost.
Prue Leith is to step down as a judge on BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 series.
Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda to secure their place in the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals and deny the Cranes a first win in Group D.
Dog owners in Oxford could face tougher rules to tackle the problem of dog mess in the city.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the Zimbabwean political landscape ahead of next month's elections.
The former Stafford University courthouse in Stafford is to be turned into a student centre.
A US military command has warned that further incidents of tsunami-related damage in Greenland could happen again.
A man has died after a car and a lorry crashed on the A1(M) near the A55 in Londonderry.
Theresa May will meet Donald Trump on 20 January, the White House has confirmed, as the US president said the PM would be visiting the US "very shortly".
The FBI was asked to change the classification of a classified email by a US official during the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server, newly released documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world to travel on public transport, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says he is keen to add more players to his squad, despite two defeats in their opening two games of the season.
Steam, the world's biggest digital games retailer, is to sell video content from film and TV studios, including the Mad Max and Star Wars franchises, in a deal with Lionsgate.
Mexican police have arrested three more people suspected of helping drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman escape from prison earlier this month.
A new £10m school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open in October, Highland Council has said.
The Chancellor Philip Hammond has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by some small businesses.
The head of Ofsted has questioned the government's plans to make GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils in England, saying some pupils would be better suited to studying vocational subjects.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier base at Rosyth in Scotland is to be named Portsmouth Naval Base.
Police have said a man who has been missing for more than two weeks has been spotted in London.
Fishermen are being asked to help conserve a rare shark off the coast of Wales by helping to monitor its population.
A volcano in Hawaii in the US state of Hawaii has been spewing lava out of its roof and into the air.
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have won the latest round in a legal battle over an injunction against the Irish broadcaster over a planned broadcast about the Irish media mogul's finances.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been suspended by cycling's governing body, the UCI, for two months over "ongoing concerns" over his performance-enhancing drug use.
A US man who was kidnapped in Syria and held for more than three years has been released, the US State Department says.
The Army and MI5 played "key roles" in the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane, a review into his killing has found.
Former Hearts and Rangers striker John Wishart says the number of people charged with gambling offences in Scotland is "not helping the image of the game".
The white police officer accused of killing a black teenager in Chicago in 2014 has pleaded not guilty to 16 charges of murder.
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions for the first time in its 25-year history, the company that owns the title has confirmed.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has ended his interest in signing Gillingham midfielder Luke Byrne after the League Two club dropped their pursuit of the 25-year-old.
The Bank of England has announced that the new plastic fiver will be introduced in the UK on 1 July.
A man who survived six days in the Australian desert by eating ants has told of his desperate attempts to survive on the brink of death.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side were not ready to fight for the Premier League title in their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool, and warned they could be in trouble if they do not improve their away form.
Syrian government forces have recaptured a district of the city of Homs, state media say, after a week of fierce fighting with rebels.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was racially abused at Heathrow Airport on Monday night, the BBC understands.
Protesters in the breakaway region of Abkhazia have taken over the capital, Sukhumi, after the president of the de facto government fled the country.
An Indian woman has thanked the railway ministry for helping a family in need by tweeting about it on Twitter.
A Kasabian video for their new single has been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a song and accompanying music video, which features celebrities pretending to be psychiatric inpatients.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Leicester have all denied allegations made in the Sunday Times that they used the services of a doctor accused of doping, while Birmingham City have said they have no record of doing so.
A campaign for a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff has been told it will not hit its target for signatures on a petition to be submitted to the Welsh Government.
A Hampshire town has said it is "relieved" two of its naval sites are to be sold off, but will fight plans to close two more.
The Nigerian military says most of the schoolgirls abducted from a boarding school in the north-eastern town of Chibok on Tuesday have escaped from their captors.
A large-scale illegal cigarette factory has been raided in Birmingham.
Surrey Police's handling of serious crime is "not good enough", the police watchdog has said, following criticism of the way it investigates serious crimes.
The BBC has confirmed it will shut down its global edition of the iPlayer app on 26 June, six years after it was first launched.
A Victorian "reception house" used to hold the dead before funerals has been given listed status.
A cartoon contest has been held in Iran to draw attention to the similarities between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler, with the winner's artwork depicting the US president as a Nazi.
Bernie Sanders has been the top trending topic on social media in the US over the past 24 hours, but his supporters are hoping that his popularity on social sites will help him win over younger voters.
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion to reach the second round of the FA Cup after a dramatic finish to their League One play-off semi-final.
League Two side Cambridge United have signed defender Michael Keane on a one-month loan deal from Oxford United.
A woman has been left "very upset" after a raid on her home in the Highlands in which a number of war medals and antiques were stolen.
Politicians and religious figures have been reacting to the fatal tram crash in Glasgow city centre.
England beat New Zealand 24-10 to win the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in Georgia and secure a place in the World Cup quarter-finals.
A lorry has overturned on the M1, causing traffic to be diverted around the northbound carriageway after it hit a tree and overturned.
Zacabia Abramovic has opened her latest exhibition at the Serpentine Gallery in London, where she has invited the public to spend a day in silence in a performance that will last for 10 weeks.
The Irish foreign minister has said he has detected a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to engage constructively in talks to restore power-sharing.
A Scottish engineering firm has secured £10m of funding to create up to 200 new jobs in the Highlands.
An 82-year-old woman found dead in her Fife home was murdered in a "brutal" attack, police have said.
Firefighters in Chile are battling more than 100 wildfires, with more than 1,000 people now confirmed dead and thousands more missing.
The US has condemned Israel's decision to approve the construction of a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, calling it a "dangerous step towards cementing a reality of perpetual occupation".
A judge has ruled that a couple arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences should be allowed to return home to their children, a year after they were taken into care.
A statue has been unveiled in a park in Black Country to mark the centenary of the first women's strike by the women's chainmakers.
More than 600 Kenyan youth who returned to the country from Somalia in the last five years have joined militant groups, according to a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
A woman in her 20s has died following a crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have resumed industrial action on Wednesday, with the first day of a three-day strike that began on Monday.
Two boys aged 13 and 14 have been arrested after police received information about images of children being sexually abused on social media.
A teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier who killed four of his comrades in a revenge attack for bullying has been sentenced to death for the killings, the military has said.
Toyota is to invest £100m to upgrade its UK plant, creating about 200 jobs, as it continues to invest in the UK despite uncertainty over Brexit.
More public money is needed to improve the quality of football pitches and facilities in Wales, a leading football figure has said.
South Africa's opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party has announced that its leader is to step down from the party's leadership.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand over his British middleweight title to former world champion Ryan Blackwell as a "goodwill gesture" after the boxer's trainer said he was "shocked" by the former champion's criticism of his treatment of the fighter.
A family in the US state of Alaska was left in tears when they were told their son had been killed in a car crash, only to find out he had been shot dead by a police officer.
League One side Notts County have signed QPR midfielder Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
The Scottish Parliament has no power to set up a foreign affairs department and cannot exercise its foreign affairs prerogative in the same way as the UK government, the Supreme Court has heard.
A man has been arrested by police investigating the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
The family of murdered republican James Donaldson have said claims that the killing was sanctioned by Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams are "absolute nonsense".
A plaque has been unveiled to honour a British World War Two medic who was sent to the Nazi death camp at Bergen-Belsen to treat the sick and starving.
A pipe bomb has been found in a car park in the west end of Glasgow.
Nico Rosberg headed a Red Bull one-two in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton suffered a disappointing day at the home of Formula 1.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been told to increase the height of its gates after an intruder broke into its play area.
Home improvement retailer Kingfisher is to sell its B&Q business in China to Wumei Holdings, the owner of the Wumeu supermarket chain.
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a landmark trade deal after talks to save it broke down.
Survivors of the Aberfan disaster have been speaking for the first time at a conference in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Last Samuri will carry 11st 10lb when he attempts to win the Grand National for the second year in a row when the race is run on Saturday.
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie has announced his first professional fight since retiring from football.
A rare bird of prey has been photographed in the Highlands after being caught on camera eating a plastic bag.
A man has been found dead in a street in Manchester.
Nottinghamshire has voted to leave the European Union, with more than half of the county's voters backing Brexit.
Edin Dzeko scored twice as Roma beat Bologna to move back into second place in Serie A and set up a potential Champions League last-16 tie against Juventus.
The culture secretary has been cleared of any wrongdoing over a grant given to the organisers of the T in the Park festival, despite criticism from opposition politicians.
Anthony Joshua has the "bruise-proof strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, says former world champion Chris Harrison.
The sudden death of Jayaram Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has left a vacuum in the political landscape in the state, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Chennai.
A man's remains found in a lay-by were wearing a "dare2be" T-shirt and Nike tracksuit bottoms, police have said.
At least 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed and dozens injured in a Taliban attack on a military base, the defence ministry says, in the deadliest single attack on the army in recent years.
You can't win the Davis Cup as a one-man team, and I'm not sure any of us would have done it without the support of the whole team.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is a welcome sight for anyone trying to find out what is going on in the Balkans.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on a top-four finish in the Championship after returning to the club for a second spell as a scout.
A man has died after being found unconscious in the water off the coast of Penlee in Cornwall.
Kilcoo produced a superb display to beat Scotstown 1-13 to 0-11 in the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship semi-final at Croke Park as a superb goal from Conor Johnston proved decisive.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins is hoping to secure a place in Team GB's 2016 Rio Olympics squad after being tipped to be joined by fellow Welsh athletes Sarah Holland and Non Stanford.
The Irish government of Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny is facing a leadership contest after the announcement that he will step down in June.
A second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned.
The US space company United Launch Alliance has unveiled a new rocket that will be the world's most powerful and cost-effective launcher.
The death of A$AP Mob founder A$ap Ferg has been linked to drugs.
Bristol Rovers manager Billy Saunders has said he is investigating claims striker Mame Biram Diouf was seen in a nightclub hours before the club's most recent game.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by the prospect of facing favourites Maribor in their Europa League qualifier.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together for the second time in the fourballs in the Ryder Cup on Saturday after Europe's victory in the opening session.
Rents for top-quality office space in Belfast have risen, but are still well below the UK average, according to new figures.
The Fukushima nuclear disaster was a huge disaster.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam while flying over Northamptonshire, the National Police Air Service has said.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips better than humans has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Theresa May has been trying to reassure the world that the UK is still a strong and open country after Brexit.
Scientists in Australia have found a way to help save the lives of threatened lizard species from the spread of cane toads.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says the International Cricket Council's investigation into the Test match against England was "unfair".
Google is to stop running 30-second adverts on YouTube videos, the search giant has said.
Wales have recalled midfielders Chris Chester, Jonny Dummett and Chris Matthews for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on Saturday, 5 June.
A Christian-run bakery has told a court that if they lose a legal case over a cake they made for a gay couple, it could have a "catastrophic" effect on other businesses.
Athletics' governing body has approved proposals to wipe world records from the books if an athlete has been found guilty of doping.
A man forced to work for £20 a day for four years at a Cardiff house was allowed to live with the family, the trial of four men accused of slavery has heard.
A 19-year-old woman has died in hospital following a crash involving a car and a lorry in Belfast.
A new hall of fame for rugby union stars has been officially opened at its first permanent home.
The first female officer to be appointed as the head of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst has said she is "pinching herself" at the "incredible privilege" of taking charge of the academy.
A jewellers has been robbed in a raid in Teesside that police believe is linked to a similar attack in Yarm in November.
Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries as Middlesex took control against Yorkshire on day one at Lord's.
Police are hunting two teenage boys who blinded a woman in one eye after they pointed a laser pen at her in Edinburgh.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous" personality disorder and was capable of murder, a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May, as the economy continued to slow down, according to official figures.
Reading midfielder Paul McAnuff says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season despite being dropped for the opening two games of the Championship season.
The average number of steps taken by a person in the world is less than half of what it is in Hong Kong, according to a study of smartphone activity data.
NHS Direct is seeking to withdraw from nine of the 11 remaining NHS 111 services in England, the BBC has learned.
Plans for a new £25m justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City director of football Mehmet Dalman says Russell Slade is still the right man to be the club's manager despite the pressure on him.
The High Court has ruled that the retailer Next has paid £10m in back tax after it was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme that could have avoided up to £130m in tax.
The Banksy-inspired attraction Sleaford Mods has been nominated for a Sky Arts Award for best new work of art at the South Bank.
A pensioner who tried to stop the killer of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic athlete who was told he had a brain tumour that could have killed him has been told it has not been found.
The investigation into the Manchester bombing is still in its early stages.
Guy Martin will miss this year's Ulster Grand Prix (UGP) at Dundrod after announcing he will not be competing at the event.
"I'm not sure what to say," said Cynthia, as she sat in her classroom, her eyes fixed on the floor, her head bowed in thought.
The price of carbon permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros a tonne for the first time since 2009, as a huge oversupply of permits hit the market.
Ghana has fined a private company $1.3m (£1.1m) for branding buses with portraits of the president's predecessors, in a deal that cost the state $1m (Â£1.2m).
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in recruiting jihadists in Syria, the interior minister has said, as raids were carried out in Paris and other cities.
The Hillsborough disaster was a football match that saw 96 people killed and more than 1,200 injured, with the death toll rising to 96 after the inquests heard that the death Toll could have been as high as 200 if the game had not been called off.
The man who led two searches for the Disappeared has died after a long illness, the body of a man who helped to find the remains of two of the victims has been found.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council.
A baby boy was left in a critical condition after a plastic angel, thought to be a piece of plastic, was found in his oesophagus, the BBC has learned.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a photo of her with tattoos of Arabic and Hebrew words was published in a newspaper.
A rare species of turtle found washed up on British beaches has died after being kept in captivity for more than a month.
It's been a busy year for England women's cricket, and the team are looking forward to another busy year ahead.
Wigan Warriors have signed England full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday defender Liam Wildsmith has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says he will not be tempted to sell striker Ryan Cook to another Conference club.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century helped Lancashire take control against Hampshire on day three at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve after completing a 3-0 series win over Australia, saying they need to be "more consistent" if they are to be considered the number one team in the world.
A giant panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park is due to give birth to its first cub, after the female panda was artificially inseminated to boost her chances of pregnancy.
At least 36 people have died in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest, officials say, bringing the death toll from the blaze to at least 39.
A woman has admitted killing a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay £3.6m to the family of a baby girl who suffered severe brain damage after being born without a skull and skull fracture.
A council has been ordered to take a young boy into foster care after a judge raised concerns about the long-term future of his family.
The family of a woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend have lost their appeal against a ruling that police failed to protect her from his killer.
Facebook has been told to do more to protect the privacy of its users in Belgium after a watchdog said it had been "trampling" on the country's laws.
ITV has announced that Downton Abbey is to return for a sixth series.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May will still be neighbours after the general election, despite reports of a rift between them, the PM has said.
Community health councils in Wales are calling for more public support as they seek to become the "best kept secret" of the NHS.
HBO has cancelled the second season of Vinyl, a drama about a record label boss created by Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese, after just one season.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline last year with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £10m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by councillors.
Michael Phelps won his first national title since November with victory in the 200m individual medley at the USA Swimming National Championships.
Lyon midfielder Luiz Felipe Lopes was injured when two firecrackers exploded near him during their Ligue 1 match against Metz, which was abandoned after the first half.
A man has been arrested after two men died when a car crashed into a tree in Stoke-on-Trent.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new bid to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland, saying she hopes the move will help to reduce the number of people facing a "less than dignified end".
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Yankees was played with zero fans allowed in after the city was shut down over riots over the death of a black man in police custody.
The idea that there is a third gender is becoming more common in the world, and the idea that we should be more accepting of people who do not fit into our binary view of gender is gaining momentum.
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal that would end the country's decades-long tradition of free movement of people.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured after a car and a lorry crashed in Herefordshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital, a Glasgow-based firm run by former Royal Navy officer and businessman Jim McColl.
The air is still charged with the smell of steel, the smell still strong, the sound of the smokestacks still ringing out in the late afternoon.
A man who was a close associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for four years for assaulting a teenage boy and his girlfriend.
Prison is becoming a "punitive holding operation" for older prisoners, with conditions in England and Wales becoming "less safe and less decent", says the National Crime Agency's Prison Trust report.
A man has been charged after a petrol bomb was thrown at a pharmacy in west Belfast, causing damage to two bottles of prescription medication.
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in the north Aceh province, which killed at least 30 people.
Two goals from Conor Rowland helped Armagh beat Louth 3-12 to 0-11 in a thrilling Division Three game at Corrigan Park to move them level on points with leaders Tipperary.
A woman from Paris has become the first in France to sue the government for €1m (£865,000; $1.1m) for failing to protect her from the effects of air pollution.
Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 as Denmark came from behind to beat them and set up a semi-final against England.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he will fight for equal rights for gay and lesbian people, saying he is "absolutely" in favour of equality.
Facebook is taking the Irish High Court to argue that it should be allowed to investigate whether it is handing over data sent from its European servers to US servers in breach of EU law.
Birmingham City captain Gary Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Firefighters have been called to homes in Dorset and Dorset after people used insecticides to control pests, the fire service has said.
Polish foresters have declared a "major disaster" after storms brought down trees and killed wildlife in the Bialowieza forest, one of Europe's oldest and most important forests.
The Department of Education (DEL) is to spend £9.4m to fund the cost of paying for the redundancy of more than 200 further education staff.
Forfar Athletic moved into the Scottish League Two title race with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers, while Edinburgh City moved up to second with a 1-0 victory over Annan Athletic.
The PSNI has lost all original interview notes for four men who were cleared of murdering a soldier in Londonderry in the 1970s, it has emerged.
Councils should be allowed to sponsor struggling academies to help improve academic standards, say local authorities.
The benefits of cholesterol-lowering statins are "well established" and outweigh the risk of side effects, a review of the evidence suggests.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission in space, the first American to return to Earth from space.
Romania won their first Olympic gold of Rio 2016 as they beat defending champions China to win the men's team epee.
The prime minister has hinted that drivers who bought diesel cars despite warnings they are harmful to the environment could be given incentives to get rid of them.
Dundee manager Grant McCann says he is keen to improve the club's recruitment system ahead of the new season.
The International Olympic Committee's (IOC) president Thomas Bach says he has no regrets over the decision to ban Russia from the Rio Olympics over the country's doping scandal.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions prop John Faull has died at the age of 83.
India's economic growth in the past decade has been a source of much debate.
Tiger Woods says he is concerned about his fitness as he prepares for his first competitive event since August 2015 after returning from a 15-month lay-off.
A woman has said she was "horrified" when a man shot in the leg outside her house in west Belfast.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand on charges of helping to run the dark web marketplace Silk Road, which sold illegal drugs and other items.
David Fox's late winner gave Plymouth a vital victory at Mansfield as they moved up to third in League Two with victory at the Proact Stadium.
The World Sevens Series returns to Paris this weekend with England's team preparing for the final leg of the season in the capital.
"I'm very proud to be the manger of this club, I've really enjoyed the season, and I've had great support from people like (director of football) George Craig, (chief executive) Leeann Dempster and (chairman) Rod Petrie," said Neil Lennon
A man has died after a hang-gliding accident in East Sussex.
Cardiff City defender James Morrison says the Bluebirds must learn lessons from their recent late-game errors after conceding three late goals in their last three Championship games.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team's morale is high ahead of their World Cup Group C match against Germany on Wednesday.
The US has imposed sanctions on seven senior Venezuelan officials over President Nicolas Maduro's planned vote for a new constituent assembly to rewrite the constitution.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, amid growing tension between the two countries.
French police have evicted Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on a railway line in Paris, despite warnings from the Council of Europe that the move could be "counter-productive" and "counter to Europe's goals".
BBC presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a Victorian pier train and ferry service in Hampshire.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a lorry while walking his dog are trying to raise money to build a woodland survival centre in his memory.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd star Syd Barrett is to be created in his home city of Cambridge, according to the artist who designed it.
The Philippines' presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been condemned for making light of the rape and murder of a female missionary in a prison.
Sir John Major's call for a second referendum on Brexit has been dismissed as an "absolute dismissal of democracy", a former Conservative leader has said.
An exhibition of more than 100 photographs of Bristol taken during the city's 24 hours of "24 Hours In Bristol" has opened.
The number of appeals against GCSE and A-level exam grades changed in England and Wales has risen for the second year in a row, figures show.
Boeing has reported a fall in revenues and profits for 2016, as it delivered fewer military planes and sold fewer commercial planes.
Coleraine rowers Michael Cassells and David Scrimgeour won gold and silver at the European Rowing Championships in Germany on Sunday.
Australia beat India by an innings and 95 runs to win the first Test in India and take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
The head of one of the world's biggest online university platforms says she is "absolutely convinced" that mainstream universities will offer full degrees online within five years.
The Queen Mother Champion Stakes winner, The Queen Mother, won the Queen Mother Stakes at Ascot for the second year running.
The genetic divergence of the Irish Travellers from the rest of the population in the Republic of Ireland may have been much earlier than previously thought, a study has suggested.
Highland Council has said it is hopeful that the A9 bypass near Loch Ness will reopen to traffic on Monday.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man and woman whose bodies were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, as team-mates Tom Bishop and Philip Graves finished in the top three.
The Burrell Museum in Belfast is to reopen to the public in 2020, after a £6m revamp.
A river bend in Surrey that was restored after it was damaged by grazing has seen a rise in the number of salmon, the RSPB has said.
The French government has charged Yemenia, the national airline of Yemen, with negligence over the crash of a plane in the Indian Ocean in March 2012 that killed most of its passengers.
The Republican Party has a problem with its image, and Governor Bobby Jindal has said it needs to change its tone.
Orlando City Women have signed five-time world player of the year Marta from FC Rosengard.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has held his Edinburgh South seat in the general election, with the SNP losing all but one of its other seats in the capital.
Catalans Dragons have sacked coach Jacques Frayssinous and assistant coach Kevin Sinfield after a run of poor results.
The Monaco royal couple Charlene and Jacques de Beauharnais have given birth to twins, a boy and a girl, at a hospital in the principality of Monte Carlo.
A new maternity clinic for women who have been raped or sexually assaulted is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital.
Northern Ireland's Ciara Foster and Jason Smyth were both knocked out of the Commonwealth Games as they failed to reach the semi-finals of the 100m at Glasgow 2014.
Police have arrested more than 20 people after clashes between far-right and anti-fascist protesters in Maidstone.
Banks and accountants who help people evade tax could face financial penalties under plans proposed by Danny Alexander.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in crisis, saying the country's economy is "in crisis".
UKIP's only MP has said the party's national executive has the "authority" to decide whether Nigel Farage should take a break as leader.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection has been sold for £1.5m after a campaign to raise £1m to help pay off the collapsed company's pension bill.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world, with an estimated population of 28 million and a population of more than three billion.
The number of children in England and Wales being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, according to a charity.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a 15-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
A mother and her six cygnets have been killed by a car in County Fermanagh.
A pub which was threatened with closure by a supermarket chain has agreed to sell its Grade II-listed building to a group of villagers for £300,000.
The prime minister's comments on the future of school sport in England have been met with a mixed response from those who work in the sport.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, with syphilis and gonorrhoea the most common, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome finished 32 seconds behind winner Chris Froomes after a crash in the finalkm of the Vuelta a Espana saw the race finish in a sprint after a 3km sprint.
Social media star Jeremy Vine has written to a 15-year-old boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of bullies in Romford, Essex, in a video posted on his YouTube channel.
The potential for co-operative housing to help tackle the housing crisis in Wales is "great", according to a new report.
The busiest airfield in the UK is preparing for its highest ever summer traffic, according to the operator of the airport.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan that will see it shed more than 200,000 workers.
Partick Thistle secured their place in the Premiership play-offs with victory over Motherwell that will secure them a top-six finish.
Ambulances have spent more than a third more time waiting to handover patients to hospitals in Yorkshire than they did in the previous year, figures show.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.
The British conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 83.
A lion cub has been found in the cage of a female lion that was brought to a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia from Turkey in a rescue operation.
George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans in Berlin on Thursday, as he seeks to win the backing of the German government.
An Australian mining company has been found guilty of damaging a sacred site in the Northern Territory, where a rock formation is believed to have been the site of a battle between two of the country's creation ancestors.
Shoppers in the UK are getting ready to spend thousands of pounds on Black Friday deals, with Tesco and John Lewis the first to start their sales.
A transgender woman in India has won a legal battle to become a police officer in the state of Tamil Nadu, becoming the first in the country to do so, reports say.
The GAA's director general of football, Jim Duffy, has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship in a discussion paper published on Wednesday.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Londonderry.
A US company has developed a 3D-scanning machine that can 3D print a replacement for a prosthetic limb.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the most intimidating stadiums in the world, and it is a place where the best players in the game are expected to perform at their very best.
Wrexham have appointed former striker Gary Morrell as assistant manager to Paul Saunders following the departure of the club's former striker.
"I'm a big fan of London," says Michael DeLeon, "but I'm not a big shopper."
Civil servants are being asked to help with the UK's planned public sector strike by the government, but union bosses have expressed concern that they may be put on the front line.
Kenya's Rita Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz was beaten into third by compatriot Mary Keitany in Rio.
A "flashover explosion" may have caused the deaths of two men who were killed in a suspected explosion at a digger manufacturer in Harford, police have said.
The US and UK have criticised the Syrian government for allowing only limited air drops of aid to besieged areas, saying they are the "last resort" to relieve human suffering.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says, because they look for "middle-class" talent.
League Two side Rochdale have re-signed Brighton midfielder Lewis Dunkley on loan until the end of the season after he was released by the Seagulls.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against disgraced former cyclist Lance Armstrong for $100m (£65m) in a bid to force him to pay back money he received for sponsorship.
A new group has been formed to help families in Northern Ireland affected by rare diseases.
A judge in Wisconsin has ruled that two girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in a park in a "slash-and-stabbing" ritual in a bid to please horror website Slender Man should be tried as adults.
The US army has given the developer of the Dakota Access oil pipeline permission to begin work on the final section of the project, despite protests from Native American tribes.
The BBC's Martin Rees looks at the last days of the campaign in Hungary's parliamentary election, as the government and opposition try to win over voters who have been turned off by the recent referendum on Ukraine and the EU's new media law.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with the theft of £50,000 worth of frozen fish and chip products from a Torfaen fish and chips factory.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the surf on Australia's Gold Coast, in what has been described as a "miracle" rescue.
On the BBC's Today programme, Boris Johnson said that the European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three, but that he had been to a shop in the West Midlands and bought a bunch of five.
When Indian student Ankit Kohli was a student at a prestigious engineering college in Delhi, he was asked by his teacher to design the country's first humanoid robot.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has denied that more than 100 of its fighters gathered in one place for a training camp in the north of the country after a US air strike, saying the number was "unprecedented".
A World War Two battle window at a church in Wales has been damaged by a falling tree and needs to be repaired, the church has said.
A man has died after his car crashed into a row of gardens and ended up on its roof.
Maths tests for primary school pupils in England will be introduced using technology, the government has announced.
Olympic gymnast Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing while mimicking Islamic prayer.
Five disabled people who claim to be beneficiaries of the Independent Living Fund (ILF) have lost a High Court bid to challenge the government's plans to scrap the scheme.
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenue for the first half of the year, helped by strong growth in emerging markets and North America.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against President Nicolas Maduro's government, officials say.
Airbus has cut the number of A380 aircraft it will build this year and next, as it continues to struggle with engine problems and delays in deliveries of the A320neo.
The UK's business leaders have been giving their views on the EU referendum, with some saying the country would be better off staying in the union than leaving.
At least 20 people have been killed after a high rise building collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai, police say.
The world's biggest fund manager, BlackRock, is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs, according to reports, as part of a cost-cutting drive.
When Dom Dwyer was a teenager, he was playing for a non-league club in Norfolk.
Russia has said it will not be judged on the basis of whether it has "danced on the table" or "sung a song" as it attempts to be reinstated into athletics.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after they used another person's ashes in a ceremony to cover up a mistake at a crematorium.
The BBC is to be the subject of a major speech at the University of Edinburgh this week, in which it will try to make the case for itself and its role in British life.
The government has offered to meet junior doctors' leaders to try to resolve a dispute over new contracts, the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
Hamilton Academical moved out of the relegation zone in the Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost the culture and technology sectors in the north of England has been announced, in the latest attempt to boost economic growth in the region.
Serena Williams' stunning victory in the Australian Open final on Sunday was the greatest sporting achievement of all time.
Police in Italy have arrested 18 people in a series of raids in New York and Italy in an operation targeting a major mafia crime family.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law that gives more power to the country's white minority and gives the government the power to set its own laws.
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches has come into force in Scotland.
A pensioner has been told she will have to pay £18,000 to install a landline phone line to her home because it would take too long to lay.
He was the man who made politics look easy.
Tommy Hilfiger has said he was "upset" by a story which suggested he thought Gigi Hadid was not thin enough.
The family of US radio and TV star Casey Kasem are suing his former wife for $250,000 (Â£166,000) after she allegedly moved him from his home in Los Angeles to Norway before his death.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after he was arrested for trying to return to the country to watch a match against Wales.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing $1bn (Â£865m; $1.2bn) from the country's treasury during his time in power.
The prime minister has defended the government's refusal to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK over their rights after Brexit, saying it was the "morally right thing to do".
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership as they overcame 10-man Kilmarnock, despite having defender Paolo Pascali sent off in the first half.
St Johnstone moved up to fourth in the Premiership with a ruthless victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle, who remain bottom of the table.
England have won the Rugby Sevens World Series in New Zealand after beating Fiji and Scotland to finish top of Pool B.
Google has updated its Captcha system to remove puzzles that are used to stop people being tricked into logging in to websites.
Paralympic champion Jason Smyth is targeting a return to the Olympics after his bid for London 2012.
Police have taken cakes from a party attended by about 100 Irish Gypsies which caused "lots of damage" to a golf club, and donated them to homeless shelters.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from MPs on the Welsh affairs select committee at Westminster.
The Belfast-based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold for an undisclosed sum to a group of investors.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Norwich in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack, police have said.
A Russian military jet has crashed in Syria, killing at least one of its crew, after being shot down by Turkish jets, Russia says.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, the US military says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla will miss the rest of the season after suffering a foot injury.
Trainer Anne Harrington won her third Grade One race of the season as Our Duke won the Irish Grand National Trial Chase at Aintree.
Mae'r wasg UEFA wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd pêl-droed yn yr UDA, yn ôl ym Môn, ym Ysgolion Cymru, yng
NHS trusts in England have been rated as "outstanding" and "poor" in a new league table that aims to improve safety and openness.
A disabled man has been assaulted in his own home in the early hours of Monday morning in the Highlands.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree in Surrey.
The scandal over the high salaries of senior Iranian officials has shocked the country and has caused anger and frustration among many Iranians.
A calf bison has been killed by a group of tourists who tried to bring it to a Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming, officials say.
UK house prices rose by 7.8% in the year to March, the fastest pace since the start of April, official figures show, as the cost of homes continued to rise.
Teaching assistants in Northumberland are to be "driven into poverty" after councillors voted to change their contracts.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international David Davies on a two-year deal after he was released by National League rivals Stevenage.
British number two Heather Watson's contract with coach Roberto Veronelli has been terminated by mutual consent, the WTA has announced.
The collapse of the ceasefire in Syria has been widely expected, but the fact that it has happened so quickly and so quickly is a major setback for the fragile peace process in the country.
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing a piece of jewellery from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that the world needs Canada "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two-year deal to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
"When you are a hairdresser you are not considered an entrepreneur," says Margaret Terry, as she smiles brightly as she points to a row of hairdryers.
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year-old boy should have been more curious about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new bird centre in Nottinghamshire will "destroy" a "priceless" area of the county's Sherwood Forest, a conservation group has said.
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W Bush to a TV cameraman who helped film the summit of the world's most powerful leaders in Hamburg in 1991 is to be auctioned.
A sculpture of a Hindu goddess thought to have been stolen from an Indian temple has been returned to Singapore after a US museum bought it from a US art dealer.
A luxury train has made a surprise appearance in Kent to take commuters on a "magic" journey from London to Kent.
Luke Donald says he considered quitting golf after a slump that saw him drop out of the world's top 50 and contemplate his future.
On a sweltering afternoon in January 1932, a steam ship sailed into the waters of the Camaguey River in the Cuban port of Camagueys.
Voters in England and Wales go to the polls on 5 May to elect new councils.
Dementia rates in men are falling, according to a study in the journal Nature Communications.
The Isle of Wight Council is to appeal against a court ruling that a father who took his daughter on holiday in term time was in breach of the law.
A Swansea man who became known as the "world's first Santa Claus" has died aged 91.
Hundreds of German-Turkish Kurdish fighters have carried the body of a German woman killed fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Theresa May has set out her vision for a "bold, new, positive vision for the future of our country" in a speech to Conservative Party members, as she launched her bid to become prime minister.
A man has been charged with killing a referee who was punched during a high school football game in the US state of Michigan.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in the US state of Ohio in what police are calling a "sudden and brutal act of violence".
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise a vulnerable man by trying to persuade him to carry out a terror attack in the wake of the killing of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist in India has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a report that claimed Muslims were banned from teaching yoga, police say.
Scientists have measured the tidal signal in Loch Ness with a technique that could help them understand how the Earth's crust deforms as the ocean moves around the world.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men killed in the Shoreham air disaster has been delayed, as the police and aviation watchdog report into the crash is still not published.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £200,000 by blowing up cash machines in a series of raids in Aberdeenshire and Aberdeenhamshire.
Pope Francis has not done enough to help victims of child sex abuse in the Catholic Church in Australia, a senior Australian bishop has said.
Celtic are willing to sell Patrick Roberts to Nice if the French club offer the midfielder a move that suits both clubs, says the club's assistant manager.
A designer has spent 18 months building a "flying insect-like" robot that can walk on its own.
More than half of UK firms have been hit by a cyber attack in the past year, according to a survey by a business group.
Pope Francis is on a three-day visit to Africa, his first trip to the continent since becoming the first Latin American pontiff in nearly a century.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the new head of the European Commission, has said he would regret any tax deals made when he was prime minister of Luxembourg.
Laura Muir broke the Scottish 1500m record for the first time with a second-place finish in the London Anniversary Games in London on Sunday.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's late header rescued a draw for Birmingham City against Newcastle United in an FA Cup third-round replay at St James' Park.
Mark Cavendish says he was "proud" of his team-mates after they failed to beat the field in the Olympic road race, which was won by Russia's Alexander Vinokourov in a sprint finish.
It's been 19 years since the band All Saints broke up, but the quartet are back together for a comeback, and they're not afraid to joke about the sexism they faced when they were labelled "stroppy cows" by the music industry.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on the chance to become the world number one doubles pair for the first time in their career after losing in the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers are being urged to help clean up the Manx beaches after a number of them were badly damaged in recent storms.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in the UK under new proposals to tackle the illegal drug trade.
When Roger Goodell steps down as NFL commissioner at the end of the season, it will be a fitting end to what has been a year of turmoil for the sport's most powerful man.
A nurse who filmed himself raping women who were unconscious and secretly filmed the attacks has been jailed for 12 years.
Ballyliffin will host the Irish Open in 2018 after the European Tour confirmed that the venue will host next year's event.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning scored his first first-class century in almost a year to help his side fight back against Lancashire on day two of their Roses match at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda has announced it will pay farmers more for their milk, following a row over the price they are paid.
HP has apologised for not telling customers that their printers would no longer work with unofficial ink cartridges.
A judge has ruled that the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team can go ahead, despite a legal battle between Donald Sterling and his estranged wife over his mental health.
A school has been forced to close for the weekend after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with a norovirus bug.
The assembly's presiding officer has called on people to register to vote in May's elections, saying Wales is "moving into a new era" with more powers.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it hopes to begin drilling for oil in the Arctic this summer, after putting the project on hold for two years.
The murder of Labour MP Jo Cox has left a "lasting legacy" in the community, those who knew her say.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce" response to stone-throwing after the death of a 20-year-old Israeli man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to decide whether to refer a controversial new abortion bill to the Supreme Court.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat have agreed to hand back their pagers after a row over the closure of the station.
Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century on his return to the Surrey side as they made a good start to their County Championship campaign against Gloucestershire at The Oval.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International have completed the takeover of Championship club Wolves.
Bees and birds that nest early in the year may be better able to survive in a world where fewer places to nest are available, say scientists.
The Prince of Wales has told the Royal Military Academy that Britain's traditional qualities of "fair play, civility and adversity" remain as precious as they have always been as he passed out cadets.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal.
The US has closed its embassy in Yemen, warning that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is the biggest threat to the West, and has ordered its citizens to leave the country.
Scotland winger Jonny Gray says the team must establish a winning habit to make up for their poor start to the Six Nations.
A review of Northern Ireland's tourism industry has suggested that a drop in visitors from the Republic of Ireland may have been partly due to the Troubles.
"Rodrigo was a very good footballer, he was the best striker in the team," says the manager of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup, which Rodrigo Kelton was part of.
A man who was arrested after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA, known as "pink champagne", took a synthetic cannabinoid, police have said.
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, saying he will "never forget her".
More than 10,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 20 years under plans to build 1,090 new homes a year.
A Zimbabwean radio station that was the first to broadcast from the country after the country's long political crisis has gone offline.
NHS England has failed to invest in children's mental health services in England, campaigners say, amid concerns that money intended for the service has been diverted.
The family of a Welsh contestant in the Eurovision Song Contest final are planning a party to celebrate his win if he wins.
Hull FC have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop Alex Hood on a two-year deal after he was released by the Super League club.
A British man has begun his attempt to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
We've been looking for ways to get you active and active, and we've found you some of the best places to start!
All images are copyrighted...- BBC Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the US in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the US state department says.
England's Ben Stokes produced a stunning return to India to help his side beat the hosts by three wickets in the third one-day international in Mumbai and win the series.
A police force has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found at a house where she was later found dead.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its legal obligations by failing to fund investigations into killings by security forces during the Troubles.
This week on Disability Works we look at the latest technology innovations which could help disabled people to thrive in the workplace.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two brothers from West Yorkshire.
Britain's Scott Scott missed out on a second successive World Cup gold medal at the Canoe Slalom Championships in Spain.
Hundreds of people have attended the annual Royal Marine parade at Yeovilton Naval Base in Somerset.
A man whose car was stolen has said he was told by police there was "very little chance" he would be caught because of a "shrinking budget".
Malaysian philanthropist Khong Tiong Lai is a socialite who has spent her life trying to help the poor.
Nigeria's education system is being modernised in the wake of the Boko Haram attacks in the north-east, but the BBC's Nwaubani Nwafor in Kano has found that the government is also introducing reforms to religious schools, including one in the city where hundreds of
The US has issued an emergency travel warning for Turkey, warning of "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya, the second such warning in a day.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council after a series of gains in towns and villages across the county.
Two people have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear accident was a "manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence" by the Japanese government, regulators and private operators, a report by an independent panel has concluded.
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke will step down in June after four years in charge of the Football Association.
NatWest and RBS have warned that they could charge customers for their business accounts in the event of the Bank of England cutting interest rates below 0.25%.
The government has been defeated in its bid to relax Sunday trading rules in England and Wales, after a rebellion by Conservative MPs.
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and win the NBA Finals for the first time since 2005.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady is determined to end a long-running saga that has seen him return to the club he left for Liverpool in 2012.
A County Londonderry bar has been fined £5,000 after a man died and another was arrested for drinking alcohol outside the legal limit.
A man who filmed himself eating a fish he won at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Albania have been banned from playing in the next two Euro 2016 qualifiers after Uefa ruled they forfeited their match against Serbia in Belgrade.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest energy company to be the headline sponsor of its competitions.
Newport County suffered a shock 2-0 defeat away to Barry Town in the National League as Wrexham and Barry Town both won their opening pre-season games.
Pakistan have been given permission to play two matches in India in the World Twenty20, the country's cricket board has confirmed.
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett's criticism of his side's late comeback in their defeat by Sheffield Wednesday was "very disappointing".
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has said he will work to restore peace and unite the country after the Senate voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff.
A flood that is the source of a Chinese legend about a great emperor has been linked to the earliest evidence of a similar event in the world's history.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising naturopathy without a medical licence after allegedly posing as a doctor to sell vitamins and herbal remedies to elderly people.
Rafael Nadal is one of the world's most successful tennis players.
The number of skier days taken by Scotland's outdoor snowsports industry in the 2014-15 season was lower than the previous season, which was the first in years to start late.
Two police officers have been found guilty of drug dealing and misconduct offences after being caught on camera discussing drugs on duty.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side are "far from safe" in the Division One relegation battle and need to play better cricket in the final three games of the season.
A "damaged and dangerous" killer who raped and robbed a woman in a Leicester park has been jailed for a second time.
Cornwall head coach David Dawe hopes the National League title final will not be moved from Twickenham Stadium.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been helping students at the University of Texas at Austin get home late at night by driving them home from a project to prevent rape.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law that will force government officials to hand over state-owned property to the next president after the election.
Donald Trump has sparked controversy by saying the US black community is in the "worst shape it's ever been" and that he will rebuild the "inner cities".
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 67.
A dinghy has been rescued after it came to rest on a sandbank off the coast of Invergordon.
A bid by Northern Ireland's attorney general to refer the Belfast bakery case over a gay cake dispute to the Supreme Court has been rejected by the Court of Appeal.
Labour has defended its decision to deny 121,000 people who have registered to vote as supporters of other parties a vote in the general election, amid claims of "potential Tory infiltration".
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight after refusing to give up his seat has said he was "terrified" and described the ordeal as "more horrifying" than what he experienced when leaving Vietnam in 1975.
Former Labour leader Harriet Harman has said she is concerned about the "extra-judicial killing" of an Aberdeen man killed in Syria.
The organisation which runs the Welsh amateur boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and should not receive public money, according to a report by auditors.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed for the second time in a week due to safety concerns over a wall that collapsed during Storm Gertrude.
A German woman who suffered a pulmonary embolism after taking a contraceptive pill has launched a lawsuit against the German pharmaceutical firm Bayer, accusing it of failing to warn women of the dangers of the drug.
A trial of a new system to reduce queues on an escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations has begun.
A new compensation scheme for people who have been exposed to asbestos-related asbestos-eating diseases such as mesothelioma is to be launched in the UK, the government has announced.
A nurse has been found guilty of injecting her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin at a hospital.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's healthcare law, in a vote that could have a major impact on the health of millions of Americans.
Betty Churcher, an Australian art historian and renowned art critic, has died at the age of 86.
Moody's, one of the three main credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating following the UK voting to leave the European Union.
The second trial of two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime, including its leader Pol Pot, has opened in Phnom Penh for the first time.
Richard Branson, the author of the Oz magazine series, has died aged 83, his wife, Helen Clarke Neville, has said.
Bristol City's Jake Bidwell and Kodi Nikolic have agreed to play for Guernsey for a month.
There is "no threat whatsoever" to "hard working Polish, Hungarian, other EU citizens" working in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing for more than a year has been reunited with his owner after being found in a pet store warehouse.
A football fan who punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered a £1,000 repair bill after the hole was found to be caused by a fist pump.
The Home Office has asked takeaway chains in the Isle of Man to hand over the details of more than 100 workers who are alleged to have been working illegally in the UK.
Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel took victory in the Malaysian Grand Prix after a battle with team-mate Mark Webber, who was ordered to hold off the German by team-mates.
Hampshire's new chief constable has been named as Caroline Pinkney.
Irish boxer Ryan O'Sullivan has won the European Championships gold medal in the men's flyweight division after beating Russia's Vladimir Gadzhimagomedov in the final of the European Championship in Kiev.
Scott Brewster's rink have qualified for the European Curling Championships at Braehead after beating Dave Murdoch's Team Murdoch to win the Scottish Open final.
Donegal will face Galway in the All-Ireland qualifier at Croke Park on Saturday after both sides finished top of their respective divisions in the National League.
The date of the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union has been a hot topic of discussion for months, with both sides of the debate claiming to have a clear idea of when it will be held.
The late TV composer and composer John Perry's Dad's Army theme tune has been used in the House of Commons to poke fun at the government's Brexit plans.
Derby County striker Darren Bent says his side's recent form is helping them to build confidence ahead of the Championship play-offs.
The Baftas are over and it's time for the New York Fashion Week, which starts on Monday, with the likes of Louis Vuitton, Alexander McQueen and Prada all taking part.
Partick Thistle and Ross County shared the spoils after a draw at Firhill.
Artillery fire has hit the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, as a Russian aid convoy carrying supplies for rebels in the east of the country moves closer to the border with Ukraine.
A pair of Roman mosaics found during an archaeological dig will be part of a museum revamp, it has been confirmed.
The idea that the Scottish Parliament should have full control of income tax and welfare benefits is the most popular policy statement among Scots, according to a BBC Scotland poll.
The President of the Central African Republic, Akinwunmi Adesina, has been awarded the World Food Prize for his work to improve the quality and quantity of food in Africa.
A firearms officer has been told to carry a gun at all times after he was spotted carrying a gun in a railway station.
The El Nino weather event is expected to continue to cause severe impacts on the world's poorest countries in 2016, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned.
Scientists have made a kidney from a rat's kidney and tested it in animals, a step towards making the organ usable in people.
Apple has been ordered to pay a US university a fine for allegedly infringing a patent it holds.
A steam train is set to run for the first time in more than a decade.
If you want to get fit and look your best, then why not try the Couch to 5K Challenge?
A conservation charity is planning to open a national marine centre to highlight the importance of marine life in Scotland.
Passport checks on people leaving the UK have begun at ports and airports across the country, replacing the Advance Passenger Information system.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle has confirmed she will retire from gymnastics after winning a bronze medal at the London 2012 Olympics.
Charlton Athletic have signed defender Ben Pearce from Wigan Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public after a major refurbishment.
A woman who was recruited by her boyfriend to kill his ex-wife has been jailed for life for her murder.
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs he was "shocked and saddened" by the scale of a £1m pay-off given to a senior executive.
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock played out a goalless draw at Rugby Park as both sides failed to break down their opponents' stubborn resistance.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's "good mentality" after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland in their Euro 2016 warm-up game in Cardiff.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a Greater Manchester pub.
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson has dismissed reports he is in talks with the club about the vacant managerial position at Ibrox.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day after allegedly making obscene gestures at a female colleague during a heated debate in the Senate.
Australia has asked Israel to withdraw a diplomat from Canberra after it found that Israel was behind the use of forged Australian passports in a plot to kill a Dubai-based Palestinian militant.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to 10 years in prison for fraud and tax evasion.
Police in Papua New Guinea have launched an operation to recapture more than 60 prisoners who escaped from a prison in the north of the country on Sunday.
England's women completed their Six Nations Grand Slam with a comfortable win over Ireland in Dublin.
At least nine people have been killed and at least 15 injured in a bomb attack in a border town in north-eastern Lebanon, officials say.
The Brownie and Guide oath has been changed to remove the reference to God from the oath for the first time in its history.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the UK's busiest port has risen sharply in the past year, figures show.
When a tourist visits Gibraltar, he might look at a map of the Rock of Gibraltar, take a tour of the museums, or look at the history of the territory's history.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here star Luke Wright is set to buy a stake in non-league Billericay Town, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Bradford City moved up to third in League One with a comfortable victory over Rochdale.
A firm has been fined £20,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck in a warehouse in Lincolnshire, leaving him with a broken leg.
The Irish government has been accused of failing to meet basic human rights standards in its response to the recession.
Former Conservative deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said the UK needs to improve its education system, saying the country's industrial strategy should start with primary schools.
The Basque people are descended from early farmers who mixed with local hunter-gatherers, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released six players, including goalkeeper Scott McLaughlin, after their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a year since we last saw you guys in 2016.
Labour's Welsh leader has said he still supports Jeremy Corbyn as leader, despite not being a fan of the Labour leader.
A new sixth form college is to open in Flintshire, replacing three high schools.
Burnley have signed Stoke City striker Jon Walters for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, who was one of the best-known comedy actors in Latin America, has died in Mexico at the age of 83.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed former England international forward Kevin Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff while suffering from post-partum psychosis could have been saved if there had been a proper response to her cardiac arrest, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United are set to sign Villarreal defender Eric Bailly as Jose Mourinho's first signing as manager.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has ordered a state of emergency in several countries after Charlie Hebdo published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad which have caused outrage in the Muslim world.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda started their business in 2012, the Portuguese economy was in a state of crisis.
A new maze in London has been built in honour of Sherlock Holmes, and it's got a special guest.
The US government's request for Apple to help it investigate the San Bernardino shooting is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the UN has said.
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency in parts of the state to help clean up polluted waters that have been contaminated with blue-green algae.
Broadchurch will not return for a third series, its creator has confirmed, as the show's final episode is broadcast.
A ride at Alton Towers which was closed after a crash left five people injured is to reopen in March, it has been announced.
Ospreys will review the future of head coach Steve Johnson after the departure of the Scotland-bound coach, according to director of rugby Mark Hore.
Uini Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester Tigers secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso to make it two wins from two in the Pro12.
Clermont Auvergne's French-born scrum-half Alex Abendanon says the Rugby Football Union's policy of not picking English players for England restricts his ability to play at the top level.
The public's satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than 30 years, according to a survey of public opinion.
It's the biggest fight in British boxing history, the biggest event in the world, the most anticipated in the history of the sport and the biggest test of your boxing alter ego.
The City of London's special representative to the EU has described France as a "bad cop" in its approach to the UK's Brexit negotiations, saying it is "unwilling to work with Britain".
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill was in charge of the national team at the last European Championship, he and his staff had to hitch-hike with German fans to get to and from matches.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored in the final two minutes as Leeds United beat Burton Albion to claim their first win of the season.
Alex Hales hit a stunning unbeaten 109 off just 28 balls as Nottinghamshire set a new T20 Blast record for the fastest ever Powerplay score in a game.
A man has raised thousands of pounds to pay for a terminally ill Yemeni girl to be treated in France after he learned she had a rare form of cancer.
Lancashire director of cricket Giles Giles has warned his side they are not a "better side" than they were in their defeat by Essex in the One-Day Cup.
A lifeboat station has been temporarily taken over by volunteers after a row over the sacking of a coxswain.
Scientists have discovered the earliest evidence of the growth of embryos in the eggs of a dinosaur that lived about 200 million years ago.
Northern Ireland's men's football team qualified for Euro 2016 after beating Spain in their opening Group B match.
A hospital trust has apologised for the "shocking" failures that led to the deaths of more than 100 people, including a newborn baby, and the deaths in 2011 of at least 20 other people.
A campaign manager for US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a Florida event.
For years, Jaguar Land Rover has been promising to update its offroad vehicle, the Defender, but the latest version has been a long way off the market.
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son by leaving him in the bath while she went out for a cigarette has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs to check on him.
Four people have pleaded guilty to fraudulently winning a council by-election by a single vote.
A migrant camp set up at Dismaland is to take the exhibition's remaining fixtures and fittings to a new site in France after organisers changed their mind about sending it to the UK.
Rafael Nadal's Real Madrid team have described comments about the world number one's alleged doping history as "unjustifiable and unacceptable".
A US aircraft carrier strike group ordered to send troops to the Korean peninsula has arrived in the Western Pacific, the US military has said, after a week of confusion over its movements.
A father and son accused of murdering a man in County Donegal have been remanded in custody after appearing at the Special Criminal Court in Dublin.
Police stations in Bedfordshire could be replaced with more accessible facilities such as in public buildings and supermarkets, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said.
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic 6-4 6-3 6-2 to reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Open, his first Masters 1000 title since 2008.
A study into the impact of a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire could help to find a solution to traffic congestion in Reading.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo for an undisclosed fee from Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon.
The Great North Run is one of the world's biggest running events, attracting more than 100,000 runners from around the world.
Former Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was offered to Crewe Alexandra last season, according to the club's former boss Phil Collins.
A Sri Lankan former defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of Colombo last year.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended a video ad for his party that has caused a political storm after it was released in the wake of the Orlando nightclub shooting.
NHS England is to introduce a new process for approving new drugs that cost more than £20m a year to provide to patients, under plans agreed by health watchdog NICE.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington Stanley beat Bradford City to claim their first win of the season.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty and are turning to food banks, according to a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex's Harry Podmore on loan for the start of the season.
Stourbridge manager Paul Hackett says his side's FA Cup win over League One Northampton Town was the biggest in the club's history.
Uefa has banned Besiktas fans from attending their Europa League match against Lyon after fans threw fireworks and fireworks at the French club's stadium.
Thousands of savers may not be protected from losing their savings under a new scheme, the Financial Conduct Authority has warned.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
Hearts have signed Prince Buaben from Carlisle United as one of five new signings for the Scottish Premiership club.
Wales Under-20s ended their three-game losing run at the World Rugby Under-19 Championship with a narrow win over Italy in Cardiff.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing 16 years ago have begun a search for his body in woodland in Dublin.
Arsenal Ladies have extended their partnership with Boreham Wood Ladies by helping to fund the club's ground improvements.
The Welsh Rugby Union has signed a new five-year deal with Under Armour to supply kit for Wales' national rugby union team.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for next season.
Ed Miliband has said he is "not going to let David Cameron or the Conservatives win the EU referendum" as he launched his election campaign, with business leaders backing Labour's EU policy.
Leicester Tigers can challenge for a top-four Premiership finish this season, says forwards coach Shaun Murphy.
Macclesfield moved up to fourth in the National League with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have been jailed for a total of nine years after admitting a total to more than 10 charges relating to the seizure of cocaine with intent to supply.
The British teenager who made millions of dollars developing a news-summarisation app for Yahoo has revealed he is considering a career change.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is available to face Southampton after missing the defeat by Crystal Palace on Tuesday because of a hamstring injury.
The Queen can imitate the Norfolk accent "to the point of being almost incomprehensible", her cousin has said.
A man has surrendered to police after a siege at a West Midlands Bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British swimming performance director Mark Scott has resigned following a review into the country's failure to reach its targets at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as he beat Michael Phelps in the men's 100m butterfly to deny the American a record-equalling 23rd gold.
A primary school head coach from Daventry has applied to be the Football Association's next England manager.
The Dangerous Dogs Act should be scrapped after a second fatal attack on a child in the past week, an MP has said.
Former world champion Mark Davis suffered a 10-3 defeat by England's Mark Selby in the first round of World Championship qualifying in Sheffield.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in the Cumbrian mountains.
A dog was rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in a chair and it became wedged between a wall and a wall.
The owners of an animalarium in Powys have been fined after six endangered animals were found in a "dangerous condition" and illegally kept.
The Islamic State (IS) group has confirmed that Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of its most senior media leaders, has been killed.
A man who killed his partner by punching her in the head after a row at a railway station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as John Baker.
Jenson Button could leave McLaren to join Williams next season and join Ferrari as a team-mate for Valtteri Bottas, BBC Sport understands.
Roger Moore has said he was "never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred'" when he was approached about replacing Sean Connery as James Bond.
Thousands of elderly people are being left waiting too long for care services they need, according to a charity.
People are being asked to help track the number of wild rabbits and hares in the UK by sending in sightings of the animals.
Four people have admitted selling hundreds of sick and abandoned puppies to prospective buyers in a fraud worth more than £300,000.
Four British men arrested as part of an international investigation into a suspected jihadist network have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK, offering a line-up of traditional pay-TV channels.
The Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted a ban on discount hotel room deals, following an investigation into the UK's online travel industry.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Old Mutual falling after the financial services group reported a fall in half-year profits.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100.
Wakefield Wildcats chief executive Kevin Carter says the club have given Castleford Tigers six months' notice that they will leave the club's Headingley ground.
Prince William has said he takes his royal duties "very seriously" and will not ignore criticism of his commitment to duty.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is "sorry" the 'deflate-gate' scandal has affected the sport after being cleared to play in the NFL.
Japanese messaging app Line is planning to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange in a major listing, the company has announced.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and asked her to "bend over" a photocopier has been suspended for six months for gross misconduct.
A parish council has said it will fight to save a sports centre which could be closed due to "increasing uncertainties" about its future.
The body of the Russian consul in Athens has been found in his apartment, Greek police say, after he was reported missing.
Renault has told Formula 1 authorities it is considering leaving the sport, with the French company considering "exit or run its own team", its boss has said.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group should be formed to help find a site for the BBC's new headquarters in the city centre.
A man and his dog have been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester while trying to retrieve their pet.
Thieves have broken into a Birmingham industrial estate, stealing more than £1m worth of machinery and jewellery.
An Indian excise official's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has sparked a social media debate, with many users mocking him on social media.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the BBC to co-host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special, despite a fall last week.
The UK is to extend free trade deals with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A paralysed woman who has been walking for more than a decade has completed the Great North Run using a robotic exoskeleton.
At least six people have been killed in an attack on the headquarters of Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security (NDS) in the diplomatic area of Kabul, officials say.
China's property market is booming, with a record number of young people buying homes, but the cost of housing is still too expensive for many to afford.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his garden in Nottingham.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma should step down, the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has said, saying the country's democracy is under threat.
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes in public toilets and piercing shops is among a raft of new measures to be introduced in Wales.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he does not believe the club will sell Raheem Sterling and that the club are "one of the superpowers of football".
The world's elderly are increasingly turning to work for longer, and many are finding work in the food and hospitality industries.
(Close): Wall Street ended higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs as oil prices rose and the Nasdaq hit a record high.
Great Britain will host the first blind and visually-impaired judo European Championships in more than five years on Saturday, 7-9 September.
A new NHS trust that runs Stafford County Hospital has been told it must improve its services to ensure patients are safe and well-led.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he understands why the Rugby Football Union chose to appoint Gregor Townsend as his successor as head coach.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop sharing users' data with its parent company, after it changed its privacy policy.
Matthew Perry is not expected to appear on a Friends reunion special, which is due to be broadcast on US TV next month.
Wales fans have been praising their team's performance at Euro 2016 despite their defeat in the final of the tournament.
More than 100 people have visited mosques across the UK to mark a day of "visit my mosque" organised by a Muslim organisation.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he is "absolutely committed" to the club and will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England job.
The UK's EU referendum will be "unlikely to cause an economic shock" to the world economy, the G20 group of world leaders has warned, with the US, China, the IMF and IMF chief Christine Lagarde among those who have said it would be.
A former soldier who was awarded the Prince of Wales's bravery medal for his actions in Iraq has been left with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and says he is struggling to cope with life in the civilian world.
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has sparked a backlash after suggesting gun rights supporters could stop Hillary Clinton from taking power.
The National Union of Students is launching a campaign against Liberal Democrat MPs who broke their promises on tuition fees in 2010.
The UK's new anti-trafficking commissioner has said he is "very concerned" about the number of Nigerian people trafficked to the UK to work as domestic servants.
People who sit for long periods of time and do not exercise are ageing faster than those who do, a study suggests.
Turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in Istanbul and in the southern city of Izmir, as the country's largest city continues to be rocked by anti-government protests.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of this year, the slowest annual rise in four years, according to official figures.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to the author Neil Harris.
A Conservative MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with rape.
A fire has broken out at a school where GCSE students were waiting to collect their exam results.
Worcester Warriors' new-look pitch will give them an "added advantage" in their pre-season preparations, says full-back Stuart Hogg.
(Close): The London market closed lower, with banking stocks leading the way, as investors remained cautious ahead of the UK general election on 8 June.
A Los Angeles hospital has said it has paid hackers who locked its computer systems in a ransomware attack $17,000 (£11,000) to unlock the key to unlock them.
British Eventing rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital after she suffered a brain injury in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered in Syria has said he has no hatred for those radicalised by extremism, and has urged people to show "love and compassion" to those affected by the conflict.
A Commons committee is to be set up to examine the future of the job of the House of Commons clerk, former chief secretary to the Treasury Jack Straw has said.
A teenage cabin crew attendant has been appointed to the same airline as the first baby to be born on an air ambulance.
Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for saying the death of Osama Bin Laden was "yet another tragedy" and "yetanother tragedy" in a TV interview.
Angelina Jolie is to direct and star in a film about Kenyan wildlife official William Leakey, who has been described as "the most successful wildlife conservationist in the world", in a role she has never played.
The BBC has confirmed it's sold the rights to Family Guy to a US TV network.
Wreaths will be laid at five locations across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising, the first major rebellion against British rule in the country.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the UK's richest couple, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former MP Howard Marks, who wrote a best-selling autobiography and was jailed for smuggling drugs, has died aged 67.
Somerset captain Michael Rogers says his side must be "serious" about winning games after their dramatic defeat by Middlesex.
John Swinney, the Scottish finance secretary, was told last month that he would have to prepare a draft budget for next year, and that it would be the first time he had to do so without any extra money from the Scottish government.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the honours system could be changed in the wake of the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has been involved in a heated exchange with Chelsea boss Antonio Conte.
Alloa Athletic manager Alex Goodwin says he has benefitted from taking himself out of the playing side of the game to give himself the best chance of succeeding at the club.
Claudio Ranieri's sacking as Leicester City manager was the most shocking and unexpected part of a story that has been a sporting fairytale that has now turned into a nightmare.
A man who died from measles was found to have had the illness, a post-mortem examination has revealed.
A teenager accused of planning to kill Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he did not agree with the man who killed her.
MPs have voted to give the government the power to trigger Brexit talks, despite a Labour rebellion.
The government has been accused of "swallowed a line" by an MP over the impact of changes to business rates, which could see shops close and thousands of jobs lost, the MP for the South East has said.
Dover moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a comfortable victory over Guiseley.
Derbyshire seamer Tom Taylor has signed a new contract with the county, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.
The rescue of the last victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash was the "most technical" rescue the firefighters had ever carried out, a senior officer has said.
South Africa's competition commission has accused major international banks of rigging the foreign exchange market in a long-running conspiracy to manipulate the rand.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future" after his Olympic exit.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Monmouthshire since speed cameras went into operation, figures have shown.
Police have seized cannabis plants with an estimated street value of about £1m in County Londonderry.
Russia's Duma has approved two bills that would allow Russia to take over territory from a neighbouring state, including Crimea, if the neighbouring state agrees to become a "subject" of Russia.
Scotland's education secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to proud of" in the state of the education system, despite a drop in teacher numbers.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint after he was picked up by a van driver in Edinburgh and dropped off by the driver in the city centre.
A former soldier who was caught with a gun and ammunition with the potential to cause "considerable harm" has been jailed.
A new unisex toilet is to be built in a park in the Chinese capital, Beijing, to ease the problem of long queues for public toilets, officials say.
The scandal over the alleged illegal wiretapping of German parliamentarians has caused a political storm in Germany, with the government and opposition demanding an inquiry into whether the state has been spying on the media.
The International Space Station (ISS) is a place where the world's most experienced and experienced astronauts can perform a variety of experiments, but what are the scientific experiments they are carrying out?
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for helping his side's defensive improvement.
The final planning application for the construction of a new main stand at Tynecastle has been submitted to the Scottish government.
At a concert by a brass band, a young woman in a red dress danced to the beat of a brass quintet as Angela Merkel addressed a crowd of supporters in Brilon, a small town in North Rhine-Westphalia.
The US is arming Ukrainian opposition groups in the country, despite a security agreement signed by Russia and the US to protect the country's sovereignty, a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin has said.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled the assembly can set minimum wages for agricultural workers in Wales, the Welsh government has said.
One Direction have confirmed they're staying together.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred a controversial bill to a constitutional review committee after he refused to sign it into law, despite pressure from human rights groups.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on African leaders to end their dependence on foreign aid, saying it is time to "give it up".
Fulham have released Andreas Christensen after his contract with the Championship club expired.
Former Miami Dolphins player Chris Konrad has been rescued after his boat sank off the coast of Florida, leaving him stranded in the water for more than 24 hours.
The police have said they are disappointed that a deal on the legacy of the past has not been reached between the DUP and Sinn FÃ©in.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music on Saturday.
British pair Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both suffered first-round defeats at the Aegon International in Birmingham on Saturday.
Thailand's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that led to her removal from office in 2014.
Ed Miliband has defended his pledge stone, which has been widely mocked for being "vile" and "vanity", saying he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his promises.
Plans for a £50m shake-up of education in the Borders have been submitted to Scottish Borders Council.
Comedian Norman Collier, who was best known for his chicken impression and his appearances on the Royal Variety Performance, has died aged 91.
Crawley ended a run of three straight defeats as they eased to victory over Leyton Orient at the Kassam Stadium.
A boy with autism has been left "angry and angry" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
The UK economy is likely to grow at its slowest pace in more than a decade this year as consumer spending and unemployment rise, a think tank has warned.
A new initiative has launched a series of free walking tours in Edinburgh where street vendors are taking people on a tour of the city.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a legal bid to challenge the government's handling of suicides at the jail.
Are you from Nepal and have you been affected by the earthquake that hit the country last year?
The Dark Knight Rises, the latest Batman film, has received a mixed response from critics, with some calling it "a masterful film" and others calling it a "comic book romp".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The line-up for this year's Bestival has been announced, and it's got some big names on it.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with mining stocks among the biggest fallers, as investors digested disappointing results from Anglo American and Centrica.
The Rio Olympics was "unfair" to athletes and "unnecessarily disrupted" by logistical problems, a report has found.
A suspicious package containing a white powder has been found at the Washington DC office of a Muslim group, prompting a security alert.
A woman who was found dead at a house in north-east London was strangled to death with a ligature, a post-mortem examination has found.
The chairman of one of China's biggest clothing companies, Zhou Chengjian, has been missing for several days, according to his company.
The BBC is known for being good at keeping secrets.
The Welsh Government should bring in an electronic prescribing system for medicines in hospitals sooner, the Welsh Government's own watchdog has said.
Royal Mail shares have fallen sharply after the postal service reported a fall in half-year profits and raised its cost-cutting target.
A heritage railway group has launched a fundraising campaign to raise £10,000 to help build a new crossing on a river crossing.
The German press is pleading with Britain to stay in the European Union.
A nurse who posted sexually explicit messages on Facebook about a patient has been sacked for gross misconduct.
A new musical about a Nigerian family in the West End has opened in London.
YouTube has defended its record-breaking payments to musicians after a row over royalties and copyright protection.
A woman has been conned out of £50,000 by a group of hackers who posed as a solicitor and asked her to pay them £50 to help them buy a house.
A woman has been taken to hospital after her car was involved in a crash with a lorry in Aberdeenshire.
The story of the "biggest dinosaur" ever has been a source of much excitement for many scientists, but how would this creature have walked on land?
Chile has said it will not negotiate with Venezuela over the detention of a journalist who has been held for a week in the country.
Dogs could be banned from beaches in Dumfries and Galloway under plans being considered by councillors.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, boosted by a strong jobs report that showed the US economy added more than expected in November.
A memorial to the men who served in Bomber Command during World War Two is to be unveiled at a new £100m centre for the RAF.
Motorists are being warned to expect delays and disruption as millions of people head to the roads for Easter weekend getaways.
At least 18 people have been killed in a fire after a bus crashed into the back of a lorry and burst into flames, German police say.
Sussex seamer Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England suffered a crushing nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 international of the tour as the visitors sealed a 3-0 series victory at Old Trafford.
A plaque has been unveiled in Wigan to remember a teacher who was murdered by her own pupil.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will "always work with Leanne Wood" as Plaid Cymru leader, saying there is "no reason why Plaid can't win in Wales".
A train guard has been spat at and threatened by a passenger on a train in West Lothian.
A court in India has sentenced a former minister to death for her role in the 2002 Gujarat riots, in which 97 people were killed in a massacre of a newborn baby.
The Bangladeshi government has named the six men who carried out Saturday's deadly attack on a cafe in the capital, Dhaka, as five of the seven men who died.
Conor McGregor has submitted a request to use 8oz gloves in his boxing debut against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August.
Australian internet service providers (ISPs) have been ordered to reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for two games for an elbow to the head of Hull FC's Matty Smith in the Super League game between the sides on Saturday.
Nasa has announced its plans to send humans to Mars, the Red planet, and it's not just for science, but also to live there.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, with Hewlett-Packard shares rising after the company reported a fall in revenue and a strong performance from its services arm.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 people from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, including some of the more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by the group last year.
Israel has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in two settlements in the occupied West Bank, a senior official has told the BBC.
Former Netherlands captain Patrick Kluivert scored his first goal for Ajax since leaving the club as they beat PEC Zwolle to move second in the Dutch Eredivisie.
The number of house sales fell to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club, but believes he can turn things around if he stays.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
A team of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread.
Edinburgh is preparing to welcome its three biggest arts festivals this summer.
A teenager who raped and sexually abused five girls has been jailed for four years and four months.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank has been replaced after a year-long management shake-up.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, a poll suggests, despite warnings from his rivals that a victory would be a "disaster" for the party.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to supporters of ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, amid protests against the bill.
JP Morgan is planning to move some jobs out of London as part of its Brexit contingency plans, the BBC understands.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford produced a superb long jump to win the men's long jump at the Great Manchester City Games, which was held in the city three days after the Manchester Arena attack.
Babies and young children who are overweight are eating more food than healthy weight children, putting them at greater risk of obesity, research suggests.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has been dissolved after the DUP refused to accept the result of the assembly election.
A woman who was denied a life-saving breast cancer treatment after being denied it by the NHS has said she feels "barbaric" after being told she could not have it.
Tranmere Rovers moved up to third in the National League with a convincing win at Dover.
A Blackpool fan has been told to respond to a legal claim brought by the club's owners over comments he made on an online forum.
Britain's Chris Froome is on course to win a third Tour de France title after finishing second on stage 20, the penultimate stage in the mountains of the race.
The first half of the Glasgow School of Art building, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh, was officially opened in 1909.
Queen of the South manager Stephen Naysmith has praised Motherwell's decision to allow Dom Thomas to join Championship side QPR and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson to join on loan.
Police investigating the murder of Ballymena man Michael McIlhagga have arrested three more men in connection with the attack.
A salvage team has begun an initial assessment of the stricken drilling rig Deepwater Horizon in preparation for a more detailed assessment on Wednesday.
A collection of World War Two medals belonging to a 92-year-old man have been stolen from his home.
All fireworks displays in England should be licensed and back-garden displays in people's back gardens are "rubbish", a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying to be the two leading candidates in the race for the party's nomination for the White House.
A priest has accused five former bishops of failing to act after he claimed he was raped by a vicar in the 1980s.
Jockeys are opposed to the idea of racing on Good Friday for the first time in the sport's history, according to the president of the British Horseracing Authority's National Hunt Riders' Association.
More women should be appointed to public sector jobs, including in the public sector, a group of women politicians has said.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal and will hold talks with his team-mates about his future after the club's pre-season tour of Australia.
The only surviving Paris attacks suspect to be buried in France has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the BMW Masters.
Ruweyda is a seven-year-old girl from Manchester who can't speak in front of her friends.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from a shipwreck in 1941 may not be among the eight that were recorded in official records, according to a conservation charity.
A prehistoric encampment found near Stonehenge has been dated to around 4,000 years ago, archaeologists have said.
A think tank has claimed that leaving the EU would cost every household in the UK £850 a year in the short term.
Wolves secured their Championship status for another season with victory at Leeds, who missed out on the play-offs after losing to Fulham.
Jennifer Lawrence has spoken out about the fact she gave up on a deal to produce the film American Hustle without fighting for more money because she wanted to be "liked".
A man who was seriously injured when his powerboat overturned in the Hamble River in Southampton is "stable and improving", his family has said.
Scientists have warned that a glacier in Nepal that is home to one of the world's highest mountains may be forming large lakes.
The BBC has been granted permission to broadcast live commentary on the BBC Sport website from the 2016 European Championships in Glasgow.
Pope Francis has granted conditional freedom to a priest who was jailed for leaking documents from the Vatican's computer system, in the second Vatileaks scandal to hit the Catholic Church.
The stars of the new Star Trek film have welcomed the decision to introduce a gay character in the new film, despite criticism from some of the original cast.
The BBC has been tracking the results of the UK's local and assembly elections, as well as the general election in England, Wales and Scotland.
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government's welfare reforms, saying they will help disabled people get back to work.
Eugene has defended its decision to be awarded the 2021 World Athletics Championships, saying it followed all the rules and accepted all the IAAF's advice.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign from the Conservatives if the party backs down on Heathrow expansion and he is forced to step down as an MP.
Torquay United moved out of the National League relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Kidderminster Harriers.
A new minister in Myanmar's new government has been forced to resign after he was caught with a fake degree.
A former soldier who fired a rubber bullet into the head of a west Belfast boy has a heart condition and could suffer a heart attack if he cannot attend an inquest into his death, a coroner has been told.
The BBC has scrapped its controversial "chat show" format for this year's Wimbledon highlights show, which was criticised for being "too trendy" and "too chatty".
A group of homeowners who had no idea they owned a flood defence wall which collapsed on their house are facing a bill of up to £1.5m to repair it.
A County Armagh man who stole more than £110,000 from a law firm to fund his own property and take up a partnership has been jailed for three years and four months.
Marcus Rashford scored a late winner as Manchester United beat Hull City to move to the top of the Premier League with a third successive win.
Argentina have sacked coach Edgardo Bauza after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
The last surviving Nazi official's secretary, Eva Pomsel, has died at the age of 106, after a long illness.
Nato has condemned a Russian incursion into its airspace over Turkey on Saturday, saying it was "unacceptable" and warned that "incidents, accidents and accidents" may create dangerous situations.
Swansea City will pay for the tickets for the supporters' tickets for their final two games of the season against Hull City, with the club's players paying for the rest.
At least 39 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman died of blood poisoning after being left in an overcrowded London hospital for more than an hour without being diagnosed with sepsis, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council leader has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him for three months for sending "inappropriate" messages.
Curzon has been honoured with a Bafta award for its "extraordinary contribution to the British film industry" at this year's Baftas.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 2-0 defeat by Barrow was their "toughest challenge to date" despite the defeat in the National League.
Dominika Cibulkova reached the final of the WTA Finals for the first time in her career as she beat a resurgent Svetlana Kuznetsova to set up a meeting with world number one Angelique Kerber in the final in Singapore.
The government has said it would be "fairer" to sell off social housing in the most expensive areas of the UK to fund new homes for the poorest.
Guernsey have beaten Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games table tennis to win their first gold medal of the 2015 event.
(Close): The FTSE 250 index of leading shares closed higher, with shares in Carillion leading the way after the construction firm said it had appointed an accountants to help with its strategic review.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has ever played against in his managerial career.
The BBC should make a spin-off series of The Apprentice to showcase the success of previous winners, according to its host Lord Sugar.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery after his crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a Leeds park.
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion and fire that ripped through a town in central Mexico after a fuel pipeline burst, officials say.
A world boxing champion has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Ten churches in Shropshire and Herefordshire have been awarded grants of more than £1m to help fund repairs to their historic buildings.
At least seven people have been killed in a suspected chemical attack on a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, Russian media say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in a dramatic men's singles final to win Olympic gold and become the first man to win two golds at the same Games.
Arthur the dog is a rescue dog who was found by a family in the UK and was found wandering around a house in the West Midlands.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been given a warm welcome by Canada's governor general as they began their first official tour of the country.
New incubators are to be used on Wales Air Ambulance's new fleet of helicopters to help deliver premature babies, the charity has announced.
A male golden eagle has returned to its nest at the Scottish Wildlife Trust's Loch Ness Bird Reserve in Perthshire.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a rape charity after the final episode of the ITV drama was screened.
For Volkswagen, the reaction to the revelations that it deliberately tried to game tests to cheat them will be as important as the fact that it was caught.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training after being suspended for a second time by the club.
Luke Donald has been named as the new host of the British Masters at The Grove in Birmingham, which will host the event from 2017.
Bristol City have held talks with former Watford defender Marcus Bignot, says head coach Lee Johnson.
It was a boy's dream come true for Northern Ireland's Jonathan Rea, who was only eight years old when he witnessed the Monaco Grand Prix for the first time, and went on to become one of Formula 1's most successful drivers.
The US has carried out a drone strike in Yemen that killed an al-Qaeda leader believed to be the group's most senior leader, US media report.
A man accused of murdering a Rhyl man in a turf war has told a court he banged on the car window of the victim's car to make him "scared".
A council has said it will give an LGBT bar first refusal on a new lease for a site earmarked for a new flats development if it is allowed to reopen a gay pub that closed last year.
Three Irish boxers, Michael Conlan, Michael Donnelly and David Fowler, have been banned from competing at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) found them guilty of breaching rules on betting on boxing events at the Rio 2016 Games.
The Justice Secretary has become the first cabinet minister to join the campaign to leave the European Union, saying he cannot "dismiss the choice" David Cameron has given to his colleagues.
As the centenary of the evacuation of Dunkirk is marked, the BBC's Paul Biles meets two men who were involved in the evacuation and the aftermath of the Dunkirk landings.
A head teacher has offered his staff a 'duvet day' to help tackle a shortage of teachers, including himself and his cleaner.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Russia will not accept a ban on its Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games, saying it is "unacceptable".
A Powys town's library is to be taken over by a secondary school as part of a £1.5m savings plan.
A powerful earthquake has struck south-east Japan, hours after a powerful quake struck the same area on Thursday, causing extensive damage and causing severe shaking.
A fire has destroyed a house in Greater Manchester.
A former Lavey and Loughgall GAA footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £500,000 from a quarry firm.
A new community centre in Carmarthenshire is to open to the public.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate the deaths of dozens of civilians in Libya last year, in a report by a leading human rights group.
A symposium on the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled because of security concerns, the university has said.
A £10m vertical pier is to be built in a North Yorkshire town, the county council has announced.
Double Olympic champion Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Great North Run in a new personal best time and set a new British record in the race.
UN envoy Staffan de Mistura has said he expects formal talks between the Syrian government and opposition on a political settlement to resume on Monday.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a first world title at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow next month, despite the loss of UK Sport funding.
A teenager has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the leg in a disturbance in west Belfast.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit against the US military, alleging that women are being denied the right to serve in combat roles because of their gender.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced his resignation on 13 January 2013, it was a surprise to many Catholics.
Mae'r corff yn dweud bod wedi cael eu ddarparu gofal i gyngor Conwy yn cael ymrwymo i gefnogi pobl yn y cyflogau gwell i'r g
A fire service is investigating why it took 15 minutes for an engine to arrive at a blaze in Suffolk after it was called by a paging error.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take risks in Saturday's Test against New Zealand in Auckland and "be brave" in a bid to end a long wait for a home win.
Tranmere moved into the National League play-off places as Cole Stockton's second-half strike earned them victory over Dover at Prenton Park.
Grimsby ended a run of three straight defeats as goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers earned them victory over Accrington.
Kenyan election officials have been forced to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi to collect the results of spoiled ballots as the presidential election continues to be delayed.
Russian police have carried out raids in St Petersburg on suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult, which has been accused of carrying out deadly attacks in Japan.
Kenya's Mary Keitany Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's marathon as Bahrain's Nafissat Kirwa took silver.
A car that featured in the opening credits of the 1976 Likely Lads film has been reunited with its former owner after more than 40 years.
Britain's Jo Pavey won the women's 3,000m at the World Championships in London at the age of 33, equalling the best ever result for a British athlete at a major championships.
The resignation of the former finance minister Jonathan Bell on Monday was the latest in a series of high profile resignations from Stormont.
As Peter Morgan is found guilty of murdering his lover Georgina Symonds, who had been blackmailing him for money, the BBC's Paul Adams looks at how the case could have been avoided if he had not been diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
A new helmet designed to protect batsmen's faces following the death of Australia's Phillip Hughes in 2014 has been unveiled.
Mae dyn wedi cyfaddef i'r un cyhuddiad o fygwth i farwolaeth i ddynes yn ei char ar hyd strydoedd Caerdydd yn dilyn yn ôl at i'w
Millwall reached the League One play-off final for the first time in their history after a draw at home to Bradford City saw them progress to Wembley.
A fly-tipper who dumped a "significant quantity" of rubbish on a busy road has been fined for the offence.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that can tear away its skin in a very special way, scientists say.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $7.5bn (£5.3bn) fine in China after the country's anti-monopoly regulator ruled it broke the law.
Morocco have appointed former Ivory Coast boss Herve Renard as their new coach for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations, but the new boss faces a tough task to make the finals.
Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the best left-back in the country for Scotland despite missing out on a call-up to the national squad.
Mark Ronson has scored his first UK number one single for four years with Uptown Funk, a collaboration with Bruno Mars, following a cover version of the track by Simon Cowell's X Factor contestant.
More than a quarter of A-level students in England are studying in schools in their local authority, according to analysis of A Level figures.
EastEnders has been named best soap at the Inside Soap Awards, beating Emmerdale and EastEnders to the top prize.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £1m have been found in two buildings in Cardiff.
The deportation of a student from Wales to Sri Lanka is "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students Wales has said.
Police are investigating claims a Cardiff college may have colluded with prospective students to defraud the student finance system by falsifying academic records.
A Canadian man has been arrested after allegedly trying to smuggle drugs into the US by firing a gun at border patrol agents, US officials say.
The US rocket company SpaceX has said it will not be keeping a piece of debris found on the Isles of Scilly last month from a rocket it launched last year.
The mother of murdered toddler Caylee Anthony has said she is "not bothered" by the notoriety she has received since being acquitted of her murder in 2011.
South Korea says it has found evidence that North Korea has kept 70% of wages paid to workers at a jointly run industrial zone in the North, in a move that could lead to a diplomatic breakthrough.
Manchester City have been fined £100,000 for failing to provide accurate information about players' training sessions and player whereabouts to the Football Association.
A nursery worker has been charged with child sex offences, including rape, after being arrested on Wednesday.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas spending, according to a BBC survey.
England missed out on a place in the last 16 of the European Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final Group B game under Roy Hodgson.
A student who lost her hand in a nightclub has said she is "devastated" she could not find it after being left without it for two days.
Pako Ayestaran has been appointed Valencia head coach, with former England and Manchester United defender Gary Neville remaining as assistant.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a "miraculous recovery" after surviving by moving his head, the RSPCA has said.
US officials say they believe hackers have accessed the personal data of at least two million US government workers, including security clearances.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age to 69 to help secure the country's state pension system, the country’s central bank, the Bundesbank, has said.
Bath have signed two new players for the 2016-17 season, with the first two coming from the club's Under-20s side.
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands retained her overall lead in the Tour of Britain as she won the second stage of the women's road race on Thursday.
A woman in her 60s has died after her car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M1 in County Armagh on Saturday morning.
The shortlist for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Tuesday, with the show returning to the city where it was first held 60 years ago.
The Northern Ireland Executive's decision to appoint a new press secretary without a public announcement has been criticised by opposition politicians.
Two youths were left with burns to their faces after being attacked by a group of youths as they tried to extinguish a bonfire in Stirling.
Tennis is in a golden age, with the number of top players in the sport at record levels, and the number and quality of top tournaments at record highs.
The remains of a Gower village which was destroyed by the sea in the 1950s could be found in the sea off the coast of Gower, experts have said.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
The Syrian army's recent defeat by rebels in Aleppo has raised questions about Iran's involvement in the war, and the recent killing of four senior Iranian military officers in Syria has raised the prospect that Iran may be sending troops to the conflict.
Ian Poulter is in contention for a first European Tour victory in two years after a second round of 66 at the Qatar Masters left him three shots off the lead.
The election campaign has been a series of photo ops, photo ops and photo ops... a campaign that's been all about the cameras and the cameras, all the time.
Two Welsh cities are hoping to emulate Hull by becoming the next UK City of Culture.
The government's stake in Lloyds Banking Group has fallen below 20% for the first time since the financial crisis.
Typhoon Chan-hom has battered eastern China, bringing torrential rain and heavy rain as it continues to batter the country's east coast.
UK scientists have created a set of DNA-like molecules that can copy and pass on the genetic instructions of their natural counterparts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at the political turmoil in Kenya, where the government and opposition are locked in a bitter stand-off over electoral reform.
Police in North Dakota say they have arrested more than 100 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline in the US state.
A Japanese boy who was lost for six days in the mountains after his parents left him alone as a punishment has been found alive, after being found by a soldier.
A British soldier who carried the Olympic torch in Rio has been inundated with requests to become a Facebook friend after being nominated by the public.
Northampton Town's Ayoze Toney says he has experienced homesickness since moving to Newcastle United, but says he is enjoying his time at the club.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after being arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in a street attack in County Durham.
US authorities have dismantled a huge Mexican drug smuggling network in Arizona that was responsible for more than $2bn (Â£1.5bn) in drug sales, officials say.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2016, according to a report by the World Economic Forum.
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in her home.
Iraqi forces have retaken the airport at Mosul's western outskirts from so-called Islamic State (IS) after a fierce battle, Iraqi officials say.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International has made a bid for the Portuguese healthcare firm ESS, which is being put up for sale by its owners.
"We're in the final stage of the battle against cancer, and we're fighting a race against time."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by an innings and 88 runs at Derby.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in their history after their historic European and Premiership titles last season, says captain Mike Barritt.
A millionaire from Exeter was killed by his wife in Ukraine after she returned to the scene of his death to look for a glove, an inquest has heard.
The Twelfth of July is coming and it's not just the traditional parade season that's in the news on Sunday, with the papers reporting that Linfield are in talks with Celtic over a possible rearranged game.
Shakespeare is one of the most famous Shakespearean writers, and many people believe that he wrote the play, Hamlet, in his spare time.
Scottish teacher Hannah Inglis has opened her left eye for the first time since being seriously injured in a crash in Vietnam.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm ar ddiwedd y trafodaethau Brexit yn y etholiad yn dilyn hynny yn "
Jockey Ryan Moore will miss the rest of the season after being told by a specialist he needs "complete rest" because of a neck injury.
Plans for a site for travellers' pitches in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
A Spanish court has begun the trial of former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Rato and two former Bankia board members, including ex-banker Josep Maria Rato, over alleged tax fraud.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "very honoured" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival to mark his 20th anniversary at the meeting.
William "Plum" Smith, a former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UP) and former leader in the UVF, has died at the age of 83.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics, while four badminton players have been cleared to compete.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a "good partner" with Egypt's new president, as she arrived in Cairo to help stabilise the country's democracy.
A man has been found dead at the bottom of a water trench at an underground water works.
Nato has condemned Russia's reported deployment of cruise missiles to its easternmost territory, saying it is "deeply concerned" by the move.
Wigan Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions centre Sam Hopkins for the remainder of the season.
Oxford United and Newport County shared the spoils after a draw at Rodney Parade.
A new system that allows trainee doctors to experience the inside of a GP's office has been launched in Aberdeen.
A documentary by Keanu Reeves and Chris Kenneally examining the impact of digital film on the industry has been released on Netflix, and features a Who's Who of Hollywood's biggest film-makers.
A bird has been caught on camera "photobombing" a photographer at a railway station in Wales.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has told his players that they will not be allowed to play for other clubs next season.
A former Hull City of Culture company boss has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish retailer H&M is to open its first High Street brand stores in London and launch a new fashion brand in Europe.
A tomato growers' show is to test the quality of a new class of plant to ensure it is not a rogue type.
A children's TV channel has been nominated for three Bafta Children's Awards, including one for its short film about refugee children, while Horrible Histories has been shortlisted for two.
The Champions League final is on Wednesday and the winners of the Europa League and Champions League will be crowned in the next few days.
The Bank of England has published the results of its annual stress test for UK banks, which will assess their ability to withstand a new global economic crisis.
Paris St-Germain have signed Roma defender Marquinhos for a fee of £25m, making him the second most expensive defender in the world at the age of 23.
A man has been charged after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 in Kent, causing a serious injury to a motorcyclist.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in the Borders.
The mother of a British man who tried to shoot Donald Trump has said her son is "terrified" of his sentence after he admitted trying to grab a gun at a US rally.
Online publishers have expressed concern that they may be bound by Apple's forthcoming news app, despite not agreeing to the terms of the deal.
Legislation to tackle cyberbullying is needed to help tackle the problem, the chief executive of the Welsh National Union of Teachers has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug in Paisley was in a "frightened state" when he was taken to hospital and suffered a "blunt force trauma" which would not have happened had he not taken the drug, an inquiry has heard.
A fire which forced the evacuation of dozens of homes in West Lothian in the early hours of the morning was caused by a deliberate arson attack, police have said.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes against militant hideouts in the north-western tribal region of Khyber tribal region, following an attack by the Pakistani Taliban on Sunday.
A US judge has ordered the Trump Organization to release details of who has visited the president's New York golf resort, the Trump National Doral resort, since he took office.
All photographs courtesy of the WWF...
A man who sexually assaulted a woman in a Kent street in the early hours of New Year's Day has been jailed for four years.
A new approach to hacking the nerves of the body could lead to a new class of miniaturised medicines, according to a British company.
A motorcyclist has died and a nine-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash in east London.
Police have launched a major search operation for a missing Ayrshire man who has been missing since Saturday night.
The House of Commons Speaker has ruled that Labour is the official opposition leader after the SNP failed to get its case for a formal challenge to be heard.
A private equity firm has ruled itself out of the formal takeover process for the Scottish investment firm Alliance Trust.
Edinburgh's bid for a first win in four matches ended in a dramatic overtime defeat by Munster as Ian Keatley's late drop-goal failed to beat the hosts.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply after reports that the supermarket group may be forced to sell its Booker business to wholesaler Asda for £1.3bn.
European gas prices have risen sharply on concerns that a possible supply cut to Ukraine could lead to a global supply disruption, sending the price of the fuel to a record high.
Ipswich Town boss Mick McCarthy has described Christophe Berra as the best defender in the Championship this season.
Formula 1 bosses are keen to have a clear design for the driver's head protection system in place by 1 July, when the 2017 season starts.
A drug used in psychiatry and psychiatry may be able to extend the life of animals and potentially prevent conditions such as Parkinson's disease, according to University College London (UCL) researchers.
A group of about 20 children from the Jungle migrant camp in Calais are to be moved to a temporary home in Devon, the BBC understands.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Vladimir Isturiz, has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum, as the opposition prepares to submit signatures for a vote.
The Rugby Players' Association has called for Premiership Rugby to reconsider plans to extend the domestic season to 10 months, saying it will put players under "incredible strain".
A yellow "be aware" warning of severe weather has been issued for Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 150km/hr forecast for Thursday morning.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize winner, has said she will "never forget" the 219 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in Nigeria in 2014.
Derbyshire made a solid start to their day-night Championship match against Glamorgan as they reached a modest total of 187-5 on the opening day of the first day- night match of the pink-ball season at Derby.
A man who was found dead in a park in Hyde Park in London has been named by police.
A fault with the world's largest passenger ferry has forced the withdrawal of a service between Stornoway and Ullapool after passengers were delayed by a fault with a ventilation fan.
A woman who was raped in the 1970s has written to the director of public prosecutions, Alison Saunders, to ask for an investigation into the decision to drop the case.
Tunisia and Morocco have been drawn together in the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying draw after a long-running dispute with the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
France produced a stunning display to thrash England and end the hosts' World Cup campaign with a crushing victory in the quarter-finals.
Great Britain's first taekwondo teenager to be offered a place in the national team has been selected for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
A petition signed by more than 1.5 million people calling for a harsher sentence for a US college swimmer who sexually assaulted a woman has been handed in to the US state of California's governor.
A new visitor centre is to be built at Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) with a £3.5m budget, the Yorkshire Scenic Trust (Y SP) has announced.
The front pages of Scotland's newspapers have been dominated by the SNP's election victory as the polls closed in the early hours of the morning.
A fire at a disused railway line in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately set, police have said.
Scunthorpe United have signed midfielder Jordan Rhodes on a one-year contract after he was released by Bradford City.
Former police chief David Anglesea is to launch an appeal against his conviction for child sex abuse, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said it will vote for the UK to remain in the European Union in the referendum on the country's membership.
French actress Michelele Morgan, who won the Cannes Film Festival's Palme d'Or in 1946 and was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1949, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of EU countries meeting in Brussels have agreed on a plan to tackle the migrant crisis, but there are still major hurdles to overcome.
The opening of a new £1.2bn bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed by six months to May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre, the latest in a series of sinkholes to appear in the city centre.
A new £20m university campus has opened its doors to the public in a North Yorkshire seaside town.
Work has begun to restore a section of the Swansea Canal which has been closed to the public for decades.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first gourmet burger chain, has been bought by the owner of Nando's.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game ban for his conduct during the Morton match after a hearing into a complaint against Greenock Morton assistant manager Jim Duffy was postponed.
England's World Twenty20 quarter-final win over Sri Lanka was a great win and, as the final match of the group stage, it was a match that showed the quality of the team that can reach the semi-finals.
It's a video game that's so big and ambitious it's almost impossible to imagine it could ever be made by a single person.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Katherine Glover won Olympic gold medals for Great Britain on day five of the Games, as Katherine Stanning and Joanna Glover became the first British women to win rowing gold.
Great Britain's America's Cup challengers suffered a third defeat in four days as they lost their third race of the America's Cups qualifiers in Bermuda.
When the Pro12's chief executive Dave Dodson and chief executive Jim Browne were discussing the future of the competition in Dublin last month, the conversation was not about the future for the competition.
When Alfred Russel Wallace was alive, he was one of the most famous British scientists of his time and was described as the "great visionary" behind the theory of evolution by natural selection.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Munster with a hard-fought victory over Scarlets at the RDS.
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death by bringing him to schools and universities around the world has been launched by the British Council.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in federal funds to help police departments across the country improve relations with black communities.
Bombardier has announced that it has won a contract to build the CS300 jet for the Canadian Air Force.
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to cancel school in the city after receiving a bomb threat, saying it was the "right thing to do".
Northern Ireland's women suffered a shock defeat by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Under-19 Euro 2017 finals in Belfast on Wednesday night.
Belfast Giants have signed former NHL forward Dustin Johner on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has admitted it has "misrepresented" the number of premises connected to its Project Lightning broadband scheme.
Arriva Trains has said it has had to cancel some of its trains for the past two weeks because of maintenance work.
David Cameron must "unilaterally" abandon his pledge to cut net migration to 100,000 if he wins the EU referendum, a Labour MP has said, as the prime minister said it would be "impossible" to do so.
When theatre director Sergei Bogdanov was taken to court in 1980 for staging a play in which a Roman soldier was attempted to rape a young Druid, he says he felt like he had been "the victim of a witch hunt".
A race in a Berkshire street has seen more than 1,000 people compete in a race up a hill made famous by a Ridley Scott film.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated a further $10.5bn (£6.4bn) to charity, the third time he has given away his shares in the software giant.
A UKIP member who has backed anti-Islam campaigner Diane Waters in her bid to become the party's next leader has said he will not be voting for her in the leadership contest.
When you are a world-class athlete, it is hard to imagine not being able to train for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Lithuania's Natalia Meilutyte set a new European record in the 100m backstroke semi-final to qualify for the final of the World Championships.
Bristol City moved three points off the Championship play-off places as they beat Ipswich Town to move up to 11th in the table.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the national squad after being arrested in Cardiff following an incident in the city.
UK manufacturing firms are more pessimistic than at any time since the financial crisis, with uncertainty over Brexit the biggest risk to their outlook, a survey has found.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a public game at Upton Park between the club's men's and women's teams.
People on benefits are living in "constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlements, according to a study of the Scottish government's welfare reforms.
Two accountants who were banned from the Oscars after handing the wrong envelope to the presenters at Sunday's ceremony have been given extra protection, it has been reported.
A union representing Tata Steel workers in Port Talbot has said it is concerned about the future of the company's European operation.
Theresa May has told EU leaders she wants to see the issue of the status of UK citizens living in Europe dealt with in the early part of Brexit talks, Downing Street has said.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 European politicians and intelligence chiefs it says it has banned from entering the country, including senior officials from Britain, France, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands.
Two rival gangs in Honduras have announced a truce, in what is believed to be the first such agreement in Central America since the civil war in the country's capital, Tegucigalpa, in the 1980s.
GoPro's chief executive has announced that the firm is to launch a drone that can carry its cameras.
Plans to cut school transport subsidies for children in Gloucestershire have been shelved after councillors said they had been "cut too far".
Tiger Woods is back in action for the first time in 17 months at the Dubai Desert Classic, but the tournament will not be the only one where the world's number one golfer is back on the front foot.
The government is failing to fully understand the impact of local authority funding cuts in England, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez and Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce say they will have to fight "right to the wire" to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Snooker star Mark Lee has been fined for fraud after failing to send a snooker cue worth £1,600 to a fan who paid for it.
A US woman accused of child sex offences against a 15-year-old girl in Wrexham has had her case against her dropped.
Samsung, LG and other phone manufacturers have said they will begin rolling out security updates for Android phones on Monday.
A woman who killed her own baby by taking a drug which caused her to miscarry has been jailed for six years.
England sealed a 3-0 one-day series win over West Indies with a seven-wicket victory in the fifth and final match in Antigua to complete a 3/1 series victory.
Former Olympic heptathlon champion Jo Sotherton says she is "open to the discussion" of rewriting world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol have gone on "black alert" because of a rise in demand and a shortage of beds.
David Cameron has said he wants to work "very closely" with China despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister's late goal earned Eastleigh a draw against Aldershot at the New Lawn as both sides were held to a draw in the National League.
Police are investigating a number of vandalism incidents in which cars were targeted in the north of Edinburgh.
At least five people have been killed and thousands of homes have been left without power after days of severe weather in New South Wales (NSW), Australia.
The idea of a space suit company is a bold one: to design a suit that could one day be worn inside a private space capsule.
Italian police have arrested dozens of people accused of running a mafia-linked money-spreading operation at an immigrant centre that was allegedly being used to feed and feed migrants.
A Florida man has been found guilty of killing his wife and posting a picture of her dead body on Facebook, saying he wanted to "show off his anger".
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Alex Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
The use of private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to figures obtained by Labour.
India's Supreme Court has rejected a challenge by Vodafone to a tax case brought by the country's tax authorities.
Ole Solskjaer is a legend in Norway but how will he fare in the Premier League?
Asian markets have fallen sharply after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut interest rates and extended its stimulus programme, but did not increase its monthly bond purchases.
The Casement Park stadium project is "behind schedule" and needs to address two key issues before it can make progress, a report has said.
A scheme to encourage people to get off their cars and onto bicycles in Dumfries has been dropped after it failed to increase rental levels.
Tributes have been paid to Joel Richards, one of the British victims of the Tunisia beach attack, who was killed in a gun attack.
A North Korean man arrested in Malaysia over the death of Kim Jong-nam has said he will not be charged over the killing, and accused the authorities of trying to extract a confession.
Two teenagers who stole a vicar's car in a "shocking attack" in broad daylight have been detained.
Scotland prop Alex Hamilton has been left out of Vern Cotter's World Cup squad after being dropped by the national team.
England's Jason Lewis won gold in the men's long jump at the Commonwealth Games as he beat Australia's James Cutts in a dramatic finish in Glasgow.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has deleted its Twitter account after it was flooded with memes and jokes about the death of Harambe, the gorilla that was shot dead last month.
China's economy grew 6.8% in 2015, its slowest pace since 2009, official figures have shown, as the country continues to slow down its economic growth.
Scientists have developed a battery which resembles the structure of the small intestine.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he is confident his players will not be sold this summer despite speculation linking them with moves away from the Premier League champions.
The Church of England has appointed its first woman bishop, the Reverend Anne Lane, from Greater Manchester.
Oldham Athletic scored twice in the final 10 minutes to beat 10-man Wigan Athletic and secure a 2-1 win in the first game of the new League One season.
Swindon Town's record signing Luke Ayling has been released by the club after leaving the team before Saturday's defeat by Barnsley.
A police watchdog is to investigate the initial response of officers to a fatal stabbing in Fife.
A postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold in honour of the Olympic gold medal-winning team from Team GB.
England's bowlers struggled to take control of the second Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong as Bangladesh took control on day two.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have accepted a new offer from the city's bus company in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A procession will be held in Fife to mark the 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge in Firth of Forth on Saturday, with a special ceremony and fireworks display.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested the US could withdraw from Nato, in a move that would make the alliance's members less reliable.
Flood prevention measures which work with nature should be rolled out across the UK, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann will miss Saturday's match against Real Madrid after suffering a foot injury in training.
A gull has been shot dead in a "mindless act of cruelty" after being found on a farm in the Borders.
Asian stock markets have risen on Friday, following a strong lead from Wall Street, where US shares closed higher on Thursday.
Police in the western Indian state of Gujarat say they have arrested seven men who tried to kill themselves in the state's western state of Rajasthan.
Former footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan are among the latest victims of phone hacking to have received settlements from the media company at the centre of the scandal.
Researchers have worked out how monarch butterflies navigate the 2,000-mile (3,000km) journey they make from monarch butterflies' UK home to Mexico every year.
The University of Aberdeen has unveiled a new £1.5m computer which it says is the UK's most powerful.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the people demand it, in his first public comments since last week's failed coup.
A couple who spent more than 20 years restoring a Tornado jet used in the Gulf War are selling it for £1,000.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected after a close vote.
Surfers have been heading to a popular beach in Portugal after a storm that battered Scotland brought huge swells to the sea off Scotland.
Eden Hazard scored twice as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final World Cup warm-up game in Brussels.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha says his side are "feeling freedom" after a successful start to life in the top flight, but insists they still have a "long journey" ahead.
Northern Ireland's universities are warning that there is a shortage of local graduates who speak languages to fill jobs in the tech sector.
A giant steel arch has been moved into place to form a protective shield around the damaged Chernobyl nuclear reactor 30 years after the world's worst nuclear disaster.
Police have said they are unable to find the driver of a car that hit Tour de France champion Chris Froome's bike after a verbal fight in France.
The new Northern Ireland Assembly will be taking on a number of new powers in 2015.
A fire which destroyed a former textile mill in Bradford has been described as "emotional" by Historic England.
Cambridge City Council has said it has no concerns about bunting knitted by knitters to decorate the city's streets for the Tour de France.
An Indian religious leader has said that allowing women into a Hindu temple could lead to an increase in rape incidents, reports say.
A girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang of men in Rotherham was "turned into an animal" and "turned from a lovely girl to an animal", a court has heard.
A father has described how he ran to the aid of a newborn baby girl found dead in a bus stop and gave her a "hard rubs on the chest and head" before she opened her eyes and took her first breath.
A UKIP candidate's chef was stopped by the Border Agency while he was serving dinner at a restaurant in Dorset, after his employer claimed he had been working illegally for the past five years.
An Australian research ship that ran aground in the Antarctic has been moved to a remote research station, with the rest of its crew evacuated.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht that capsized off the County Antrim coast.
Deutsche Bank and Santander have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests, the country's central bank has said.
A fund set up in memory of MP Jo Cox has passed £100,000 in donations, with more than £1m raised in the first 24 hours.
Online grocer Ocado has reported its first annual profit in five years, helped by a surge in sales and a tie-up with Morrisons.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says the team can end a long wait for a first major tournament finals appearance after reaching the last two games of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Welsh and Irish ministers are meeting to discuss the issue of the Irish border after Brexit.
A World War Two flare found on a beach in the Australian state of New South Wales is believed to be a World War II bomb, police have said.
Scotland's number one squash player Chloe Adderley has won her first national title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson has resigned from the party to take up a post as a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
A police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province has been attacked by Taliban militants, killing at least one person and wounding several others, officials say.
The proportion of pupils who continue in education, get a job or secure training after leaving school has risen for the second year in a row, according to new figures.
The human race faces a "near certainty" of disaster in the next 10,000 years, according to the world's leading physicist, Prof Stephen Hawking.
England's Tommy Fleetwood is in a three-way tie for the lead with Brian Harman after the second round of the US Open, as the American shot the lowest score in the tournament's history.
A study in Germany suggests that women in headscarves are more likely to be invited for interview for jobs than women with the same name and name but not wearing a headscarf.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his poor start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix, saying he is in the "most solid place" he has been in his career.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in Mexico City calling for the country's president to legalise same-sex marriage.
Three men and two teenagers have been arrested following the Celtic v Aberdeen match at Pittodrie on Friday night.
A man who raped a woman over a 10-year period and attacked her with a baseball bat, knife and bottle has been jailed for eight years.
The number of young people in England and Wales owning their own home has fallen by more than a third in the past 20 years, according to a survey.
The family of a soldier who was found dead at a military barracks in Surrey 20 years ago have said they are "relieved" after a fresh inquest into his death was ordered.
The family feud between the children of Singapore's founding father Lee Kuan Yew has exposed a rift in the country's political establishment, amid a debate over the level of commemoration of his legacy.
A bag designed by three Dundee students has been fitted with a voice-controlled credit card which plays a series of "shouting" messages when you take it out of the bag.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a former boarding school.
Harlequins have signed Wasps scrum-half Alex Jackson as their new number eight ahead of the 2016-17 season.
Worcestershire's County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
A fire on an Italian ferry has caused it to sink off the Spanish island of Mallorca, with more than 200 people feared to have been killed, Spanish officials say.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim last week have made a number of arrests and made a third appeal for information about a car found burnt out in Belfast on Thursday.
A Caerphillyshire meat firm has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for selling frozen meat which had been several years past its use by date.
When Jean-Claude Godin's father lost his business in the US in the 1970s, the young entrepreneur was left with no choice but to start his own company.
A £1m lottery winner has been identified but no-one has come forward to claim their prize.
A French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has admitted selling supplies to migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean in a trade that could lead to disaster, French media report.
Scottish UKIP MEP Tom Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the party if asked to lead it if he was asked by colleagues.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a transgender coach to prepare for his new film role as Einar Elbe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Grand Prix in the first round by Mark Holt after losing a deciding frame in Cardiff.
London's Tube is to trial badges for disabled and sick passengers to warn them of the number of people with disabilities or medical conditions on the network.
Featherstone Rovers forward Joe Pick and Castleford hooker Jason Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances.
About 100 churches in Nigeria's biggest city, Lagos, have been shut down for failing to reduce noise levels, as part of a crackdown on noise in the city.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon and secure their first win in the Irish Premiership since April.
As a GP and a member of the Dying Matters Coalition, I want to encourage people to talk more openly about dying and to make plans around end-of-life care.
Rangers have raised more than £22m from fans and institutional investors after the club's share issue.
The Indian state of Kashmir has banned lavish weddings in the region, in a move aimed at curbing the "over-indulgence" of the wealthy.
The Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill has died at the age of 60 after a long illness, the newspaper has announced.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football.
Angela Merkel is a tough, determined and determined woman.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that a lost Dark Age kingdom may have been based in Galloway.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are in a three-way tie for the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Connecticut.
Omar Al-Hussein is the first player from his home town to reach the Scottish Cup fifth round.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% next year to pay for social care, a survey suggests.
A company that provided ambulances for a patient transport service in Sussex has said it has not been paid for six months.
US striker Alex Morgan has signed for French champions Lyon on a two-year contract after leaving Women's Super League One side Orlando Pride.
Britain's Hannah Cheshire missed out on a place in the final of the slopestyle World Cup slopesteering event in the US, despite scoring an impressive 87.80 in her heat.
WBA world champion Nicola Adams has called for the World Boxing Council to change its rules to allow longer rounds in women's boxing.
Sevilla remain on course for a third consecutive Europa League title after a dramatic draw in Ukraine kept alive their hopes of winning a third successive title.
The US military commander in Ukraine, General Breedlove, has said that Russia's military presence in Crimea is "unprecedented" and that it poses a threat to the entire Black Sea region.
It's like being a child again..
A dog called Ludwig is a "pup" who is so smart he can play the piano.
Sinn Féin has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has lost the run of themselves over the botched heating scheme that has cost taxpayers £490m.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down after a report into the handling of child abuse in Rotherham found the force missed opportunities to tackle the issue.
The number of people in Wales with diabetes is rising at an "alarming rate" and could reach nearly 300,000 by 2025, a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Poland international defender Tomasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
A dispute over fees charged by cash machines is to be resolved in a series of meetings between the operators of the UK's cash machines network, the LINK network.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that a $681m (£400m) donation to Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak was made to help his coalition win the 2013 election, and was not a donation from the Saudi royal family.
Chris Eubank Jr will make his first fight since his father Chris' controversial defeat by Chris Blackwell when he fights Jamie Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police have seized more than 1,300 life jackets that failed to meet safety standards, in the wake of a series of migrant boat disasters.
A man who was involved in a fight with a group of Southend United fans at a League One match has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have won the English Open men's doubles for the fourth time.
Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Sheffield United.
Robert Lewandowski was taken off on a stretcher after being hit by a ball thrown by a fan during Poland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania.
A school in Australia has been given the chance to design a national park in the virtual world.
An agreement has been reached to end a dispute over the minimum wage for workers on Northern Isles cargo boats, the Scottish government has said.
Ospreys centre Vereniki Goneva is set to return from injury for the Boxing Day Pro12 game against Scarlets at Liberty Stadium.
Former trainer David Ackerman has been reinstated to his six-month ban after his appeal against his ban was rejected.
Nato has formally ended its 10-year mission in Afghanistan, ending the longest-running military operation in the world.
Two refugees have been praised for helping a German far-right nationalist party member who was injured in a car crash, after he was hit by a car in a protest against the migrant crisis.
A man has died and three people have been injured in a crash in Nottingham.
Theresa May has been accused of having a "tin ear" on Brexit by the first minister, as he called for more "partnership working" between Wales and the UK government.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been named as the new England and Wales Cricket Board chief executive.
The family of a man killed in a crash caused by a speeding driver have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers, as a campaign by road safety charity Brake calls for a minimum 10-year jail sentence.
Two sheep have been rescued by police after being found wandering around a garden in west Belfast.
Greece has published a list of reforms it wants to make as part of its bailout deal with its international creditors.
A public consultation has begun on the future of Gloucester's former prison site.
Fearne Cotton has presented her final BBC Radio 1 show, playing her final show on Sunday.
England scrum-half Tom Watson has been charged with two offences after being sent off in Bath's defeat by Saracens in the Premiership on Saturday.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham Town thrashed Woking to extend their unbeaten run to seven games.
Archaeologists have discovered ancient Chinese dice and tiles from a game of "bo" in a tomb.
Dani Alves says he would have joined Rangers even if the club had not played in European competition this season, despite his new club's failure to qualify for the group stage.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in September, as producer prices continued to fall, adding to concerns about the health of the economy.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" by the recovery time for defender Jazz Richards after he suffered a calf injury.
A device on the Virgin Galactic space plane that crashed last week, killing one pilot, may have been activated accidentally, according to investigators.
The Iraqi government has declared victory over Islamic State in Mosul, but the battle for the city is far from over.
Honey bees are suffering from an "epileptic" brain decline if they are exposed to two common pesticides, according to research published in two scientific papers.
A new £10m research centre for marine energy research is to be set up at the University of Ulster after the Northern Ireland Department of Economy received £5m in funding.
Egyptian officials say they have found evidence that the pyramids of Giza may have been heating up and cooling down differently during the sun's rays.
A World War Two bomb found in a quarry is to be detonated in a controlled explosion, police have said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and attempted sale of model Chloe Ayling.
Prank TV shows have become a popular feature of Ramadan, but are also criticised for taking things too far, as the BBC's Nour Abdelhadi reports.
General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in a new plant in Ontario, Canada, creating up to 1,000 jobs.
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been laid to rest at the city's Etobicoke Cemetery, where he was buried on Monday.
A police officer has rescued a fox cub from a locked car in Edinburgh after the animal became trapped in the engine bay.
The distinctive Scots accent has undergone changes over the past century, according to a new study.
A cathedral in Surrey which is under threat of demolition is set to be saved after raising £5.5m to pay for repairs and improvements.
She plays a no-nonsense politician in a hit US TV series, but Robin Wright has used her role in the show to fight for equal pay for women, and has been successful in her fight.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes ending the day little changed.
Unpaid internships should be banned in the UK, MPs have said in a report.
The Scottish government has announced funding for a project to help cut the cost of offshore wind turbines for Scotland's waters.
A pregnant woman accused of helping 12 people smuggle 12 people into the UK in a van has told a court she had "no idea" they were being smuggled in.
Fidel Castro's Cuba was the first Communist state in the western hemisphere to be formed by a single-party state, and it was the only one to survive the Cold War.
England's Alastair Cook will be a "great player" after his "outstanding" series win in India, says former Australia captain Michael Clarke.
A cat has been shot in the leg with an air gun in a "alarming incident" in West Lothian, the Scottish SPCA has said.
The rainbow flag has been flown at Stormont for the first time since the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) took power at Stormstoun in January.
A Labour MEP is to take up a top role at a global body that advises companies on how they report on their activities.
A group claiming to be the "hacktivists" of HBO has released a Game of Thrones script and other material stolen from the broadcaster.
Police have launched an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company, a children's charity in London.
Actor Morgan Freeman is to be honoured with a lifetime achievement award from the American Film Institute (AFI) for his "outstanding contribution to the world of film".
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war.
Royal Bank of Scotland has failed the latest European stress test of banks, which examined the impact of a 7% economic decline on their finances.
The Isle of Wight's historic chain ferry service is to be changed to allow passengers and vehicles to disembark separately.
Wakefield Wildcats centre Joe Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club, with the option of a further year.
A new divorce form has been criticised for asking people to name the person they believe their spouse has committed adultery with.
A female golden eagle has returned to a nature reserve in the Highlands for a second season in a row.
If you leave your mobile phone somewhere you worry you will not be able to find it when you return.
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that US Jews helped Donald Trump win the presidential election by donating to both his rivals and his own party.
A fire on a Tube train caused a major disruption at Oxford Circus station in London on Saturday morning.
Egyptian police and military officers are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees, the Egyptian human rights group, the National Coalition for Human Rights, says.
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "fired up" for next season after a season that has seen the Glasgow club's fortunes change dramatically.
The UK's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show, as wage growth slowed to its slowest pace in more-than a year.
A Derren Brown segment on UK TV which featured the illusionist asphyxiating himself has been banned from being broadcast before the watershed.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty retained his Olympic 50m breaststroke title with a stunning display to win gold in Rio in a new world record time.
The freckle on a child abuser's finger was the key to his capture - and the key that led to the arrest of a paedophile who was caught after he was caught in the UK.
What do you expect when you spend a week living in a space capsule that's been designed to simulate being on Mars?
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in Winnipeg, Canada, that left a lawyer seriously injured.
Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County after the player was released by the club following their relegation from the Premiership.
The bodies of three Italian journalists and their crew have been found in eastern Libya, two months after they were kidnapped by Islamist militants, the Libyan government says.
Britain's Hannah Lucas won the Para-cycling World Cup Series in Canada for the second year in a row with victory in the women's singles at the Toronto regatta.
Students should be offered binding contracts to ensure they get the best possible education, says Universities Minister Boris Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence given to an Indian navy officer on spying charges by Pakistan, saying it is "unacceptable" and "unjust".
A suicide bomber has killed at least 16 people in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, in a blast at a busy port area, officials say.
A man has been released from a house in west Belfast after being held at knifepoint by a man who broke into the property.
More than 1,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting offences in the UK in the past year, with more than 1.5 million calls to the RSPCA made to the animal welfare charity in the last year, the League Against Cruel Sports has said.
A court in Myanmar has charged 65 people with criminal offences, including some of the most prominent young Burmese activists, in connection with clashes with police.
A Birmingham Islamic high school has defended its "proper respect" for women after Ofsted inspectors found it had failed to show "proportionate respect" to its female governor.
A "miserable and depraved" paedophile who raped and sexually abused a woman in Denbighshire has been jailed for 12 years.
Morecambe came from behind to beat Cambridge United and end the U's 10-game unbeaten run in League Two.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested by police investigating a serious sexual offence in County Londonderry.
Cardiff City midfielder Aled Jones is set to miss the visit of Preston North End on Sunday after suffering a fresh injury setback.
Teachers in England and Wales need a pay rise to help them recruit and retain the best and the brightest, say six teaching unions.
A small earthquake has been detected near a fracking site in Lancashire, prompting the suspension of tests for shale gas.
The Scottish National Gallery has opened a new exhibition of works by one of the world's most influential artists, Michelangelo Caravaggio.
Apple has added a new security feature to its iCloud service that will prevent cyber-thieves from accessing data from the account even if the user has not previously used it.
The family of the British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed while reporting on the Syrian conflict, has filed a lawsuit against President Bashar al-Assad's family.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed by a family dog which also seriously injured his 22-month old brother, an inquest has heard.
Scotland's sport funding body has warned that the budget for grassroots sports could be cut by £10m by the end of next year.
The health of mothers-to-be and their babies is being put at risk by eating an unhealthy diet during pregnancy, according to a major European project.
A hoard of Bronze Age weapons found on the Isle of Coll in Argyll has been described as the largest discovery of its kind in the west of Scotland for many years.
A teenager has been assaulted and stamped on by two people on a train in Glasgow.
A teacher has been arrested on suspicion of having a large number of sexually explicit images of underage girls on his computer.
Beyonce has been named the world's highest-paid artist of 2013, taking home an estimated $100m (£66.5m) in earnings, according to Forbes.
A World Cup medal won by Brazil's Pele has sold for £130,000 at auction in London.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia after it emerged that Australian spy agencies spied on the phone calls of its president, in a row over alleged spying.
A video has emerged purporting to show the summary killing of at least 70 Syrian government soldiers by rebels in a town in the north of the country, activists say.
Organic farming can help protect farmland biodiversity by increasing the number of wild plants and wildlife, a study in France suggests.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government has raised the rate of the levy it is charging on the debts of the UK's banks, from 0.088% to 0.075%, in an attempt to help deal with the budget deficit.
Bond prices have risen for the first time in more than six months, as investors react to Donald Trump's election victory in the US.
Tesco has reported its first growth in sales for three years, as it continues to cut prices and boost its food and drink business.
A driver who was caught speeding at 70mph (113km/h) in a 50mph (85km/hr) zone in Dorset was trying to find a Sam Smith song on You tube, police have said.
Dame Judi Dench has revealed she is struggling to read scripts because of the damage caused by a degenerative eye condition, but has no plans to retire from acting.
A bus was left stranded on a farm muck heap after being driven down a "no-through road" and ignored a "No unauthorised vehicles" sign, a farmer has said.
The Great Australian Eclipse of 2016 was visible from the Australian outback on 21 August 2016.
A policy which would see everyone in the UK receive a basic income regardless of whether they work or not is "worrying" for Wales, a leading economist has said.
Two north Wales hospitals have improved their food hygiene ratings after being criticised for poor hygiene following a rise in C.diff infections.
The Welsh parties are still digesting their election defeat and are beginning to assess what went wrong.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station could be used as a test site for a new type of reactor, according to the Welsh government.
The House of Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed Australian David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Lords.
A group of MPs have called for the legalisation of medical cannabis after a seven-month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug.
Tunisians have voted in a run-off election for a new president, in the first since the 2011 uprising that led to the overthrow of long-serving leader Zine el-Abedine Ben Ali.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign midfielder Barry Bannigan from Dundee United, with the player set to join the Firhill club next season.
Accountancy firms have rejected claims that they are helping companies to avoid tax by using tax havens, in a hearing in London.
The HPV vaccine has had a "massive" impact on cervical cancer cases in Scotland, according to a new study.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he had talks with Aston Villa about becoming their manager in the summer of 2015.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian-born former member of the Nazi death squad during World War Two, saying he was complicit in war crimes.
Small businesses in Scotland are more digitally savvy than their counterparts in the UK, according to a new report.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in pharmaceutical and tech firms, after a survey showed a pick-up in US services sector activity.
A 19-year-old man who raped a 15-year old girl in a park has been jailed for eight years.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given a "substantial" ultimatum to avoid any further collisions between their cars after their collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Russia has blocked more than 100 pornography websites, saying they "spread pornography".
A former home of explorer Gertrude Bell and a former boarding school for children of comedians Tom O'Connor and Johnny Vegas are among the top 10 Victorian buildings in England in need of help.
Iraq is holding elections on Sunday, with the Shia-dominated government facing a tough challenge from the Sunni-led opposition.
French far-right politician Marine Maréchal-Le Pen is to step down from her parliamentary seat, according to the French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he was relieved to be given a place in the starting XV for Friday's Six Nations match against England.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were damaged in a series of attacks at a Tesco branch in Flintshire.
A coastal railway line could be hit by up to 120 accidents a year by 2040, according to a new report.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers who missed high speed rail services between Dover and London after cracks appeared in the sea wall at the station.
The first day of Glastonbury has begun with a heavy downpour, but the festival has moved on to the Park Stage, where the first day's acts have been taking place.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has accused the leader of Labour in the assembly of "aggressive" language during a Brexit debate.
I am leaving my job as a BBC business correspondent to become a freelance presenter and I have announced that I will be moving to a new role as a freelance journalist.
Nottingham Forest have signed Lazio's Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season.
Victoria Jones was just a few weeks into her pregnancy when she was told by a doctor that she and her husband, Nicky, were going to have a baby.
A father has had to put his "zombified" green buggy up for sale on eBay after it attracted more than £200,000 in bids.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to rig a key interest rate used to set global lending rates.
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from Super League side Hull Kingston Rovers on a two-year deal from next season.
A seven-day NHS in England would be a "good aspiration" but not a "credible" way of improving services, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins should be selected for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Triathlon Series event in Australia, says fellow Briton Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has been asked to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio.
Microsoft founder Paul Allen has announced plans to launch his own spaceplane, in a bid to take private space tourism into the stratosphere.
A legal challenge to three offshore wind farms in the North Sea has been successful.
A Fife man has admitted raping and sexually abusing two young girls in Fife.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street on Saturday night.
South Sudan's civil war has become the world's worst refugee crisis, with thousands fleeing their homes to escape the violence and persecution of civilians.
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes is targeting a Scottish Cup final place and second place in the Premiership after his side's 3-0 defeat by Rangers.
A ram who has been the mascot of a Derbyshire regiment for more than a decade has been promoted to the highest rank in the army.
Islamic State (IS) militants have attacked a shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, near the border with Syria, killing at least three people, officials say.
Binge-watching is the word of the year in the Collins English Dictionary, with lexicographers saying it has seen a "huge rise" in usage in the past year.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has been sacked by the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) after the team's humiliating World Cup exit.
Hospitals in England are paying hundreds of millions of pounds a year for cancer drugs that are not available on the NHS, according to research presented at the World Cancer Conference in London.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African leadership has not been announced, seven years after the prize was launched by the former UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon.
A Met Office amber warning for strong winds across Scotland on Friday and Saturday has been issued for the Western Isles.
Olivier-winning actress Michelle Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, the theatre has announced.
A mother who has been missing from her home in Cardiff for more than a week with her two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well.
It's a rule of thumb that if you're a successful actor or singer, you're likely to have a big break in the industry.
A Banksy mural that was removed from an auction after it was removed following protests is to be sold at auction for Â£100,000.
Revenues from gambling in the Chinese territory of Macau have fallen sharply in the third quarter of the year, as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending by officials has hit the city's economy.
India's prestigious Sahitya Akademi has condemned the killing of rationalists and other writers in recent weeks, in a statement issued by the institution.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a university that has been set up for "disadvantaged, disabled and mature students" to be saved.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Swansea man John Warburton, who has been missing for more than a month.
Britain's Simon Yates dropped out of the race leader's yellow jersey as Peter Sagan won stage five of the Tour de France.
Liverpool midfielder James Milner has been released by England after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Arsenal will have to replay for a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals after being held to a goalless draw by Hull City at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed legal papers accusing Samsung of infringing its patents.
Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, the son of Col Muammar Gaddafi, was a valuable and valuable political asset, a symbol of defiance and a symbolically significant moment in the war against the Libyan regime.
A man has died and a girl has been injured after a car crashed into a tree, leaving the driver dead and the girl in the back.
The UK government has said it is "confident" that a deal will be reached on the fiscal framework for new tax powers for Scotland by 19 February.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has said there is "every evidence" of an increase in militarisation in the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of "turning his back and run away" after the government postponed a vote on fox-hunting.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking for a split inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire to be split into two parts to speed up the investigation.
Ospreys have signed Wales tight head coach Brian Mujati from South Africa's Lions.
A British backpacker who went missing while climbing a mountain in Vietnam has been found injured but in a stable condition, his girlfriend has said.
Tributes have been paid to Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson at a memorial service for the club's "legendary" former president.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant and could give birth at the end of the month, the zoo has said.
A campaign to find the UK's national bird has been launched by a bird enthusiast who wants the public to vote for their favourite.
Austrian police have arrested a man who they say is a Nazi lookalike who has been spotted in the town where Adolf Hitler was born.
A man has died after being stabbed in the chest in Sheffield.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the fire at Grenfell Tower.
Joe Root is the "obvious candidate" to be England's next Test captain, according to former fast bowler James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers to set their own rules for how data-heavy services like Netflix and Amazon can be accessed, social media users reacted with anger and frustration.
Burnley moved up to second in the Championship with victory over Blackburn Rovers in a Lancashire derby at Turf Moor.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced that it is to invest £500m in its Solihull plant and create 1,000 new jobs.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike gave Dagenham and Redbridge victory at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead scored the winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool and end the Pools' unbeaten start to the League Two season.
A 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in a bar in south London has been named by police.
A shortlist of the UK's most significant trees has been announced for the BBC's Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two girls have been rescued from the sea off the Gwynedd coast after getting into difficulty.
Up to 100 jobs are to go at a Kerry Foods factory in Portadown after the company said it had failed to secure a "sustainable" strategy for the site.
Swimmers have been warned to be on the lookout for jellyfish after a rise in sightings in numbers in the UK's waters.
A woman was "brutally murdered" by two men who bound her wrists together with duct tape and cut her neck with a knife before cutting through her jugular vein, a court has heard.
The Duke of Wales has given birth to his first child, a son, Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, his wife, Princess Anne, has announced.
Wales have called up their first uncapped forward in the back row for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa in Cardiff.
A decision to reject a plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs will be challenged in court, County Durham Council has said.
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) needs to do more to deal with the 150,000 people who have been refused permission to stay in the UK but are still not leaving, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as the UK's most powerful woman in a list of the world's most influential women, according to a leading business magazine.
A man has admitted handling stolen sheep after DNA evidence was used to prove they were the offspring of a farmer's ewes.
The original plans for the London studio where William Blake created his first books have been revealed in an exhibition marking the 200th anniversary of his death.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is the most dangerous candidate for the White House in the 2016 election, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has said it will ask its shareholders to approve its planned €2.3bn (£1.9bn) merger with German exchange group Deutsche Boerse.
Imagine being stripped naked and having oak leaves stuck down your back, and then having them pressed against your skin in a series of gentle, rhythmic blows.
Sky has launched its first mobile service, which will piggyback on O2's network and allow customers to watch TV shows and films on their mobiles.
The chief executive of Australian airline Air Australia, Alan Joyce, has said he will campaign for same-sex marriage in next month's Australian ballot.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic made a string of fine saves to deny Manchester United a first Premier League win of the season as the sides played out a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train at a Tube station.
Lewis Hamilton set a new pole position record for the Belgian Grand Prix as he equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 pole positions in his return to Formula 1 following a 13-year absence.
The family of Kayden Jones, the six-month-old boy who died after being left in intensive care for too long, have told the BBC how they are still struggling to come to terms with his death.
Labour has launched an investigation into claims a councillor shared propaganda from the UK's far-right after a row over plans to remove English-stream education from a Carmarthenshire school.
St Johnstone missed the chance to go second in the Premiership as they were held to a draw by Rangers at Ibrox.
The word "losing" can be a pretty apt description of the crushing defeat that many candidates experience when they drop out of a presidential race.
A man who was shot dead by police after he was found with a knife in his hand was shot in the chest, a post-mortem examination has found.
John Terry says he has not decided on his next club and is still considering his future.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick on his Sale debut as the Sale Sharks fought back from 25-9 down to beat Wasps and move back into the Premiership's top two.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third driver to win 50 Formula 1 races, and the fourth to complete a career-best 50th career victory, at the United States Grand Prix.
The Sri Lankan army says it fears that more than 130 people are now missing after a series of landslides caused by heavy rains in the country.
Justin Gatlin has broken his own 200m world record to become the first man to run under 19 seconds in the event since 2005.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a rethink over the use of a custom-made "rest chamber" on a flight to the UK, after it was revealed he had used it on a recent trip to the country.
Amnesty International has accused India of failing to protect human rights by failing to implement a controversial law that allows troops to kill suspected militants without a warrant.
The judge in the trial of a man convicted of murdering a woman has been granted permission to use Twitter to live-stream the proceedings.
Katie Hopkins has apologised for falsely claiming a family from east London were extremists after they were stopped from travelling to the US for a Disneyland holiday.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of censorship and discrimination after the company refused to sell him bricks for an art work.
Miranda Miranda has been greeted by a standing ovation as she made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in the new musical Annie.
A council is considering setting up a temporary night shelter for homeless people in Northampton as part of a plan to tackle the problem.
Mikheil Saakashvili is the most controversial president of Georgia since the country's war with Russia in 2008.
A charity has warned that thousands of Scots are being "trapped in poverty" because of a growing crisis in the workplace.
West Ham's first game at their new home since moving to London Stadium ended in a 2-2 draw against Juventus in the first game since the club returned to the capital.
At least 20 students have died in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria, officials say.
Great Britain's rowers have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2017 World Rowing Cup in Florida.
Wales internationals Dan Lydiate, Sam Warburton, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have all signed new national dual contracts.
Former England striker Carlton Cole has signed for Aston Villa on a two-year deal.
In his first speech as prime minister, Theresa May said she was confident that a "positive agreement" could be reached with the European Union, and that Britain would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the bloc.
Researchers are hoping to learn which bees make different noises to help them identify where they come from and which plants help them to be more productive.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 with a comfortable win over League One side Oldham Athletic.
The Department for Transport's bungling of the West Coast mainline rail franchise fiasco could cost taxpayers more than £8.9m, MPs have said.
The Nobel Prize in physics is awarded every year to the most important scientists in the world of science.
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was beaten 4-0 by England's Peter Lines in the final of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in Scunthorpe on Saturday.
The debate about the future of the BBC licence fee is not just about the BBC, but also about the impact of advertising on the BBC's future.
Taxpayers should be taxed on their health and social care contributions to help fund the NHS, Liberal Democrat leadership contender Norman Lamb has said.
Clyde manager David Ferguson admits that his side's hopes of securing a Scottish League Two play-off place are in danger if they do not beat Annan Athletic on Saturday.
The EU may be the only thing that has kept Greece together, and the only force that has prevented it from spiralling out of the eurozone and into a full-blown war.
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a Spitfire that crashed in Monaghan 75 years ago, but had been thought to have been lost forever.
Parents have accused a council of "punishing" rural parents by cutting free school transport for their children.
A mass has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake in Italy that struck the country's south-east.
Australia's prime minister has been the subject of much speculation in recent weeks, with the country's political beast, the Australian National Party, threatening to "maul" the government.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as team-mate Nico Rosberg was beaten by Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.
A teenager has been charged in connection with the £20,000 ticket fraud at the Brighton Festival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for a visit to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover of the territory from British to Chinese rule.
A rapper in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has protested against the appointment of a woman as chief minister by the ruling AIADMK party, by singing a song in front of the new chief minister's house.
Eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide in China's southern Shenzhen city last month that killed dozens of people, officials say.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its failure to tackle air pollution, it has been warned.
A US police officer has been acquitted of killing two black women in a shooting that sparked protests in the city of Cleveland, Ohio, in the US state of Ohio.
Russia has condemned as "unacceptable" a series of bomb attacks in Syria that killed at least 120 people, including at least 80 civilians, in the past 24 hours.
Cornish Pirates have warned that scrapping the Championship play-offs could lead to the Championship becoming a "non-entity" after Premiership sides were given increased funding.
Wales' councils have seen a drop in the amount of money they make from recycling and waste management services, with some losing more than £400,000 in a year.
The UN General Assembly is taking place in the US state of New York.
A knife has been found at a school in Dumfries and Galloway.
The UK Championship is back in action after a two-year absence and the first major tournament of the season since the death of world number one Mark Selby in 2007.
Red Bull's disappointing performance in the Australian Grand Prix was a further indication of the problems they face in 2017, with the team far from the pace of Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scotland will hold a referendum on independence on 8 September on whether to remain a part of the UK or become an independent country.
Perth's city centre is to be given a "first Thursday" as part of a campaign to revive the city centre's struggling retail sector.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England again after being called up for the first time since the World Twenty20.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a dissident republican bomb attack in County Tyrone, has taken place in Belfast.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's top law officer.
A ferry has been grounded in the Firth of Forth after it hit a pier in the early hours of the morning.
A woman who was stabbed to death in Sheffield has been named by police.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as the fourth most influential person in music by NME magazine.
A terminally ill man has taken the legal fight for the right to die to the High Court in a bid to overturn the law on assisted dying.
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3-1 defeat by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final, as the German champions were knocked out of the competition.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £1.5m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who suffered brain injuries after a heart attack while playing for the club's academy.
British actress Keira Knightley is to return to the Broadway stage for the first time in three years in a new play by the author of Anna Karenina.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to speak to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A Canadian boy has been making headlines after he left a note in the pages of a comic book to apologise for ripping a page off his bunk bed.
World number one Chris Waites says he is "relieved" to have won his second BDO World Championship after six weeks out with a shoulder injury.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Matty Aiton will miss the start of the 2017 Super League season after suffering a knee injury.
A man has died after being shot by police in Hull following a confrontation with officers, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Women have signed German international Carina Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt for an undisclosed fee.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been told he faces a contempt of Parliament complaint after he refused to give evidence to a Commons select committee.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has hit back at criticism of his team's drinking habits, saying they have not been "like monks" during the World Cup.
Dundee ended a run of three straight Premiership defeats with a thumping win at Motherwell to move up to sixth in the table.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after their Champions League campaign ended in defeat for the third time in four games.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died in a rollercoaster accident at Dreamworld on the Gold Coast in Australia on Saturday.
A man has admitted being involved in the supply of heroin with a street value of more than £300,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager, BBC Radio Wales understands.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in north London.
The last time the US central bank raised interest rates, the markets went into a tailspin and the global economy went into reverse.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution have been jailed for more than six years.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new season after undergoing surgery on a broken ankle.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Bedfordshire.
A boy who died after being hit by a car and then being hit and killed by a lorry will have his organs used for transplant, his mother has said.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Youngs could be out for up to six weeks after breaking his neck.
Plans for a £100m circuit on the site of a former race track in Blaenau Gwent have been put on hold as a public inquiry into the development continues.
Garry Thompson scored a late winner as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham in the first game of the League Two season.
A third of people cared for by crisis teams in their homes had not been in hospital for more than a week when they committed suicide, a report suggests.
Ulster beat Connacht 3-13 to 1-13 in the Ulster Football Cup final at Carrick-on-Shannon on Sunday to win the trophy for the first time since 2007.
MSPs have called on the Scottish Parliament's corporate body to ensure they get a "decent cup of coffee" for committee meetings.
A senior consultant has warned that hospitals in Wales may have to make "life or death" decisions about the number of patients they treat over the festive period.
In the heart of Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, the capital of the world's largest economy, the country's capital city, the streets are lined with the huge concrete buildings of the state-run Ethiopian National Exhibition and Conference Centre.
Two fishermen have been rescued from the sea off Malin, County Antrim, after becoming stranded for more than 24 hours.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says he will be challenged by Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana in this month's Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people for trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads on the black market.
Brazil's impeached President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Brasilia after being formally removed from office by the Senate.
Derry City moved back into second place in the Premier Division with victory over Wexford in Sunday's Premier Division game at the Brandywell as Kevin Boyle's first-half goal was enough to beat the visitors.
A mountain rescue team has said the drive to attract tourists to Snowdonia contributed to a rise in callouts to the peak.
Paris St-Germain's £198m deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona for the world's most expensive player has been widely criticised.
Celtic made two late loan signings in the January transfer window that could prove to be the difference between a title challenge and a title race that has been dominated by Aberdeen and Hearts.
The Pirate Bay, the world's largest file-sharing site, has been hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
A British inventor has won the UK Engineering Prize for his 3D-printed prosthetic hand, which he says could help people with lower-cost limbs to walk again.
Francois Fillon's victory rally in Paris on Sunday was a huge success for the French centre-right presidential candidate, but it was also a setback for his campaign.
Urgent care centres could be moved from Telford to Shrewsbury under plans to reorganise the health service in Shropshire.
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of Scotland's progress since his international debut in 2005, according to coach Gordon Strachan.
The formal signing of the £18bn deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point has been completed, marking a major milestone in the UK's nuclear industry.
The number of calls to a helpline set up to help soldiers and airmen with mental health issues has risen by more than a third in a year, the charity SSAFA has said.
A Met Police detective constable has been jailed for four years for possessing and distributing child sex abuse images of a child.
Is the shadow foreign secretary Hilary Benn's decision to back the government's Syria motion a sign of things to come?
Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi-finals after he led Mark Selby 6-4 after a thrilling second session against Marco Fu.
Scotland striker Becky Evans says it would be "heartbreak" if the national team fail to qualify for Euro 2017.
The family of a teacher stabbed to death by a pupil at her school have called for an independent inquiry into the attack.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he wants more British players to lead the team in his final season in charge at the club.
The Nepalese government has announced new rules to stop people from climbing Mount Everest, including those who cannot see, walk or have arms or legs.
The family of a man killed in a crash on the M1 last year have called for a change in the law to allow retired drivers to keep their licences.
A former Stanford University student who was sentenced to six months in prison for sexually assaulting a sleeping woman has been released from jail.
Plans to protect the coastal rail line between Devon and Cornwall from erosion have been revealed by Network Rail.
A gold toilet that can be used by the public and the public for free has gone on display at New York's Guggenheim Museum.
A celebration of the work of a US artist whose work was inspired by the Sound of Sleat is being held at Skye College in Skye.
The rollout of fibre broadband in rural areas of Scotland has been criticised by some residents.
A new target for Wales to be in the top 20 of international schools in the UK by 2021 has been announced by Education Minister Huw Lewis.
Talk has arrested three people in India who it says breached its data security policies and a contract with a call centre provider.
A man accused of killing two police officers in the US state of Iowa has been arrested on suspicion of murder after they were shot dead in a drive-by shooting.
The Scottish government is to increase the number of student teacher places by 15 places next year as part of a drive to tackle teacher shortages.
Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form is a huge boost for Europe's Ryder Cup hopes after he was among the players watching him win his first major of the year.
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of Unison, the second largest union in the Labour Party, which has nominated the left-wing MP as its preferred candidate in the party's leadership contest.
England's Luke Donald is in contention for a second successive PGA Tour title after a second-round 65 left him in a four-way tie for third at the WGC-Dell Match Play in Texas.
Ireland lock Jamie Heaslip has been named in the starting XV for Saturday's Six Nations match against Wales after recovering from a back injury.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended over an investigation into alleged failings in the handling of a child protection case.
Netflix has become the first major video streaming service to roll out its service to all of the world's major emerging economies.
John Hughes has left his position as Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager after two-and-a-half years in charge.
No protests, no barricades, no demonstrations, no marches, no strikes.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said he is "disappointed" that he will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers and are more likely to be fit and healthy, according to a new study.
Former Australia international James Mason has left Catalans Dragons after suffering a series of injuries in their French Super League side's defeat by Stade Francais.
(Close): Mining shares dragged down the FTSE 100, with Anglo American and BHP Billiton among the biggest fallers, as the pound fell against the dollar.
A security breach has exposed the personal details of more than 100,000 members of the Muslim Match dating website, the company behind it has said.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's vice-president, accusing him of being involved in a major drug trafficking operation.
A man has been stabbed in the neck in a street attack in Belfast city centre.
A novel set in the US during the Cold War has been published 30 years after it was first published.
Tanzania's President John Kikwete has sacked a minister for failing to declare a $1m (Â£856,000; $1,000,000) donation to a school, amid a corruption scandal.
She had come prepared to own up to her mistakes, and she did not disappoint.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (£9.5bn) fine for its role in the housing market scandal, according to reports.
Wales' Becky James is still unlikely to be fit for the Rio Olympics despite a "good start" to her recovery from injury, says her coach Shane Sutton.
South Korea's SKT has won the League of Legends (LoL) World Championship for the second time, beating Samsung Electronics' team in the final in Los Angeles.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell's first-half goal was enough to give Sheffield United victory over 10-man Bury at Bramall Lane.
The man who was shot dead by police in the Manchester Arena on Friday was being treated for a suspected stab wound to the chest.
All pictures are copyrighted... and all images are copyrighted
A third suspect has been charged in Belgium with involvement in the Paris attacks, as the highest security alert in the capital remained in place for a third day.
Great Britain's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals on day two of the Olympic swimming in Rio as the hosts finished second and third in their respective events.
Scottish Social Development Minister Lesley McLeod has said the Scottish government is prepared to consider offering loans to young crofters to help them get on the housing ladder.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not given up hope of buying the club, despite the club being in financial difficulty.
The pound fell 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years, putting an end to hopes of an early interest rate rise by the Bank of England.
A collision between Earth and an early Solar System planet could help explain how the carbon in our planet's mantle came to be, scientists say.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Friday, with investors optimistic about the prospects for US jobs figures, which are due to be released later in the day.
The FBI has agreed to help police in the US in a case similar to the San Bernardino shooting case, just days after the company refused to help the FBI access the iPhone used by the San Bernardshire gunman.
Ayr United have chosen a new badge for their club crest after a public vote.
A lorry has crashed into a church in Cardiff after the driver was taken ill at the wheel.
A British teenager has been killed in an attack in Iraq by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, the BBC understands.
Belfast Giants have announced that six players will remain with the Elite League club for the 2017-18 season.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being found with head injuries in his bedroom had told a classmate he felt "unsafe" at school and was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A former IRA leader charged with encouraging support for the IRA has been granted bail variation to allow him to travel to the Republic of Ireland for a week.
A £2.5m research centre to tackle the growing cost of treating wounds in Wales has been set up in Cardiff.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump appeared to be on a roll, tweeting that the US should stop talking about Syria and focus on other issues.
Phil Foderingham has said Rangers have dealt with the incident that led to the arrest of Celtic midfielder Scott Sinclair "in the right way".
A doctor who was called to Prince's home to treat the singer after he was found unconscious at his Paisley Park home was called by his son, a lawyer for the musician's family has said.
Twelve of Edinburgh's historic closes are to be restored as part of a £1.5m project to revitalise the city's Old Town.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full face veils in public, including the burka, in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed when she was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has been appointed as Munster's new academy director of rugby.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Liberal Democrats, saying he has been "disillusioned" with Jeremy Corbyn's party.
The number of hectares of coca crops growing the raw ingredient for cocaine in Colombia has increased by almost 50% in the past year, according to a UN report.
He is not the typical Scotland international winger.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley will miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious injury in Sunday's win over Ulster.
Olympic gold medallist Salomon Cisse says he is ready to take on the world stage after becoming a national symbol.
Southern rail passengers face further disruption on Wednesday as the company says it will hold talks with union leaders over the guards' strike.
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in Portugal killed at least eight people, officials say.
Cristian Domingo, a 25-year-old Uruguayan man, is the first person in his family to grow his own cannabis plants.
A hat worn by Princess Anne has been sold for £1,000 at auction, raising more than £1.5m for charity.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in the North Sea.
Two British men accused of spying on planes in the United Arab Emirates have been remanded in custody after appearing in court in Abu Dhabi.
Hearts have confirmed that Martin Johnsen has joined Dutch club ADO Den Haag on a two-year contract after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Two young people have joined a Benedictine monastery in Monmouthshire, becoming the first young people to be ordained monks in the UK.
Louis van Gaal has learned that there are no easy games in the Premier League, and he has to toughen up his team to win the title again.
The defence review is a chance for the government to put its finger on the future of the armed forces and show it's serious about the threat it faces, but the experts say it's a gamble.
Wales' men's hockey team have been relegated from the EuroHockey A Division after losing to Scotland in the final of the Euro Hockey Championships.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caerwent has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he was impressed by the qualities of winger Ben Woodburn when he signed him from Bath in the summer.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Barcelona for a third time in four seasons in the Champions League group stage after being drawn alongside the Spanish giants in pot three.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the nation for its support for his surprise decision to scrap high-denomination bank notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
England's Paul Casey is one shot off the lead after a six-under-par 66 gave him a share of the lead at the Tour Championship in Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will vote for Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest, after previously backing Jeremy Corbyn.
A Kent council has suspended its own litter wardens after a BBC Panorama investigation revealed they were wrongly fined for doing nothing.
The pound has risen slightly after a survey suggested the UK's service sector grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in June.
Clashes between police and youths have continued to break out across London after two nights of rioting in north and south London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by more than 10% in the past decade, according to the latest figures.
England's first match at Euro 2016 will be against Russia on Saturday and, as I said before, it will be a much tougher game than we had at the last time we played in this tournament in 2010.
The public interest in revealing details of undercover police operations will not be compromised by a blanket ban on the public revealing the identities of victims, the inquiry into the use of undercover officers has been told.
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League after a player was bitten on the face during a brawl between their players and fans during a Challenge Cup match on Saturday.
Shirley Temple, the US actress and child star who was once dubbed "America's little darling", has died aged 88.
MK Dons have signed Millwall defender Yann Abdou on a free transfer after he agreed a new contract with the League One club.
A Porto-based football player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee in a match involving a team made up of FC Porto fans.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is returning to the Albert Hall for the first time in more than 40 years to conduct the opening night of the British Proms.
A man and woman whose bodies were found in a wheelie bin outside a block of flats have been named by police as Joanna Winning and her partner, who was found dead in the same block of flat.
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly record child sexual exploitation allegations, leaving vulnerable children at risk of further abuse.
Southend United boss Phil Brown has said he will appeal against the red card he received in Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Gillingham, saying the referee was "at its worst" in the League One derby.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders to highlight the importance of closing the attainment gap between pupils in the most and least deprived areas.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede involving thousands of Hindu pilgrims in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon international defender Jean-Louis Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne on a two-year deal.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in a major reshuffle, removing several senior officials, including defence minister Abdel Rahim Hussein, who was a close ally of his.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back the money spent on upgrading his private home, but has not yet decided how much.
The body of a man who died when the collapsed Swansea Power Station building collapsed has been removed from the site.
A teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls and bought them gifts has been sacked.
A female golden eagle known as Lassie has laid an egg at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has confirmed.
A house in Cookstown, County Tyrone, has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
A care home for people with learning disabilities has been rated as "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) after inspectors found "slippage" in services.
Donald Trump's campaign promises were among the most talked-about during his election campaign.
Police searching a river in Dorset for a firearm used in a fatal burglary have found a weapon they hope to recover.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a north London pub in the early hours of the morning.
Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a US-based group after the club avoided the threat of going into administration.
A former head teacher at a Sussex school has been charged with a string of sex offences against children.
Head teachers are to be given seminars to help them understand how to prevent their pupils being drawn into extremist ideologies.
Theresa May has said North Korea's missile test over Japan was "outrageous" and "provocative" as she met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Karen Gillan, the Scottish actress who starred in Doctor Who and Star Wars: The Force Awakens, is the star of the new Marvel film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United are set to make their first summer signings since returning to the Premier League in 2013-14 in the January transfer window.
A medieval bridge that was buried for more than a century has been uncovered and reopened to the public.
The UK has recorded its hottest temperature of the year, with temperatures reaching 37.7C (98F) in London, the highest since 2003.
What was the motive of Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz, who killed himself and all 92 people on board the plane he was flying, and then killed himself?
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons in the Pro12 at Rodney Parade.
Scientists say they have found a "jockey's chance" of finding the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs in the Chicxulub Crater.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a "rotten deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan's Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first-class centuries as the Welsh county beat Cambridge University by an innings and 88 runs in the first game of the season at Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man found dead in a London subway have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
It's not every family that has six siblings who all play music at the same time.
Tove Looper has lost five months to making her latest album.
A school in Oxfordshire could be closed after being told it is "in danger of closing down" by Ofsted.
The UK's three intelligence agencies are using the internet to target more women in their recruitment drive, the government has said.
A piece of coal has been presented to the last remaining deep coal mine in South Yorkshire as a symbol of respect for the "many generations" of miners who worked there.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading midfielder Alex Jules on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.
The European Commission has blocked CK Hutchison's proposed takeover of O2 by its owner, Liberty Global, in a deal that would have created the UK's third largest mobile phone operator.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir looks at how Sudan's poets are using their voices to fight censorship and control in the capital, Khartoum.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a win over Peterborough at the Boundary Park Stadium.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been arrested on 4 March as part of an investigation into a huge corruption scandal at the state-run oil company Petrobras.
The Sun is known for releasing charged particles into space, known as solar flares.
Leicester Tigers have signed England second-row Geoff Parling and Bath back Olly Woodburn on two-year deals.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell for a third day in a row, with mining shares leading the way as a fall in mining shares dragged down the mining sector.
CharityBuzz, the online auction site, has raised $1.3m (Â£1.1m) in one day for a charity auction of a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook.
Guinea have named Adama Traore in their squad for their opening World Cup qualifier against Egypt in September, despite the winger announcing his international retirement in June.
Cape Verde and Zambia played out a goalless draw in a match which was marred by bad weather in the African Nations Championship group stage in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A Pembrokeshire village is looking for volunteers to help out with its "community work".
All frontline staff at benefit offices should be trained to spot signs of suicidal behaviour, the government has said, as part of a drive to reduce suicides.
Susie Wolff will continue as Williams test driver next year after being given a bigger role at the team.
Bristol Rovers striker George Lucas has rejoined Boreham Wood on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a garden created in memory of their mother Diana, Princess of Wales, to meet people who have been involved in her work.
Spain has seen its worst terror attack in years, with 13 people killed and more than 100 injured in a van attack in the city of Barcelona on Thursday.
A roundabout on the A55 in Chester has been delayed for a second time, causing "chaos" for motorists.
Phil Taylor survived a spirited comeback from Kim Huybrechts to set up a quarter-final meeting with Raymond van Barneveld at the PDC World Darts Championship.
People in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people to help unlock the secrets of disease.
Gillingham have re-signed Chris Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season in a bid to secure him a place at Euro 2016.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England's batsmen dominated the final day of their tour match against South Africa in the first of two warm-up games in Durban.
The body of a military helicopter which crashed on a Snowdonia mountain has been recovered from the summit of the mountain where it was based, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has defended the financial settlement offered to local authorities, saying they have been "over the top" in their concerns about the impact of the Scottish government's budget.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the Highlands.
The US space shuttle Atlantis lifted off from Cape Canaveral on Monday, taking more than 1,000 people on a historic journey from the US to the International Space Station.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician who was murdered in London in 2010.
A heritage group has called for an investigation into a dispute over access to a Sheffield war memorial in France.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will not run for re-election as mayor of London in the UK's EU referendum has been widely reported in European media, with commentators wondering whether his move could set up a "new Battle of Britain" between him and David Cameron.
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys after a bonus-point win over Treviso in Italy.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests.
A woman has said she is "furious" after a company invited her to an interview for a job only to describe her as a "home educated oddball" and "left-wing loon tree hugger".
Jim Broadbent's return to the stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol has been praised by critics, with one calling it "a fun, quirky reading" and another saying it was "a bit of a send-up" of the classic story.
The number of women downloading period tracking apps has exploded in recent years, with many using them to monitor their menstrual cycle and to monitor fertility.
The sisters of Oscar Pistorius have said they feel "heartache" for the athlete's family ahead of his sentencing for killing his girlfriend.
Salford Red Devils have released prop Chris Chase, half-back Chris Hansen and full-back Tom Paterson and are close to releasing winger Alex Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is the best route for his side to secure a Champions League place this season, despite their poor start to the season.
Dame Judi Dench has announced she is supporting the Surrey Wildlife Trust, which aims to preserve a woodland in the county for future generations.
The new design of the Queen's £1 coin has been unveiled.
Labour has accused the coalition of cutting the number of GPs in England who offer extended hours by 590, saying it has made it harder for patients to see a GP.
American Patrick Reed will play in the Ryder Cup for the first time at Gleneagles after finishing joint first at the Tour Championship.
Police used "necessary and proportionate" force to stop five men who were arrested after a raid on a McDonald's restaurant in Carnoustie, a report has found.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has risen by more than a third in the past five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Jordan McNair has been named in the draw for the 2015 Milk Cup final at the All-Ireland Club Championship in Los Angeles.
A hospital's A&E department was "extremely busy" last year with patients waiting up to three hours for an ambulance, inspectors have said.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
A man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida has appeared in court in Florida and told a judge he was a US citizen and worked as a security guard.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it would happen because he did "not believe the child existed".
The Ross Sea has been designated as a Marine Protected Area (MPA) after years of negotiations between the world's largest nations.
Thousands of people have attended a record number of celebrations to mark the start of the Hindu festival of Diwali in Leicester.
US best-selling author Jackie Collins, whose erotic novels included Hollywood Wives and The World is Full of Married Men, has died aged 83, her family has said.
A Japanese woman dubbed the country's first "black widow" after she was accused of murdering four of her lovers with cyanide has admitted killing her fourth husband, but denied killing them all.
A fish that escaped from a water park and was rescued after being swept away by floods has been found safe and well.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has been reinstated after being suspended for his criticism of the selection process for the first Test against Sri Lanka.
A man who spent two years on the run after being recalled to prison has been arrested after posting pictures of himself on social media.
Steve Backshall and Ola Jordan have spoken out about claims that they were bullied on Strictly Come Dancing.
A new comedy film about the impact of depression on the lives of people with the condition is to be shot in south Wales.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he will have to bring in one of his youth players to the bench to fill a void on his squad.
SpaceX boss Elon Musk has said the rocket that exploded at the US space agency's Cape Canaveral launch site was a "complete failure".
A woman has been rescued after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two men who were falsely imprisoned and racially abused by Metropolitan Police officers have won damages of £11,900 each.
The South African government has granted Zimbabwe's first lady Grace Mugabe immunity from prosecution over an alleged assault in South Africa.
A Russian court has sentenced three teenagers to jail for performing a "twerk dance" at the World War Two memorial in the city of Orenburg, near the battle of Stalingrad.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Charlie Webster for an undisclosed fee and loaned defender Jack Clarke to the League One club for an initial fee of £1.5m.
English football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to a report by Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland after being accused of "downgrading" the standard in Poland.
Welsh hammer thrower Maxine Peake is aiming to set a new Welsh record and qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics when she competes in Cardiff on Saturday.
The Peshawar school massacre has left a deep and lasting impression on Pakistan, but the country's political elite remains reluctant to name and condemn the Pakistani Taliban by name.
Old Mutual has announced plans to split off its investment banking and financial services businesses into four separate companies.
Preston North End have signed Dutch midfielder Marvin Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal after he agreed to pay Morecambe £1.5m for his services.
Ten Chinese cities have been placed on a "red alert" for air pollution, the environmental ministry has said, as the country continues to grapple with the worst smog in years.
The US has a "morality police" force, which is tasked with enforcing Islamic religious law - Sharia - in public places, such as by banning the wearing of the headscarf and banning the possession of alcohol and tobacco.
Wakefield moved to within a point of a second Challenge Cup final in three years as they beat Huddersfield Giants to reach the quarter-finals for the first time since 2008.
A car has been left on top of another car in a marked parking space in the centre of the city of Inverness.
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has won two Empire Awards at the Empire Film Awards, which honour the best in film and television.
"I've been in the oil business for a long time and I've seen a lot of difficult oil fields," says Ken Barak, a senior scientist at the University of Texas at Austin.
A supermarket is to test a new scheme to make it easier for people with autism to shop in a busy store.
When British-born David Barrett was working as a child refugee in Lebanon during the war in the 1990s, he was forced to take in dogs from the bombed-out south of the country.
A computer program has been able to learn how to play video games much better than a human player, according to researchers at Google's artificial intelligence division.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his takeover of Championship club Aston Villa.
Brazil's intelligence agency was not told of a threat to the Rio Olympics by the French military, the French army's chief of staff has said.
Hibernian have signed Danny Swanson from St Johnstone on a two-year deal after the midfielder agreed a new deal with the Scottish Premiership club.
The EU is struggling to agree on a solution to the migrant crisis, as thousands of people continue to arrive in Europe, many of them children.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that uses a technology that it says is the first to use a fuel-air mixture that ignites spontaneously.
A man has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace's mascot Kayla the Eagle at a FA Cup match at Selhurst Park.
A medical report has found that former Guatemalan army chief Efrain Rios Montt is mentally incompetent, a court has ruled.
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go fans not to use its A&E unit to play the mobile game.
Newcastle Falcons have signed England international prop Toby Flood from Leicester Tigers.
Nadia is one of the UK's most exciting new female MCs, with her debut album, The Wave, due to be released on 7 July.
Bury were held to a draw by Millwall after being reduced to 10 men for the second time in three games as the League One strugglers came from behind to win at home.
China's first crew to live aboard a space station has returned to Earth after a six-day mission, completing a series of firsts.
The chairman of a group which helped to save Cardigan Castle has resigned from the group which ran the site after it was closed for more than a decade.
A police officer has been killed in a shootout with a gunman in Germany, officials say, in the first such incident of its kind in the country since the end of the Cold War.
England head coach Eddie Jones says it is "not illegal" for his players to target Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton in Saturday's Six Nations match against the Irish.
Johnston Press has reported a rise in annual profits, despite a fall in revenues, as it announced plans to sell non-core assets.
A Birmingham school opened by David Cameron has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted, just months after it was praised by the Prime Minister.
A campaign to raise £100,000 to fund legal action against those involved in the 2003 Iraq war has raised more than £100m.
China's Ma Qingjian beat defending champion Zhang Ze to win his fourth Olympic men's singles title with a 4-1 victory over defending champion and world number one Zhang Ze of China in Rio.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has become the first woman to complete the Ironman triathlon world record.
For decades, Philips was a household name in the world of home entertainment.
The final piece of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has passed its final test phase, paving the way for its launch in 2018.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU) after it was accepted by more than two-thirds of the 53-nation body.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife Amber Heard have filed for divorce, according to court papers filed in California.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a further indication of the decline in the fortunes of the country's football game, according to two former internationals.
Police have said there were no major incidents during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries.
Nicola Sturgeon has said the results of a survey of the public on independence and the EU will be published once it has been completed, after it was launched on Monday.
A five-year-old girl who was diagnosed with leukaemia has become the latest victim of a Welsh blood donor appeal.
Actress and comedian Caroline Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the way TV shows are made, saying "crime porn" is "bleeding into our culture".
A London shopping centre that was at the centre of a multi-million pound loan default has been sold for £10m.
Angola's government has abandoned plans to introduce a controversial law that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on the internet.
Hungary is a small country in central Europe, with a long history of political and cultural diversity.
A woman's hair was set on fire in a suspected arson attack at a McDonald's restaurant, police have said.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign a bill that would make homosexuality a criminal offence, but has not ruled out signing it into law.
Director Ava DuVernay has said she is "very proud" of the film-makers of Gods of Egypt, after they apologised for casting a predominantly white cast in the film.
Wales will take on Belgium in their final Group G game at Euro 2016 on Wednesday, hoping to reach the last eight for the first time since 1958.
A second teenager has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in east London in which she suffered a fractured skull.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson has been cast in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will hope to extend their unbeaten run to seven games when they host Dungannon Swifts in the Irish Premiership on Monday night.
Broadband penetration in Wales is not at the level it should be, a leading technology expert has said.
The parents of a woman who was stabbed to death in Italy have said they are "disgusted" by the government's handling of the case.
UK industrial output fell in February, while the trade deficit widened, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are the future of the country and they are the ones who will decide who runs it.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes has joined Championship side Reading on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with using a drone to drop drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Strong winds and heavy rain are expected to hit Wales on Tuesday, with gusts of up to 70mph expected, the Met Office has warned.
Author Kanta Ghosh has been giving Twitter users a tour of the official residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee, by posting pictures of the grounds of the residence on his account.
The risk of a repeat of the Christmas flood that caused a bridge to collapse is "unprecedented", a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed striker Ryan Moore from Bristol Rovers for an undisclosed fee and defender Lee Spence on a free transfer.
Worcestershire took control of their Division Two match against Glamorgan with a fine batting display on day two at Chelmsford.
Iceland beat the Netherlands to make it two wins from two in their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign, while Italy beat Malta and Wales drew with Bosnia-Hercegovina.
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, two of the Disappeared, have been formally identified by the Irish government.
Olympic swimming champion Sarah Adlington has opened a £1.5m sports centre in Wrexham.
Plans to build up to 200 homes on the site of Stoke-on-Trent's former football ground have been approved by the city council.
US department store chains Macy's and Kohl's and Nordstrom have reported a sharp fall in sales, as shoppers increasingly shop online and at discount stores.
A TV signal-based "radar" system could be used to track aircraft and other aircraft over the UK, according to the National Air Traffic Service (Nats).
More than 100 police investigations are under way into allegations of misconduct in the handling of child sexual abuse cases, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has revealed.
Charlton Athletic have signed striker Yannick Carrasco on loan from Ajax until the end of the season.
Scientists have discovered a gene defect which may be responsible for male infertility, a condition which affects up to half of all men.
Martin McGuinness has been taken off a trade mission to China in the Middle East by Stormont officials.
A church in North Yorkshire is being plagued by a plague of bats that are ruining its historic church.
France's government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group after a student was killed in a brawl in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he would not be interested in a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua, who won the WBA and IBF titles on Saturday.
Maesteg Harlequins rugby player Ryan Watkins has been banned for doping by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) after testing positive for two banned substances.
World number one Angelique Kerber survived a scare from qualifier Ekaterina Falconi to reach the second round of Wimbledon for the first time since 2015.
The number of UK households renting property is set to rise by more than a third over the next decade, according to a surveyors' body.
West Ham United eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham Town.
Greenock Morton defender Stephen Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault after a woman was found unconscious in a car park in Sunderland in January.
Plans for a £100m energy storage scheme at two abandoned Snowdonia quarries have been approved by the Welsh government.
Macclesfield's National League game against Dover has been postponed because of standing water on the playing surface.
Wales beat England 2-0 in a friendly in Cardiff in 1986 to win the European Championship for the first time in their history.
Stephen Hawking is to join a competition on the science website, the Science Museum of London, to help inspire young people to study science and technology.
A man has been arrested after a car was set on fire in a suspected arson attack in West Lothian.
A disabled man has called for all 22 Welsh councils to be legally obliged to provide toilets in their areas under plans to make them legally binding.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike on 1 January in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said, after rejecting a new offer from the airline.
Turkey has confirmed that the man who carried out last week's deadly Ankara bombing was the son of a Kurdish militant who was killed in a previous attack in the capital, officials say.
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales.
An elderly man has denied causing the death of a teenage netball player who was dragged under his car after it reversed over her at a petrol station.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed" communities more than the closure of pits, a former UKIP MP has claimed.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom, the popular TV and music character who was based on the fictional village of Timperley in Cheshire, has been unveiled in the village.
Firefighters in England are to strike on 1 January in a dispute over pensions, the government has said, after a union claimed some fire authorities would not uphold a guarantee that they would not cut the pension of older staff.
Clashes between rival forces in the Libyan city of Benghazi have left at least six people dead and dozens injured, officials say, after heavy fighting between rival factions.
A man accused of making insurance claims for a £144,000 fraud has told a court he was "disappointed" by the practice of making personal injury claims.
I'm back at Wimbledon after a week off, following my first-round win over Andreas Seppi in the men's singles on Sunday.
A rare medieval hand-written manuscript from the 14th Century has been revealed in a special episode of BBC One's The Great British Bake Off.
Airbus and OneWeb, the company behind the OneWeb project, have announced plans to build a multi-satellite constellation in space.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter who were missing in Pembrokeshire have been found safe and well, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has had his murder conviction changed to manslaughter in an appeal hearing, the highest court in the country.
A Japanese court has given the go-ahead for the restart of two nuclear reactors, the first to be restarted in the country since the Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first ever comedy festival is getting under way.
Former Manchester United and England midfielder Ed Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him to give evidence about alleged abuse by a former club coach.
A petition calling for revenge porn victims to be allowed to keep their names secret has been signed by more than 1,000 people.
The head of India's film censor board has resigned after a controversial film starring a controversial guru from a religious sect was cleared for release.
Is it really possible to have a bad haircut and still win a tennis match?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down from BBC One's Claudia on Film 2016 after two years in the role.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their journeys, according to research by the rail regulator.
University staff in Wrexham have joined a strike over pay and conditions in a dispute over a 1.1% rise in the latest pay offer.
The new Sainsbury's Christmas advert is a bit like the ManOnTheMoon, a bit of a space opera, but with a twist - and a lot more money.
Scottish energy firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based dry cleaning and heating and cooling company Dryco.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he sees "obvious similarities" between his former boss Donald Trump and the US president-elect.
Four men have been cautioned by police after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans on social media.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover and move back into the National League play-off places.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed that the band are planning a world tour to mark their 50th anniversary.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Barnsley and Preston both missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they played out a goalless draw at Oakwell.
A US basketball player has been suspended for life after being accused of faking her birth certificate to play in South Korea.
A new childcare voucher scheme for parents who cannot work will be introduced in England and Wales in 2015, the government has announced.
Ceredigion is to be the next host of the National Eisteddfod, which will be held in 2021.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned after two years in charge of the Championship club.
"I'm very happy to be taking part in the basic income experiment," says Liisa Ronkainen, one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who will receive a basic income from the government over the next two years.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Pyrgos says he is relishing the opportunity to captain the team at the World Cup after being named as captain for the first time.
Iraqi forces have retaken Bazwaya, a town near Mosul, from so-called Islamic State (IS) as they continue their offensive to retake the city from the militants.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the first time since his controversial remarks about the US leader.
Taylor Swift has been called a Taylor Swift lookalike for the past two years.
(Close): US stocks closed little changed on Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and Nasdaq closing at record highs, but the Nasdaq fell.
Football matches are often so long and complicated that it's really important to get a good summary of them all.
A human foot has been found in Bristol, the third to be found in the city in the past month.
Plans to demolish three hotels and build a hotel and apartments on a cliff-top site have been approved by councillors.
A judge at Pakistan's Supreme Court has withdrawn from a hearing into the case of a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy, days after the killing of a prominent politician.
The NHS in Wales is to cut the time it takes for mental health patients to be seen for treatment under new plans.
Former Australian rugby union and Australian rules footballer Josh Hunt has been charged with supplying cocaine with intent to supply.
Former England Test batsman Gareth Lewis says he hopes his experience of life in prison will help young cricketers on his tour of England this season.
Ross County moved back to the top of the Premiership with a win over Kilmarnock that moved them within two points of leaders Dundee United.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a second-half comeback win over Connacht at the RDS.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team must fight for their African Champions League title after they were knocked out of the competition by Ugandan champions KCCA in the first leg of their last-16 tie in South Africa.
A Cornish mine used in the BBC's Poldark series is to be restored following a £1.5m investment.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his rival Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses, saying he won the contest by "stolen" it.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning two Olympic silver medals in Rio to become the first Welsh athlete to win two medals at one Games.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a three-year deal after succeeding Roy Hodgson, who left the job after less than two months in charge.
When David Cameron's election victory was announced, impressionists were left with a bitter taste in their mouths as they tried to remember who their favourite politicians had been.
A letter by Cressida Lewis, in which the author discusses his marriage to his second wife, the novelist Helen Ellis, has sold for £3,000 at auction in Gloucestershire.
Loganair has completed the first stage of a £15m refurbishment programme for its fleet of Saab 340 aircraft.
A five-year-old girl who went missing after being taken to hospital with a serious medical condition may have been given a false name, police have said.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its 2015 results and shareholders' meeting after the emissions scandal hit its results last year.
A strike by a separatist party in India's Darjeeling hills has begun, with thousands of people protesting in the region.
Norwich City midfielder Alex Tettey says he was "happy" to score his second goal in two games against Southampton on Saturday - and compared his strike to Yaya Toure's winner against Manchester City.
Great Britain's women ended their disappointing World League Final campaign with a thrilling 5-3 win over New Zealand in a thrilling final in London.
The Confederation of African Football's (Caf) secretary general, Mohamed El Amrani, has resigned, just days after the body's former president Issa Hayatou was ousted.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a missing pensioner who has been missing from a Cardiff hospital for more than 24 hours.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's Test captain after Michael Clarke's retirement following the Ashes defeat by England.
Partick Thistle's Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man who was found drunk in his car with his trousers down and his trousers and shirt off has been given an unpaid work order.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Hector on a season-long loan deal.
Yorkshire should have its own White Rose Parliament to decide its priorities, former cabinet minister David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead and Guiseley shared the spoils after a draw at the International Stadium.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham midfielder Luke Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will review the Orange Order's right to march in parades after a song was reportedly sung in a parade in the city.
UK scientists are to carry out the first experiments in the world to edit human embryos, the country's fertility regulator has said.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in a thrilling one-day international in Melbourne to take a 4-0 lead in the series.
Two men have been charged with attempted robbery after a shopkeeper was threatened with a knife in west Belfast.
The health service in England is in a state of flux as the government tries to get its finances in order and the NHS in England prepares to celebrate its 68th birthday.
The former Archbishop of Londonderry, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue as a priest if he was in the position of Cardinal Sean Brady, the head of the Catholic Church in Ireland.
The families of two men who died in a crash which left two others seriously injured have paid tribute to them.
A security alert in the west end of Glasgow has ended after Army bomb disposal officers and police officers found nothing untoward in a suspicious vehicle.
The UK unemployment rate remained unchanged in the three months to June, at 7.8%, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the year to the end of December, hit by a slowdown in emerging markets and a "challenging" market.
Kurdish forces fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq have been exposed to mustard gas, the Kurdish government in Iraq says, after being hit by a mortar attack.
A man has been rescued from a submerged car after a police chase which ended with a car plunging into a reservoir.
People in England can now check on the quality of care they receive at care homes on a government website.
An investment algorithm that will be used by a venture capital firm to make investment decisions has been developed by a UK firm.
A US jury has awarded $70m (£45m) in damages to the family of a woman who died from cancer after finding Johnson & Johnson (J&J) liable for the use of talcum powder.
Frenchman Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia in a sprint finish to claim his first grand tour stage win since 2015.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's late equaliser earned Wycombe a draw at Morecambe and kept them in the League Two play-off places.
An 86-year-old woman has been filmed hitting a would-be thief over the head with a bacon slice after she was robbed at knifepoint at a supermarket.
A club hurling team from County Antrim have been given a boost ahead of their All-Ireland club final against Limerick.
The parents of a three-year-old girl found dead on a bus have denied murdering her.
The Danish shipping giant Maersk has said it is "pleased" that the crew of a container ship seized by Iranian forces off the coast of Iran on Tuesday are safe and in good spirits.
Pedro has been released from hospital after suffering a broken nose in Chelsea's friendly against China on Saturday.
Three people accused of terrorism offences have been remanded in custody after appearing in court for the first time.
Labour has retained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat in the general election, the first time the party has held the seat for more than 70 years.
Campaigners against a planned wind farm in Lincolnshire have staged a protest march in a bid to stop it being built.
The UN is preparing to sign the Paris climate agreement, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife has been released on bail pending further inquiries.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, say researchers.
More than 1,000 people are waiting up to a year for a consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital for heart surgery in the largest health trust in Northern Ireland, according to new figures.
A man has been injured after a firework was dropped from a window in north Belfast, leaving him with serious burns.
Nigel and Helen Stevens live in the Spanish resort of Benavista on the Costa del Sol.
Dozens of bottles of detergent from the brand Vanish have washed up on beaches in Cornwall.
Yeovil Town Ladies striker Sarah Heatherson has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in a racist chant during the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday.
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness firm which won contracts worth more than £150,000.
Shares in Premier Oil & Gas have jumped by more than 90% after the company said its deal to buy E.On's UK North Sea assets had been re-opened following a suspension.
Derry City moved five points clear at the top of the Premier Division after coming from behind to beat Bohemians 2-1 at the Brandywell.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she fired a gun at the tyres of a car being pursued by police.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough United eased to victory at Bristol Rovers in League One.
A Pembrokeshire bus company has gone into administration and is seeking a buyer, BBC Wales understands.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Jordi Etxabeguren on a one-year contract.
The Indian capital, Delhi, has been enveloped in a thick smog after a huge firework display in the capital city.
Jose Fernandez was a Cuban-American baseball player who was killed in a boat accident off the coast of Florida on Saturday.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between rival tribesmen and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada plane that made an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport came within 30m (100ft) of crashing into four planes waiting to depart, a report has said.
Three brothers who sexually abused girls in Rotherham have been jailed for a total of more than 20 years.
The House of Lords has warned that the UK's fishing communities could be at risk of being "marginalised" if the government does not ensure that the EU retains its current Common Fisheries Policy after Brexit.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to make concessions on immigration to help win over voters in the final days of the EU referendum campaign, BBC Newsnight has learned.
In the aftermath of the Westminster attack, the BBC has been asked to answer some of the questions people have about the security services in London.
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik on a season-long loan deal.
Rescue workers in Colombia are continuing to dig through mud to find survivors of a landslide that has buried dozens of homes in the north-western province of Antioquia.
A man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack on 7 June, police have said.
Former Spanish football federation president Angel Maria Villar has resigned from Uefa after being arrested on suspicion of corruption.
The impact of a ban on circuses using wild animals could be "massive" and could see zoos close, according to a circus boss.
A man who stabbed a healthcare assistant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years.
German prosecutors have arrested a second suspected Syrian jihadist suspected of involvement in the murder of government employees in Syria.
Ross Wallace's first-half strike was enough to give Sheffield Wednesday victory over 10-man Huddersfield Town, who were reduced to 10 men late on.
A fuel additive has been found in a breast implant that has caused thousands of women to have them removed, French TV channel RTL has reported.
Labour's Welsh leader has told party members in Wales to "stop shouting from the sidelines" and "fight for Wales" by supporting the party at the assembly election.
Portugal's Eurovision victory has given the country a boost, with a song that was sung in the Portuguese language winning the competition for the first time.
Four councillors fell asleep during a BBC debate on children's services, it has emerged.
Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne finished two shots behind winner Francesco Molinari after a play-off at the Italian's Italian Open in Rome.
A record number of godwits have been spotted on Tiree in the Western Isles.
China has condemned as "disastrous" a suggestion by a US presidential candidate that the US should block access to disputed islands built by China, warning that such a move would set the country on a "devastating" path to confrontation.
A large cat that sparked a major search in the French Alps on Thursday is probably not a wolf, officials say, after a search for the animal was scaled back.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into the illegal use of malware to spy on people online.
Fifa has confirmed that an independent chairman will not be appointed to a reform taskforce set up to examine the organisation's governance.
A book by children's author Chris Solomons, whose screenplay for the hit film It was adapted for the 2004 film, has won the Waterstones Children's Book Prize.
Nurses at Eastbourne Hospital have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade services at the hospital and move them to Hastings.
Guinea has been declared free of Ebola, ending the world's worst outbreak of the virus.
MPs are to debate whether US presidential hopeful Donald Trump should be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a campaign to save it from being sold off raised more than £1m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72.
A pilot has been taken to hospital after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire, leaving him trapped in the wreckage.
Leeds United boss Stuart McCall has accused Millwall of "nonsense" after a pitch invasion during their League One play-off final defeat.
The next stage of the parliamentary stage of talks on the fiscal framework for the Scotland Bill has been delayed.
A Palestinian court has halted parliamentary elections due to be held on Sunday, citing technical and logistical problems.
Nigeria's former National Security Adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested over an alleged $1bn (£8.5bn) arms deal, his lawyer says.
Georgia coach Alexander Haig says his team are calling for an expanded Six Nations, and that the current format is "outgrown".
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Perthshire has been named by police.
A Nigerian actress has been banned from the country's Hausa film industry after she was criticised for "crossing the line" in a recent film.
The UK's house prices have risen faster in England than in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, official figures show.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres, who was the first leader of the modern state, has died aged 93.
A project to celebrate the life and work of a 17th Century poet from the Isle of Man is to be launched.
"We can dance, we can sing, we're the young people of Timbuktu again," says 22-year-old Ibrahim Toure, as he and his friends dance and shout in the streets of the Malian city of Timmese, where they have been banned from mixing
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Gwynedd.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after a six-year-old girl was bitten on the face by one during a drugs test, the government has said.
It is a picture of a beautiful, green landscape, with a few patches of green grass and a few trees, but this is not the typical landscape you would expect to find in the middle of a desert.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not yet have figures for the number of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation.
A man who became famous for his collection of Marilyn Monroe, Winston Churchill and Queen Victoria knickers has died.
A former senior police officer has said the government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for the Muslim community.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have been knocked out of the European Championships in the qualifying round of the Rio Olympics.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Toyota have closed down more than 5% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for some of its vehicles.
The UK has announced a new policy of support for the new Libyan government, which has been formed following the UN-backed elections in February.
George Clooney's plans to install CCTV cameras at his Oxfordshire home have been opposed by a village council.
We're launching a new website called iNeverKnew, which will be updated every day during the general election to focus on the issues that matter to you.
The PSNI's chief constable has said an exit from the European Union would make policing in Northern Ireland "more complicated and more costly".
Stephen Keshi has signed a new contract to return as Nigeria coach for a second time, with the Super Eagles having failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
England suffered a stunning collapse as South Africa won the second Twenty20 international by eight wickets to end their tour with a 3-0 series whitewash.
Lille defender Yannick Bissouma has signed a new contract with the French Ligue 1 club, extending his deal until 2019.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester for the city's annual Diwali celebrations.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) for the third time in less than a year.
A lifeboat crew has resigned after the RNLI asked one of its volunteers to stand down, the charity has said.
Virat Kohli's India will be the only team in the Champions Trophy final on Sunday without a captain, and the pressure on him will be immense.
A vicar accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl has been cleared of all charges after a review of evidence found "insufficient evidence".
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea have been agreed to resume next week.
Essex's batsmen struggled to a solid start on day one against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford, with the visitors on top at the end of day two.
A man who posed as a Polish man in a fake bomb threat to rob a bank before ordering a taxi driver to hand over cash has admitted carrying out the robbery.
The Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has nominated the chair of an inquiry into anti-Semitism in the party to be a peer, in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
I was in a room at the Bitcoin conference in London's West End last week, on the outskirts of the city, when I first met the man who has been calling himself Satoshi Nakamoto.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Manchester.
A consultation on plans to cut maternity services in Wrexham and Denbighshire has been launched.
The hackers who carried out the May ransomware attack that hit hospitals and businesses around the world were probably based in North Korea, UK officials have said.
A new team of inspectors will be based in Powys to deal with complaints about estate agents following the disbanding of the Office of Fair Trading (OFT).
They are the most decorated British Olympic couple of all time, and now they are the greatest couple of the last 20 years.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has found evidence that more than 6,000 photographs of alleged torture victims in Syria were taken by a government photographer and smuggled out of the country.
The Northern Ireland secretary of state has been criticised for not taking his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) is investigating an incident in which a match official appeared to strike the head of Ivory Coast international defender Yannick Otogo-Castane.
The sign reads "JOBS"...
Gaia Vince, a former BBC science reporter, has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about the impact of human activity on the Earth.
Anti-government protesters in Thailand have vowed to continue their protest in the capital, Bangkok, for a third day, as they seek to block the city's main roads ahead of elections due in February.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was run over by a car while checking her vehicle.
The Scottish government will not be given powers to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD) for direct long-haul flights from Scottish airports for now, despite calls for the tax to be devolved.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will lead the national team on their summer tour of New Zealand in 2017.
Satellite images have revealed that Islamic State (IS) militants have blown up an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq that was a centre of Christian life in the country for centuries.
There is no significant difference in the risk of suicide among veterans of the last 50 years, according to a new study.
More than a million people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to social care services, a report has found.
James Anderson has hit back at criticism of England captain Eoin Morgan after Geoffrey Boycott said the batsman was "not as good as he thinks he is".
A mansion in the Scottish Borders which inspired the Peter Pan story has been given a new lease of life as a children's storytelling centre.
Mae'r ardal wedi ei chynnwys ar y rhestr am eu bod yn cynnig rhywbeth newydd i ymwelwyr i Gymru wedi cynyddu ac y bydd y wobr yn r
The NHS is being used as a "guinea pig" for "creeping privatisation", the Green Party's parliamentary candidate for Newcastle-under-Lyme has claimed.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline has been fined £37m for paying millions of pounds to prevent competitors from bringing their drugs to the market.
A Nottinghamshire writer has launched a campaign to honour the man who founded AC Milan, one of the world's most successful football clubs.
A case of bird flu has been found at a farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two men have been injured after being hit by a van while working on a road in Devon.
A security contractor with a criminal record was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama in a government building and leave a gun in the lift, US media report.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei gwneud yn barod am y one way system yn y Steddfodi wedi cael yn ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn
Myanmar's former deputy president Shwe Mann has met the opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi in a bid to find a political ally ahead of elections next month.
No-one will be prosecuted over a hunt in which more than 100 dogs were allegedly used to kill a fox, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
US House Speaker John Boehner has been known for his tears, and his latest bout of tears came at the end of a speech by Pope Francis.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the first by an Indian leader to the US since the country's first prime minister, Indira Gandhi, visited the region in 1991.
Keith Hellawell has said he will not stand for re-election as Sports Direct chairman next year, after the retailer's chairman launched a scathing attack on the way the company has been treated.
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking, according to reports.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said it will support Libya's unity government's request to be allowed to arm its forces to fight so-called Islamic State (IS) and other militant groups.
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) has arrived in Madrid for a preliminary investigation into allegations of illegal payments to senior party members.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has met his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina in Dhaka, but there was no breakthrough in their talks on water and border issues.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer who thought his abuser was dead until he found his obituary.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, saying he has "other worries" at the moment.
Four British tourists who stripped off on a Malaysian mountain and caused an earthquake have been sentenced to jail for public indecency.
Finding Dory has held on to the top spot in the UK box office for a second week, as it continues to battle it out with Finding Dory for the top slot.
The number of women in the UK having a Caesarean section is higher than in any other European Union country, a study has found.
A council chief executive has been suspended after being accused of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the World Taekwondo Championships in 2017 has been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new contract to stay at the Spanish club until 2019.
Mae'r Gymraeg wedi dweud bod yn dweudo bod ymchwilio'r ffrwd Gymrae yn yr ysgol yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu yn y ddyn n
Welshman Mark Williams will play in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship for the first time since 2009 when the tournament starts on Saturday.
Three people have been charged after a protest at Heathrow Airport over plans for a new runway was held in the early hours.
Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked as White House communications director, just 10 days after being appointed.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Sohrab Ghoochannejhad and defender Marco Motta.
A police officer who used his position to identify vulnerable women who he could have sex with has been jailed.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline the Isle of Wight Festival in 2015.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has not yet received travel documents to leave Russia, his lawyer has said, contradicting earlier reports.
Norwich City assistant manager Steve Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Russia will not be drawn into any military conflict in Syria, despite reports that Moscow has sent military reinforcements to the country.
A man has been missing for more than 24 hours after his kayak capsized in a river in Surrey.
A fountain in memory of seven World War Two Czechoslovak soldiers who took part in a daring mission to assassinate a Nazi leader has been restored after a £10,000 appeal.
A city's cultural year has been launched with the help of £30m of public and private funding.
South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict.
Austria has announced a sharp cut in the number of asylum-seekers it will take in, amid growing concern over the migrant crisis in Europe.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts from a Buk system in eastern Ukraine that could be linked to the MH17 air disaster.
A convicted child sex abuser was refused permission to become a foster carer because a council failed to tell a panel he had been investigated for inappropriate behaviour with children in 2005, a report has revealed.
A six-year-old girl who was treated for leukaemia in the US has been told she is now "running round like any six- year-old" after a pioneering treatment.
The oldest known fossils of a pine tree have been discovered in Canada, suggesting the tree's evolution was shaped by the intense wildfires that raged through the early forests of the Cretaceous.
A plan to recharge a Devon beach with shingle and sand has been defended by the council's chief executive after concerns were raised about the material used.
Chelsea's return to the top of the Premier League table is a huge step forward for manager Antonio Conte, but how is he doing it?
Great Britain's Jack Burnell won the men's 100m backstroke at the London Marathon to claim his first victory since the Rio Olympics.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has said he will not be able to form a government with the support of the Ulster Unionists, as the Northern Ireland Assembly meets for the first time since the election.
Hartlepool United have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Nelson and Plymouth Argyle striker Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during the Premier League game between Leicester and Aston Villa on Saturday.
Three members of staff at a school where a pupil was seriously injured after getting into difficulty in a swimming pool have been arrested.
Emma Croker will make her first Six Nations start for England women as they look to maintain their winning start to the tournament against Ireland on Saturday.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday has been released on bail pending further inquiries.
Debris from a wood near Loch Ness could be the source of the Loch Ness Monster, according to a charity which manages the area.
The UK economy grew at its fastest pace for more than two years in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown, but there were signs that manufacturing output fell for the first time in two years.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed after a large piece of steel fell from the structure and landed on the road below.
Mauritius police have arrested goalkeeper Ntumba Leopold after they seized heroin with an estimated street value of more than $1m (Â£700,000) from his home.
Lewis Hamilton took a dominant victory in the Chinese Grand Prix as team-mate Nico Rosberg won his first Formula 1 race of the season.
The autobiography of the artist Damien Hirst is to be published by Penguin Books, the publisher has announced.
Aberdeen chairman David Milne has said the club will continue to press ahead with plans for a new stadium in Aberdeen.
Two dogs left homeless after their owner was killed in a motorbike crash in Snowdonia have found new owners.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a six-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a crash in which seven people were injured.
A man has been charged with murder after a woman was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Staffordshire.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Nana Attakora has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A gym which closed in January after more than a year in the West Midlands has reopened.
Benedetto Morricone has said he was "flattered" by the opportunity to work with Quentin Tarantino on The Hateful Eight, despite previously saying he found the director's films "too violent and too ghastly".
Uche Dasaolu secured his place at the Rio Olympics with a superb performance in the 100m at the British Championships in Birmingham.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report, and the country's poorest children are the most at risk of poverty.
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 100 jobs at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle, creating up to 200 new jobs.
New Leicester Lions owner Steve Bates has confirmed he will take over as the club's new chairman on 1 July.
A man has died after being found with serious head injuries at a recycling centre in Nottinghamshire.
A woman charged with murdering her three-year-old daughter has been remanded in custody at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was attacked with an axe and knife a year ago have renewed their appeal for information a year after the attack.
Contractors who use racist language and use unauthorised restraint techniques on flights should be sacked, a group of MPs has said.
A Ugandan scientist has discovered that the genetic code for breast cancer may be linked to the spread of the disease in Africa.
Early treatment for HIV could dramatically reduce the number of Aids-related deaths and complications, a major study has found.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder David McAllister on a one-year deal.
Farmers in England will be able to manage their own flood defences from April under government plans to ease pressure on flood defences.
A man who has been compared to Fred Flintstone in the TV show The Flintstone Show has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man.
More than 5,000 people a year are being conned out of money by online holiday scams, with more than 5% of victims affected last year, figures from Action Fraud show.
Ofsted inspectors have found that some private Muslim and Christian schools in England are failing to promote "fundamental British values", including respect for women and tolerance of different faiths.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 season after he was released by the Rapids following a wrist injury.
West Ham have agreed a deal to work with the club's women's team in a bid to "secure the long-term future" of the team.
Diversity is being undermined by the lack of opportunities for young people from poorer backgrounds in the arts, a report by a Labour MP has said.
Southampton progressed to the EFL Cup third round with a win over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Former Manchester United and Aston Villa manager Michael O'Leary has been awarded £1.5m in damages by Fifa after his employment claim against Al Ahli was rejected.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiring to unlawfully intercept phone calls.
Italy's Olympic athletes have been charged with failing drugs tests after the country's anti-doping authorities found 26 of their names in a doping database.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and hired men to attack her home has been jailed for 12 years.
Mexican footballer Javier Pulido, who was kidnapped on Saturday, made two emergency calls to a local emergency number while he was being held hostage and threatened his kidnapper, officials say.
Leicester City's poor start to the season continued as they were beaten at home by Bournemouth, who moved to within five points of the Premier League's top four.
Uefa president Michel Platini is to appeal against his six-month suspension from football's world governing body Fifa over a payment to his former agent.
The airline Monarch has said it is "well-positioned" to weather "tough market conditions" and is in talks with the aviation regulator about its financial situation.
Plans to create a new unitary authority in the Cotswold area could see the end of police services in the area, a police and crime commissioner has said.
A council has said it will make more cuts to services by 2019, after warning it was on the brink of going bust last year.
Goldman Sachs is to stop interviewing students in person for jobs as part of its recruitment process, in a move it hopes will help it find the next Lloyd Blankfein.
Liverpool moved to the top of the Premier League as they came from behind to beat Leicester City at Anfield.
Gloucester will face Bath in the European Challenge Cup final after a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle in the semi-final at Kingsholm.
A couple have become the first in New Zealand to marry under a new religion that believes in a "pastafarian" past, which includes a belief in a flying spaghetti and meatballs-based being.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged two Russian intelligence officers with hacking into Yahoo accounts and stealing data on more than 50 million accounts.
Football clubs should set up their own in-house ticket exchange to stop fans being "duped" into selling illegally-sold tickets, says the Football Supporters' Federation.
The chief executive of infidelity dating website Ashley Madison has been named in a data dump of emails that appears to have been hacked by a group of hackers.
The population of Northern Ireland is expected to rise by more than 1.2 million, or 1.6%, from mid-2014 to mid-2039, according to new figures.
Conor Thomas' late goal gave Swindon a late victory over Millwall in the League One game at the County Ground.
A charity is advertising the case of a man who went missing more than a month ago after receiving a letter claiming he was dead.
A lorry driver has been caught up in a crash on a country road in the south of Scotland.
Artificial intelligence has been trained to diagnose skin cancer at a higher level than trained doctors, say researchers.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not start the opening Premier League game of the season against Tottenham on Saturday, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been given a 12-month community order for drink-driving.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding.
A baby panda found in a field in Carmarthenshire has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the RSPCA.
US TV and film star Rosie O'Donnell has had a heart attack and had a stent inserted after suffering a "heart attack" last week.
A service has been held in Portsmouth to mark VJ Day.
A funeral has been held for a boxer who died after being knocked out in a fight.
The bodies of dozens of people killed in a landslide and flood in the Brazilian town of Salgar on Monday have been laid to rest in a mass funeral in the town.
The economic crisis in Venezuela is becoming more acute by the day, and the situation is becoming increasingly dire.
A light above the Houses of Parliament will be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years when it is removed for repairs, the House of Commons has announced.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side deserved to win their draw against Real Madrid despite Luka Modric's late equaliser.
A hunt manager has told a court he was present when a fox was shot by hounds at a hunt in North Lanarkshire.
A fraudster who stole thousands of pounds from his employer and sold it to his colleagues for as little as £180 has been ordered to pay back more than £115,000.
Russia's agriculture minister has said he's open to the idea of banning European wine and other European-made goods from entering the country.
A British man who was among six Britons arrested in India has been told he will not be allowed to return home until his case is heard in court.
The number of nursing and midwifery vacancies in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to official figures.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched his other son in the stomach, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for the wreck of HMS Coventry after it was sunk by a Falklands War plane has spoken of the "near misses" he had while underwater during the mission.
The Crown Estate has granted new rights to test tidal and wave energy projects off the coast of Wales.
Jockey AP McCoy has become the first man to ride more winners than any other jockey in British horse racing history after finishing his 20-year career on a high at Epsom.
A judge has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who have been delayed by technical problems on Jet2 flights, after the airline's application to have the ruling delayed was rejected.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she is "deeply concerned" by allegations that the US spied on her phone and other European targets.
Swansea City's Under-21s won the Championship title for the second time in three months on Sunday, beating Reading in the final of the EFL Trophy.
A road near Stonehenge could be "put at risk" if it is turned into a dual carriageway without adequate protection for the ancient monument, an MP has warned.
Andy Burnham has said he has an "outside but realistic chance" of winning the Labour leadership contest, after the final round of voting.
The prime minister has said he will not cut the top rate of income tax for those earning over £150,000, despite being challenged by the chancellor over the issue.
The plight of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority has been a source of intense debate since the country's new leader Aung San Suu Kyi came to power in 2015, but the issue has been largely ignored by the international community.
Income tax (IHT) is one of the most controversial parts of the tax system, and is one that many people think is largely ignored.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy a stockbroking business from Brewin Dolphin, as part of a plan to expand its financial retail division.
The BBC World Service is to be expanded with the launch of 11 new language services, in the biggest expansion of the service since the 1940s.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £1m fraud involving car and bus collisions to defraud First Group bus companies out of £159,000.
A Canadian man has told of the moment he was struck by lightning during his son-in-law's wedding ceremony - just as he was about to congratulate him on his new wife's engagement.
Children who play with smartphones and tablets while they are sleeping may be getting less sleep, a study suggests.
Cornish Pirates have signed scrum-half Laurence Pope, scrum forward Jack Pope and fly-half Jack May on one-year deals, while scrum captain Laurence Moyle has signed a new one- year contract.
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash in Cumbria.
More than half of Welsh councils are streaming their council meetings online, the Welsh Government has said, as it proposed making the practice a "statutory requirement".
A late try from Kurtley Beale helped Wasps to a comfortable win over Bath at the Ricoh Arena to move them into the Premiership's top four.
Nikkialling is one of the stars of the BBC's new show, and she's been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe online.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Scotland and Rangers footballer Robert Snodgrass on suspicion of dangerous driving.
A video has emerged online appearing to show a man apparently handing over a laptop to an alleged suicide bomber who blew himself up on a Daallo Airlines flight in Somalia last week, killing all 74 people on board.
Mauricio Macri, the man who defeated the Peronist leader Daniel Scioli in Argentina's presidential election, has been making his first public appearances since the vote.
The mother of a man accused of murdering a pensioner has told a court her son's family were "never given a proper diagnosis" of his mental health problems.
A community share sale is being planned to raise £300,000 to help fund the restoration of a Grade II-listed pier in Sussex which was destroyed by fire.
Microsoft has said it will review its search policy after it was revealed it had access to a blogger's Hotmail accounts in order to find out the identity of a former employee.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to the prescribed standard, Transport Minister Ken Skates has been told by Network Rail.
A man has died following a crash in County Antrim.
A statue of British imperialist Cecil Rhodes has been removed from a South African university campus after a protest by students.
Newport County chairman Gareth Davies has criticised the club's manager Graham Westley for questioning the value of the club using Rodney Parade because of the state of the pitch.
More than 66.6% of Welsh pupils have achieved A* to C grades in their GCSEs, according to the latest results.
East Midlands Airport has celebrated 50 years since it was officially opened as a new airfield in the East Midlands.
A list of 76 British fugitives wanted in Spain has been published as part of a campaign to bring fugitives back to the UK.
Andy Murray's coach, David Sears, has been fined £10,000 by Wimbledon for swearing at the tournament, after being caught on camera apparently swearing at a member of the British team.
Boat owners have been warned to stop disturbing seabirds and other wildlife after a number of people set up bonfires on reefs off the Jersey coast.
A decision on the name of Wrexham's new prison will be made by the government in the autumn, the BBC has learned.
Forest Green Rovers have signed Cambridge United defender Mark Roberts on a free transfer after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club.
A body has been recovered from the River Tawe in Cumbria after a man was pulled from the water by lifeboat crews.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in Gateshead.
A man accused of removing an electronic monitoring tag from his ankle by his dog has been refused bail after a judge said he was "unable to accept" his explanations.
The government's offer to buy a stake in Tata Steel is a "good move" for the Welsh industry, Sir Vince Cable has said.
A man who uses a horse-drawn car to get to McDonald's has said he will stay in the car park for six days to protest against the company's refusal to serve him.
Gary Neville's Valencia suffered a sixth straight La Liga defeat as Diego Sanabria's second-half penalty earned Levante victory at the Mestalla.
A judge in Brazil has convicted a rancher of the murder of a British-born conservationist in a land dispute in the Amazon rainforest.
A low-fat diet is more effective at losing weight than a low-carb one, according to a study by US scientists.
A prison criticised for high levels of violence and suicides has been told to make "significant improvements" by inspectors.
Scotland's Laura Muir will attempt to add to her three British indoor records when she competes in the 1500m at the European Indoor Championships in Serbia on Saturday.
The future of the NHS in Wales is a key issue in the general election campaign, with the parties saying they will not privatise it.
Some hospitals in Scotland are spending more than £3.50 per day on meals for patients, according to new figures.
Apple has warned that its revenues will fall in the next three months, after it reported flat sales of iPhones in the first quarter of the year.
A British trader accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market has appeared in court in London accused of making millions of pounds from illegal trades.
Great Britain's Davis Cup team will play Argentina in the semi-finals at the Olympic Stadium in Rio on Saturday.
An Australian airport worker has been sacked after a security check on Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney's airport was found to be "unnecessary", the foreign ministry has said.
A man has been injured after a drum of paint exploded at an industrial estate in Edenderry, County Armagh.
A former police detective who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa batsman Riki van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes as a wildfire in California continues to burn out of control, with more than 1.5 million acres (3,000 hectares) of land still under threat.
Aberdeen-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised £1.5m in funding to expand its manufacturing operations in Edinburgh.
Bank of Scotland has begun issuing a new plastic version of its £5 note, which features images of the Forth Bridge on the front and back.
Middlesbrough's Championship play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich.
When Dutee Chand was pulled out of the Commonwealth Games in 2014, she was a rising star in Indian athletics.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized more than 160kg of cannabis with an estimated street value of about €1m (£8m) in a raid in the south of the country.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the leaders of four European Union countries that the bloc should change its policy towards Israel.
A call to rename Cardiff International Airport after the late Welsh poet and poet Huw Stephens has been made by a business leader.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman found dead in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
The head of cycling's world governing body Brian Cookson has said he is not trying to " dodge any of his responsibility" for British Cycling's problems.
BBC Scotland will be hosting a live election debate on BBC Radio Scotland on Thursday, 7 May at 19:00 BST.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has told business leaders in London that he is "disappointed" by the "bias, prejudices and attacks" he says he reads in the British press.
The Church of England has approved a rise in the cost of weddings and funerals, despite concerns that it could hit poorer couples.
Relatives of two World War One soldiers whose bodies were found in Belgium have been reunited with their relatives after their remains were identified following a DNA test.
Mae cynllun peilot yng Nghymru wedi gwella cyfraddau goresgyn canser yn cael ei gael yn dilyn gael ei feddygon yn y byd yn "peri pryder
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Carwyn Jones wedi dweud yn dweu cynnwys o'r dyletswyddau yn y Mesur Diddymu Mawr yn cael eu diddymu neu eu
The Ministry of Defence is to sell off 13 military sites in England and Wales to build up to 12,000 new homes, the government has announced.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge twice came from behind to draw with Wycombe Wanderers and move off the bottom of League Two.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 71 off 49 balls as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to win the second Twenty20 international and complete a 3-0 series whitewash.
A chameleon found in a Cardiff park has been put down after being abandoned by its owners.
T in the Park organisers have unveiled a new campsite layout and improved security measures for this year's festival, which will see an estimated 90,000 people camping at the event.
A Chinese fishing boat has redetected a signal that could be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say, as a new ship arrives in the search for the plane.
If you've ever been diagnosed with depression, you'll know it's hard to find someone to talk to about it.
The BBC has learned that the BBC is to broadcast a special edition of The Apprentice on BBC One on Saturday, with a special guest appearance by former X Factor judge and former X-Factor judge, Sir Terry Wogan.
A man who died in a car crash in Fife was a coach with a Premiership rugby union club who "loved his players and loved the Wasps", his club has said.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson on a five-year contract.
League One side Birmingham City have signed striker Michael Vaughan on loan from Premier League side Chelsea until the end of the season.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
It's the football club that has been the subject of so many stories that it could be the subject for a Hollywood film.
When the first World Cup was held in India in 1954, the country was a small, largely rural country with a population of just over a million, and cricket was the dominant sport.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed character to come from behind and beat Aston Villa and end a run of three straight defeats.
Mick Fanning won the World Surf League (WSL) Pipe Masters title on the final day of competition in Hawaii, just hours after learning his brother Peter had died.
Dutchman Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire as the race returned to Yorkshire for the second year running.
Greece is one of the biggest economies in Europe, but it's been in trouble for a long time.
A man has been arrested after a man was arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun in south London.
Fifa's annual Congress in Zurich is a chance for world football's governing body to gather to discuss the latest developments in the corruption scandal that has engulfed the sport's world governing body.
The HS2 project should be abandoned because it is the "worst of the lot" and leaves commuters with "all of the pain and none of the gain", an MP has said.
A new application has been lodged for a new student housing development in Belfast city centre.
The UK film industry saw its highest ever level of investment in production last year, according to figures from the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC Proms will feature a special programme for primary school children in London in July, as part of the BBC's Ten Pieces project.
British sprinter Jarrad Mitchell-Blake has become the first British athlete to run under 20 seconds in the 200m in 20 years.
Argentina beat Guinea 4-0 to reach the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea, while England and England also progressed to the last16.
Six teenagers who robbed motorcyclists and bikers at knifepoint and stole mopeds have been jailed.
Dundee Football Club's owner has said the club could move to a new stadium site in Dundee city centre.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles with victory over elder sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards, which honour the best of the UK's TV and radio industry.
Councillors are to discuss a number of major infrastructure projects as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal later.
The Welsh Green Party has announced it will be running candidates in all local elections in Wales in May.
A park in Bristol which was bought by Crown Estates is to be transformed into a "community hub" with plans to improve parking and housing.
David Coetzer believes Scotland will be in a strong position to beat Afghanistan when the two-match one-day series begins in Edinburgh on Monday.
A house in Liverpool where John Lennon lived as a child has sold for £250,000 at auction.
A World War One medal found in a field in Gwynedd has been reunited with the family of a soldier who served in the conflict after a researcher tracked down the family.
The family of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years without his consent has said they are "devastated" after learning they are still unaccounted for.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says he is "devastated" by the injury suffered by new signing Jordan Rhodes in training on Friday.
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply on Friday, with the Shanghai Composite index closing down more than 1% for the first time in three days.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets fly-half Scott Williams.
A prison crane has been used to remove drugs and mobile phones from a roof after they were found on the roof of a jail.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to their "legendary" loved ones.
Two former prison officers have found a way to help ex-offenders find work, by treating them like "human beings".
Mexican investigators have begun exhuming the remains of more than 100 people found buried in a mass grave in the state of Morelos, in the latest step in the country's drug war.
Global warming is putting the lives of many species of animals at risk, according to new research.
Plans for a new motorway in the Gwent Levels could have a "significant" impact on protected land, a public inquiry has heard.
The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and kept interest rates unchanged.
The chairman of the Grenfell Tower inquiry has written to Theresa May asking for her support for the inquiry into the fire which killed at least 80 people.
A German federal intelligence officer has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say, in a move that could further strain relations between the two countries.
A performance of Matilda has been cancelled twice in the West End after the actress playing the title character became ill and was forced to stop the show.
Drivers are being "over-zealous" in their parking in Scotland, according to Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS).
Labour has retained all but one of its seats in Wales, with the party retaining Cardiff North and winning the Cardiff Central and Cardiff Central by more than 17,000 votes.
Eurozone finance ministers have said Greece must continue to implement reforms if it is to stay in the euro, after the pro-bailout New Democracy party won a majority in Sunday's election.
Is the decision by the oil producing group Opec to cut production going to make a difference to the price of oil?
Switzerland striker Zeli Mehmedi says Argentina's Lionel Messi is not the only reason his side are in the World Cup quarter-finals on Thursday.
David Cameron's visit to the Vale of Glamorgan today was the first time he's been to the St Athan Show in the Vale since he became prime minister.
A man who was arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted at an Aberdeen cadet base will not face charges.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season and brought in Shrewsley defender Ryan McAllister on loan for the rest of the campaign.
A documentary about caste has been refused permission to be screened at the Mumbai International Film Festival because it deals with the issue of beef.
Archaeologists say they have found what they believe to be the remains of a stone flooring from a former Jewish temple on the holiest site in Judaism and Islam.
Salmon exports from the UK have risen by more than a third in the first half of the year, according to industry figures.
Oxford United will host Championship side Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy, while Reading will travel to Championship side Reading in the second round.
A Londonderry woman has admitted stealing £1,000 from a cancer charity in Londonde, County Londerry.
Young people are the most likely victims of identity theft, with young couples and young couples the most at risk, a survey suggests.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a man was found dead at a house in Edinburgh.
More than 1,000 people have been charged with offences under the PSNI's Operation Titan since the start of the Troubles in July, the force has said.
A teenager has admitted hacking into the Mumsnet website and making changes to its Twitter and Facebook accounts.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters in Wales will go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred local authority for the next four years.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of items from the Alamo battle in Texas to the state's historical centre, saying he has been fascinated with the site since he was a child.
Castleford Tigers scored nine tries in the second half to thrash Wakefield Trinity and secure a top-eight finish in Super League.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United's relegation battle will go down to the wire and that his side have a chance of avoiding relegation.
A "bull-headed" iguana has spent three months living on top of a tree in Suffolk, refusing to come down.
The Brit Awards are coming up on Sunday night, and we're all looking forward to it!
The UK has been involved in the construction of Europe's most ambitious space survey mission to date.
The head of Uber's US division has resigned after claims that the company's management culture is sexist.
Manchester United's £35m move to sign Spain goalkeeper David de Gea from Real Madrid has collapsed after the Spanish club failed to submit the necessary paperwork in time for Monday's transfer deadline.
The US is going to ban laptops and other electronic devices from the cabin of all flights to and from Europe, and the UK is going along for the ride.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel's office and the chancellery are among the buildings targeted in last week's attacks at Brussels airport, according to reports.
A Chinese fruit-seller has died after being hit by a weight from a temporary law enforcement force, state media report, amid outrage at the use of the force by local authorities.
England midfielder Jess Middag has signed a new contract with Ajax Amsterdam, with the Dutch club set to play in the Women's Champions League in 2017.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says he has no serious eye injury after suffering a blow to his eye in a pre-season friendly on Saturday.
Danny Hylton's header rescued a point for Luton Town as they drew with Exeter City in League Two.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album of previously unreleased tracks, which he says is a "chamber of material" which will be the follow-up to his 2015 Grammy-winning album To Pimp A Butterfly.
The Ice sculptures festival in the Czech Republic has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Manchester City Council's top eight senior staff are to receive pay rises of up to 20% in the coming year.
A Canadian bill that would change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to reflect gender equality has moved closer to becoming law.
A former US gymnastics doctor accused of sexually abusing young girls has been ordered to stand trial on child sex charges.
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to kill the prime minister of the United Kingdom during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque in her home city of Derby.
Five British people have died after a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of British Columbia in Canada, a coroner has said.
American Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of a major title after winning the US Women's Open at Oakmont Country Club in California.
Tottenham midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has joined German club FC Nuremberg on a permanent deal after his loan spell from Tottenham was terminated by mutual consent.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend to death in a "jealousy attack" in front of their young children has been jailed for life for his murder.
Tony Andreu missed a late penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers shared the spoils in a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in first-half profits as it continues to be hit by restructuring costs and a writedown on its asset management business.
Argos sales have fallen for the first time in three months, despite the retailer's owner saying it is "confident" of a takeover by Sainsbury's.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the lessons of the Arab Spring and the lessons that can be learned from the violence in Syria.
Natalie Hill has been a backing singer for some of the world's biggest stars for more than 20 years.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in a major cycling event in Plymouth, including the Gran Fondo and Sky Ride.
A woman politician in the southern Indian state of Kerala has been killed in an attack by a group of masked gunmen at her office.
A man who ran over and seriously injured a police officer while trying to stop a stolen car has been jailed for four years.
A man has died after falling from a yacht off the coast of Loch Ness in the Scottish Borders.
A woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend was told by her sister to contact police about his "obsessive" stalking, a court has heard.
A collection of vintage prams, toys and other items belonging to a family-run company that made pushchairs and perambulators for children has sold for more than £6,000 at auction.
A cyclist who killed a motorcyclist by driving into him has been jailed for six months.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by nine wickets in a thrilling One-Day Cup game at Taunton to win the County Championship for the first time since 2009.
A five-year-old boy has been cautioned by police for sexting, the BBC has learned.
A man who sent a bomb threat to Bristol Airport which caused the evacuation of the airport and caused "significant disruption" to thousands of passengers has been jailed for four years.
England produced a stunning batting display to take a huge lead over Australia in the first Test and set up a chance of a historic victory in Cardiff.
Huddersfield Giants prop Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with batteries that are bigger than those used in the world's most popular smartphones.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has classed processed meat as one of five "agents" that can cause cancer, along with tobacco, alcohol, plutonium and alcohol.
 conductors on Southern rail are to stage three days of strike action in a dispute over changes to the role of conductors.
A new dissident republican group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black, who was shot dead in Northern Ireland last month.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed the UK's offer to EU citizens in the UK on their rights after Brexit, saying it was a "good start".
Kim In-kyung won the LPGA's Maybank Championship in Hawaii in a play-off with Angelique Ciganda after a thrilling final round of 67.
An Italian political party has apologised after a photo of a transgender teenager was used on a leaflet by a rival party.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has missed out on a second successive bouldering world title after finishing second at the second event of the season in China.
Dairy Crest is to sell its UK dairies business in a move to focus on its cheese and spreads business, as it continues to cut costs and cut costs.
UK consumers are "skint" and "biding their time" as they cut back on spending, according to the credit card company Visa.
A disabled man who was left with a broken leg after being trapped in a train door has called for better help for disabled people.
A fountain in a Berkshire town which was left without water for two weeks due to the hosepipe ban is to be refilled with water from a nearby lake.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to launch into space on Tuesday.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the leg in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso took his third win of the season as he held off a late challenge from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and McLaren's Jenson Button to win the Spanish Grand Prix.
At least 14 people have died in floods in Japan after heavy rain caused by torrential rain, the government has said.
If you're not at work, you're probably watching The Walking Dead.
Kilmarnock have ended the loan spells of teenage duo Liam Waddington and Callum Davies after just one day at Rugby Park.
A record number of seals have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve, with conservationists predicting another record-breaking year for the population.
The population of one of the world's rarest gibbons has crashed in China over the past 150 years, according to a study of ancient government records.
MPs have voted to approve the government's plan to raise VAT by 20% in the first rise in the tax rate since the 2008 election.
The threat to Wales' economy is "far deeper" than the steel crisis and is affecting other industries, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has secured a £1bn investment from Abu Dhabi United Group to help build thousands of new homes in the city centre.
Liverpool's Premier League title hopes are in serious doubt again when they face Chelsea at Anfield on Saturday, and I think the result will be a huge test for Brendan Rodgers' side.
England's Kirsty Williams beat compatriot and world number one Laura Waters to win her second British National Championships title in a row.
It's not often that a politician who has been accused of being a Nazi sympathiser and a Nazi supporter is suspended from the Labour Party.
Disney has announced that Frozen 2 will be the sequel to the hit 2014 animation, following the success of the original film.
The Women's FA Cup final at Wembley will have the largest crowd in the competition's history, with a record crowd of 32,912 expected, the FA has announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday, saying it was a "serious violation" of a UN resolution.
Andre Gray scored twice in the final 10 minutes as Burnley came from behind to beat struggling Bolton Wanderers and move to within two points of the Championship play-off places.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten half-century to put his side in a strong position against Nottinghamshire on day three at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the long jump at the Great North City Games to complete a successful season with victory in the Great Britain and Ireland Diamond League final in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "completely broken and devastated" by her death.
Dog poo is becoming more common on UK beaches, according to a new report.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after being sent off in the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United on Saturday.
A gang of 10 men have been found guilty of a series of raids on museums and auction houses in which artefacts worth up to £57m were stolen.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how East African leaders are learning from one another as they prepare for elections.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are the world's two largest international organisations, working to promote economic growth and development.
A man from Liverpool has completed a charity challenge to swim the length of the River Mersey in just one Speedo.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side must change their "losing mentality" after their FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal and insists they will not be relegated next season.
Gregor Townsend says Glasgow Warriors were not good enough to beat Edinburgh in his final game as head coach as they lost the 1872 Cup final at Scotstoun.
The closure of Govan Shipbuilders in Glasgow has been a blow to the UK's naval shipbuilding industry and the future of the industry in the city.
A man accused of ordering a revenge porn revenge attack on his girlfriend which left her with a "catastrophic" head injury has told a court he was ordered to carry out the attack by his ex-boyfriend.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected by England manager Roy Hodgson to play in the Euro 2016 qualifiers, says former Arsenal striker Shaun Murphy.
Andy Murray reached the last 16 of the Cincinnati Masters with a battling 6-4 6-3 6-2 win over Canadian Vasek Pospisil.
The French inventor of Etch A Sketch, the iconic toy that became one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died at the age of 89.
The government is to sell its stake in the UK's green investment bank, which has invested more than £2bn in green projects, to raise up to £1bn.
A solar-powered phone charging booth which charges smartphones from red telephone boxes in London has been launched by two students.
Samsung's decision to recall its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone over fears of overheating and fire has left many owners of the flagship device wondering what to do with their devices.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a further 13 sex offences against boys dating back to the 1960s.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken another amazing picture of Mars.
A health board has been accused of breaching confidentiality after a summary of an investigation into claims made by an MP about her husband's death was released.
A 17-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in Bristol.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools it has identified in the West Midlands.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial City Garden Project after a heated debate.
The life of a Royal Navy officer who died in the Mediterranean during World War Two is to be remembered at the home where he grew up in Dumfries and Galloway.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi will face trial for tax fraud after a Spanish court rejected a request to drop the case against him.
Rangers will play a replay in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals after being drawn away to League Two side Dunfermline Athletic.
A health group is considering suspending hospital referrals and cutting some services because it is "under-funded", the BBC has learned.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under Donald Trump if asked to be US president, if asked by the president-elect.
Hsiao Ting-chun is a Buddhist convert who has found a new way to live her faith in Taiwan.
A new outdoor garden for children at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Cardiff has been opened.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are unsure about breastfeeding their newborns, according to a survey of more than 1,000 people.
An Australian woman who was caught trying to travel to Syria to join her husband, who was killed fighting with so-called Islamic State, has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The EU is to create a single list of tax havens to punish countries that fail to change their tax arrangements, in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Nigeria defender Efe Ambrose has completed his move from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers on a season-long loan deal.
Walkers have been warned to stop attacking birds of prey in the Isle of Man after three people were seen attacking them with sticks and stones.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Monday, with Bank of America leading the way after the bank reported better-than-expected profits.
Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to reach a deal on the future of the BHS pension scheme, the BBC understands.
Scotland second row Leone Nakarawa is to leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season after agreeing a one-year contract extension.
Batsman and off-spinner Jeetan Patel has signed a new contract with Derbyshire, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.
The number of women being diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise by 65% in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former military commanders have written to Prime Minister David Cameron calling for a review of the defence review, saying the loss of the aircraft carrier Ark Royal has left Britain "unsafe and vulnerable".
Scientists are planning to drill down to the deepest part of the earth and see if there's anything living there.
A study suggests that people prefer to be zapped than left alone with their thoughts for even a brief period of time, and that they prefer to do something nasty to happen to themselves.
Two more people have been arrested over the fatal dog attack of a 15-year-old girl in Kent.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian killed in a suspected hit-and-run incident in south London.
Scientists have discovered how jumping spiders use their silk to control their jumping manoeuvres.
Exeter Chiefs trio Tomas Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will have the support of new owner Francesco Becchetti in his new role at the League Two club.
The new season is almost here, and the new players are starting to make their debuts.
The prospect of a snap election in Northern Ireland is the main story on the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter on Wednesday.
Domino's Pizza Group, the UK's biggest delivery chain, has reported a rise in profits for 2015, helped by a "massive increase" in online orders and a rise of more than a third in sales from its app.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Hibernian and Blackpool midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital Tunis, the prime minister has said, in the country's worst terror attack since the 2003 Sousse beach attack.
The Ulster Unionist Party leader, Jim Murphy, has said he is "disappointed" by the level of support the party has received in Northern Ireland.
The African Union (AU) assembly was a sea of red and white, and the crowd was packed to the rafters as President Barack Obama addressed the gathering in Nairobi.
Northern Ireland's Michael Farquhar has been released from hospital after being seriously injured in a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event in County Tyrone.
The number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has risen sharply, with more than 100 incidents in the past year, according to figures from the police.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help" to manage his medications and a sleep disorder.
The US has called on all parties in Syria to fully abide by a cessation of hostilities in the northern city of Aleppo, which comes into effect on Thursday.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will find out their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday when the draw for the knockout stages of the Champions League takes place.
A man set fire to a house with 11 people inside, including four children, after turning on the gas valves on the kitchen cooker, a court has heard.
The row over French President Francois Hollande's proposal to strip convicted terrorists of their French nationality has exposed the deep divisions within his own party, writes the BBC's Guy De Launey in Paris.
The Green Party has said it will scrap the tax on sanitary products if it wins the general election and replace it with a tax on airship sales.
A cash machine has been blown up and a large amount of money stolen during an armed robbery at a pharmacy in the Scottish Borders.
The Co-op has been ordered to provide customers with separate quotes for insurance quotes that do not include no claims bonus protection.
South African prosecutors have begun an appeal against the acquittal of Oscar Pistorius of murder, a year after the athlete was cleared of the murder of his girlfriend.
The Russian foreign minister has accused the US of trying to preserve a jihadist group in Syria as a "plan B" in case it needs to change the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A giant slide has opened in a city centre street to encourage people to get active and help raise money for cancer research.
A high-profile Chinese documentary on the state of China's air pollution has been removed from the popular video-sharing website Youku, just days after the government promised to tackle the problem.
A man has been left badly shaken after being threatened by a gang of men who broke into his home in west Belfast.
Jake Sheppard's late goal rescued a point for Dagenham and Redbridge as they came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
The number of children and young people in England and Wales who have been sexually exploited is "unprecedented", says a report by the government's children's watchdog.
Edrington Distilleries has announced that Crawford Gillies is to succeed Jim Murray as chairman of the spirits firm.
(Close): The pound rose against the euro and the dollar on Tuesday, as the pound continued to recover from Monday's sharp losses.
The Afghan Taliban have released the first audio message from their new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, in which he calls for unity and says he will not impose his will on his rivals.
Teenage Glamorgan bowler Luke Tongue produced a superb spell of bowling to help Worcestershire fight back from 14-3 to reach 246-7 on day one of their Championship match against Glamoda at New Road.
A man accused of hitting a lollipop lady outside a school in Bedfordshire has told a court he is "truly sorry" for what he has done to her and her family.
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup in Russia after suffering a back injury.
A charity fundraising page set up for a triathlon competitor who died after going missing during the event has raised more than £12,000 in the past week.
Barcelona have paid more than 13m euros (£13.5m) in back taxes on the signing of Neymar, as they continue to face a tax case over the Brazilian's transfer from Santos.
The US was the biggest source of investment in the world's clean energy sector in 2011, according to a new table.
A temporary footbridge is to be built to replace a damaged road bridge in a North Yorkshire town after a deal was reached to build a permanent one.
A football club has returned to its home town for the first time in more than a decade after playing its first match in morethan a decade.
A Dundee man has admitted importing 50 stun guns that could be used as a stun gun and a baton for the use of as a gun.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has resigned after less than two years in charge of the troubled airline.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was found with serious head injuries in a residential street in West Lothian.
A contestant on a TV talent show has been compared to an elephant after his tan was so bad it caused a social media storm.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has been embroiled in a fresh controversy over his past, this time over claims that he was a high school bully and attempted to murder a relative.
Former Fifa executive committee member Samson Adamu has denied he is under investigation by the world football governing body.
African art is worth more than $1bn (£620m) a year and is one of the world's biggest private sector employers, according to the International Monetary Fund.
Three new studies of dark matter have made maps of the cosmos that tell us more about the nature of the stuff we think we know about the Universe.
Nigeria's senate has approved a bill that would make it a crime to post abusive messages on social media, sparking outrage among social media users.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho should have apologised to club physiotherapist Eva Carneiro after being found guilty of misconduct, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information on the leaders of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, which has been blamed for a spate of attacks on churches and other establishments.
A cat called George has been getting lots of attention in the supermarket aisle in Manchester, England, for his love of shopping.
A German aid group says it has been attacked by armed men on a speedboat off the coast of Libya, forcing it to abandon a rubber dinghy carrying migrants.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier killed in Afghanistan by a roadside bomb while on a Javelin missile patrol.
The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats were the biggest spenders on the European election campaign, with UKIP and the SNP the second and third biggest respectively, figures show.
Hull KR have appointed former St Helens academy player and England Under-20 international forward Joe Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Republican lawmakers have dismissed President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department, saying it would be a "disaster" for the US military and would not win the war against the Islamic State group.
Are you ever tempted to think that the snow outside your window in the Indian city of Bangalore is actually a fake?
A murder investigation has been launched after a pensioner was found dead and a woman was stabbed in Cardiff.
The medals for the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio have been unveiled, with the front featuring a design inspired by the London 2012 Games.
More than 100 shops have closed down since the ban on the sale of so-called legal highs in England and Wales came into force in May, the Home Office has said.
The BBC's annual Astrophotography Awards are now in their 11th year, with the shortlist for this year's prize for the best astronomical image being announced on 5 December.
The US stock market's Nasdaq exchange has had a bit of a glitch, and it's left us wondering what we could buy for the equivalent of $123.47.
A man who admitted taking more than 100 indecent images of women by secretly filming them with his mobile phone has been jailed for 18 months.
Talks aimed at phasing out a key greenhouse gas are expected to reach a deal on Thursday in Rwanda.
Mobile phone operator EE has tested internet balloons and drones that can be used to provide coverage in the skies above the UK.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says the Six Nations match against England at Twickenham will be one of the toughest Tests of his career.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam for suggesting he supports the Islamic State group, saying he "misunderstood" what he was saying.
A planning application for a wind farm on Skye has been approved by councillors.
The government is facing a "parliamentary guerrilla warfare" over its Brexit bill, with Labour demanding concessions in order to win its backing, the BBC has been warned.
Ride-sharing service Uber has admitted it is losing more than $1bn (£7.5bn) a year in China, its chief executive has said, according to reports.
Parents of children at a holiday camp which was closed after a director was charged with child abuse offences will be given refunds, the company's co-founder has said.
Canelo Alvarez says he is "not afraid of anyone" after his stunning victory over Amir Khan and is ready to fight middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin.
A man who died after his light aircraft crashed at the Ulster Airfield in Dundonald on Saturday has been named as David McKnight.
Preston North End have paid tribute to England legend Tom Finney, who has died at the age of 90 after a short illness, following his death from cancer.
Watford have signed Dutch striker Marvin Verheydt from Dutch club Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), in a major reshuffle.
A baby died after his mother was turned away from a hospital and left in labour for six hours before being delivered by emergency caesarean section, an inquest has heard.
The government's proposed reforms to the UK's banking system fall well short of the key requirement of ring-fencing, the body that advises the government on banking reform has said.
A man has been shot dead in a shooting in Sheffield.
A second French tourist has died while snorkelling on an Australian reef, the second in two days, after being found unconscious at the bottom of a reef.
A protein that can be made from venom from venomous spiders could help prevent brain damage after a stroke, according to a study.
A plan to build a joint training college for the fire and prison services in Northern Ireland has been revised, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Gwynedd.
The ball is being bowled, the bowler is in the process of bowling, and a group of players are gathered around the cricket bat in a field in Guyana.
"It's like little deaths," says Andy Johnson, whose seven-year-old son Jack has a rare muscle-wasting disease which will probably kill him before he turns 30.
A woman jailed for stealing £1m from a Dumfries and Galloway castle owner has launched an appeal against her conviction and sentence.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost his sponsorships from Speedo, Ralph Lauren and Syneron-Candela, the latest in a string of companies to drop him.
Durham beat Hampshire by eight wickets to secure their place in the County Championship Division Two play-offs and end Lancashire's hopes of staying in the top flight.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to sign more players as they look to maintain their promotion push to the Premier League.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans for a new office development in the city's waterfront.
Claire Houghton, a paralysed former event-rider, is preparing to run the London marathon in a robotic walking suit.
The US justice department has accused the San Diego County Sheriff's Office of failing to improve conditions for inmates in its jails, saying conditions are "unacceptable".
A man has been given a rare glimpse of a grapefruit grown in the UK for the first time after a farmer in Sheffield planted it in his garden.
He's been called the 'man of the match' at the ATP World Tour Finals in London, but it turns out that tennis player Arash Nalbandian is not the only one who's been in trouble at the tournament.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford praised Luke Rowe's "incredible" effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France after he finished the race as a last-minute replacement for the Briton.
Scientists have discovered a fossilised fossil of a coal-eating fruit that dates back more than 4,000 years.
Hamilton Academical boss Martin Canning is hoping new Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha can learn from his predecessor Martin Canners when the sides meet on Saturday.
England have recalled fast bowler Steven Finn for the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston, which starts on Wednesday.
The European Space Agency's (Esa) first space demonstrator has successfully re-entered the Earth's atmosphere, crashing into the Pacific Ocean.
The decision on whether to approve the redevelopment of a Jersey high school has been delayed by a month.
A Greek court has found former Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a list of bank account holders leaked by a former HSBC employee.
A hospital has said it rejected a £1,000 blind for a patient after a doctor complained it was "too expensive" when it was offered for £1.25.
Russia's opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been jailed for five years for embezzlement, after being found guilty of embezlement in a timber company trial in the city of Kirov.
A man who raped a pensioner in her own home in south London has been found guilty of a string of sex offences.
The number of NHS fertility treatment cycles that couples in Scotland are entitled to should be increased to three, a charity has said.
Hospitals in England are struggling to cope with rising demand and are failing to meet the four-hour waiting time target for A&E, doctors say.
A tram line in Manchester city centre has run its first test run as part of a £1.2bn project to improve transport in the city centre.
The US drugmaker Mylan is to launch a cheaper version of its EpiPen after criticism of its recent price rises.
Britain's Kell Brook will have surgery on an eye injury sustained in his world title defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.
The Cardiff Half Marathon is to go ahead despite the council saying it is "working hard" to ensure the event goes ahead despite a lack of funding.
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie is worth more than £5m and could be sold to a club "from here to wherever", according to his manager.
The UK government is to allow other countries to fish in UK waters after Brexit, Michael Gove has said.
An Indian soldier who was trapped under an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week has been declared dead, the army has said.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures, the slowest rate of growth since the first quarter of 2015.
Wigan's game against Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
A branch of a Poundland store has been damaged in an explosion and fire.
Police have appealed for witnesses to a rape in Glasgow in which a woman was attacked and raped by a man who knocked her to the ground and then raped her.
Humberside's chief constable has written to head teachers asking them to allow police officers on leave during school holidays.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have begun a second search for evidence at a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has said he would not exclude himself from being prime minister if he was forced to form a coalition with the SNP, as David Cameron urged voters to back his preferred candidate.
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots, but American football has been the talk of the country this weekend with the New York Giants beating the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL's biggest game.
A man who killed his granddaughter by deliberately injuring her has been jailed for life.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat League Two Taunton Town and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan have signed Colin Ingram from Australia's Adelaide Strikers for the 2017 Big Bash League.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) could be forced to move jobs from Newport to London, according to a union.
In a small, run-down room in a refugee camp in northern Iraq, a group of Yazidi women were talking about the horrors of the Islamic State (IS) takeover of their homeland.
Australia batsman Michael Clarke made his first century since the death of team-mate Phillip Hughes in December to help his side beat South Africa in the second Test.
A disabled access problem at Bristol's railway station has been raised by campaigners after the station's main door was closed for the second time in a year.
Ukrposhta, the postal service in Ukraine, has been hit by a cyber attack that has left its website offline for the second time in a week.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as James Bond's Q in the 1983 James Bond film Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 88.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma, extending his stay at the Italian club until the end of the 2016-17 season.
South Africa's Hashim Amla and Quinton de Kock hit centuries as they beat England by eight wickets in the third one-day international to level the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the renegotiation of the UK's EU deal is unlikely to have an impact on business in Northern Ireland, according to a survey by the organisation.
A double-decker bus has caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate, south London, causing a major road to be closed.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite by 5% in the UK, according to reports.
A new building at Glasgow School of Art has opened its doors, just a few metres from the iconic Mackintosh building in Renfrew Street.
The Scottish Labour leader Owen Smith has told MEPs that he is "proudly Scottish and proudly European".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has played his last Test innings, hitting a single off India's Ravindra Jadeja on the final day of the series.
High winds and heavy rain have caused disruption to travel and caused disruption across Scotland, with some roads and bridges closed and historic sites closed.
The European Commission has announced a package of measures to help Northern Ireland's dairy farmers, but there will be no increase in the milk intervention price.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha praised his side's battling qualities despite their 1-0 defeat by Hearts.
A team of conservationists from Japan is to visit Scotland to help with the reintroduction of the Japanese otter to the wild.
When I arrived in Bangkok in the summer of 2015, I had no idea what I was in for.
The Liberal Democrats have condemned a UKIP candidate for saying the NHS should not treat foreigners with HIV for free after she appeared to question the cost of treatment for British patients.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season after eight years at the club.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out a routine test before every launch, and it is usually a good sign that all is well.
UK police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work in the country, the Met Police has said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra scored a century as his side drew with Hampshire in a draw at Southampton.
UKIP's assembly group leader has been criticised for not living in Wales, amid calls for a change to the rules on assembly election candidates.
The shadow chancellor is on the warpath.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season after three and a half years at the German team.
A prison has been placed in special measures after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record for the oldest person to ride a bike on a dual carriageway.
The brother of a British man found dead in Thailand has said he is "heartbroken" after his mother's death and is urging the authorities to investigate his death.
Arsenal Ladies have announced they are to change their name to 'Women' from the start of the 2017-18 season.
A man found dead in a wooded area in Surrey has been named by police.
A British teacher who died in China from carbon monoxide poisoning died from carbon dioxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
Labour has defied its leadership by voting against a Conservative plan to force future governments to run a budget surplus when the economy is growing, the BBC understands.
The organisers of the UK's oldest carnival have announced plans to mark the 50th anniversary of the event with a series of events.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is "strong and ready" to return to action after making his first appearance since September.
A US man has been charged with terrorism offences after being arrested in New York on Tuesday.
Brighton came from behind to beat Ipswich Town and go top of the Championship for the first time this season.
Thieves have stolen a cash machine and a van in a raid on a shop in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea has said her "hard work and dedication" will be missed by her colleagues.
Ski Scotland has recorded its busiest ever winter season with more than 400,000 visitors visiting the Highlands and Islands.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told him he was "getting a letter of support from the republican people" when he was questioned by police about the IRA murder of the Belfast woman.
Have you ever wondered what you could do with a giant dinosaur that has been languishing in your local museum for years?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby boy who died after being found with serious head injuries.
The DUP's health minister, Edwin Poots, has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of the "stench" of the IRA's activities in Northern Ireland.
A 15-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who thought he was a police officer before being taken to a woodland area and raped and killed by another man, a court has heard.
Wigan Warriors prop Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
Thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
Each of the main parties in Wales have a manifesto for the general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says he is "desperate" to add to his squad this week, despite failing to sign any new players so far.
Blackpool and Colchester shared the spoils in a draw at Bloomfield Road as the League One strugglers drew 1-1.
China has "committed to do something about" the over-capacity of its steel industry, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
A police officer who died after a battle with cancer has been remembered as a "true friend" as his funeral was held at Durham Cathedral.
More people in Wales are getting super-fast internet, according to a report from communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being asked to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Machynlleth.
A church spire damaged by woodpeckers has been saved from demolition after being awarded a lottery grant.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called the phone number of rival Lindsey Graham, a key rival in the race for the party's nomination, and asked for his number.
US President Barack Obama has celebrated the opening of the first day of the healthcare exchanges under his signature healthcare law, despite a government shutdown and technical glitches.
A bomb hoax device that caused a security alert in Londonderry was a "disgrace to the community", police have said.
The US government is proposing new rules to reduce the number of times drivers use electronic devices while driving, in an effort to cut down on distraction-related crashes.
A Northern Ireland delegation of politicians and human rights activists is in Colombia for the first time to discuss the peace process between the Colombian government and the Farc rebel group.
A man has been rescued after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry in the early hours of the morning.
Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season as Yorkshire and Surrey's hopes of a first County Championship win of the year took a blow on day three at The Oval.
A driver who crashed his car into a house in West Sussex, causing a fire and damaging several other vehicles, has been banned from driving for six months.
Ken Morley has apologised for his behaviour on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother after receiving a third complaint about his behaviour.
Irish Water has said it is hopeful that a burst water main which has been causing disruption to thousands of customers in the Republic of Ireland will be fixed in two weeks.
A woman has been stabbed in the neck during an armed robbery at a shop in Londonderry.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood has been nominated to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party.
A town that has twice been named Scotland's "most dismal" has won the Scottish Carbuncle award for the third time.
Police have seized a "substantial" quantity of cannabis with an estimated street value of £1.5m in a raid in the Isle of Man.
Labour needs to be "hugely ambitious" in its election manifesto to win back support in Wales, a former minister has said.
Annika Sorenstam believes England's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world and is backing the Briton to be a European captain's pick for next year's Solheim Cup.
A £1m investment in a lost item tracker company offered on BBC Scotland's My Lupo programme has fallen through.
Bangladesh has restored power supplies to most of the country after a power blackout that hit the country on Saturday.
Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of Sport NI's working culture following the resignation of nine of its board members.
The NHS in England is to stop paying for some cancer drugs the health watchdog has rejected for widespread use on the NHS.
A publican who stabbed a gay man in the neck with a steak knife after calling him a "queer" has been jailed for eight years.
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State have been told they have been married, their lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been banned for four games after being sent off in the 2-2 draw with Burnley and fined £10,000 by the Football Association.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers have been stolen from a stately home in a burglary.
A private hospital where abuse of patients with learning disabilities was uncovered was "poorly managed" and failed to act on concerns raised about the safety of patients, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the club to join Division Two side Derbyshire on a two-year contract.
Raffaele Sollecito, the Italian man who spent more than four years in jail with his US girlfriend Amanda Knox after she was found dead in her flat in 2007, has had his conviction for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher overturned by Italy's Supreme Court.
Jordan Spieth's Masters collapse will " scar" him for a while, says former Masters champion Nick Faldo, who was at Augusta when the American lost a five-shot lead to lose the tournament.
Botswana's Isaac Makwala says he was "sabotaged" by the IAAF after being barred from the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak.
Middlesbrough scored two first-half goals as they beat Bournemouth to record their first home win of the season and end a run of three straight defeats.
Lord Bannside is a man who has been in and out of hospital for seven months and is still recovering from heart problems, but he is still a formidable political figure and a man with a lot to say.
Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Scott Brown on a season-long loan deal.
Belgian police have arrested three people suspected of planning attacks on police and military targets in Brussels, officials say.
Theresa May has been heckled by angry residents of Grenfell Tower as she met survivors and survivors at a church in west London, a day after she met firefighters but not residents at the scene of the fire.
Leigh Centurions have agreed a deal to sign England half-back Ryan Chase from Salford Red Devils, subject to a medical and a work permit.
Dundee to London Stansted air service will continue for another two years after the current contract was extended for a further two years.
Anglo American shares have fallen 12.3% after the mining giant announced plans to cut more than half of its workforce as part of a $5.5bn (£3.3bn) restructuring.
The team of French cyclist Christian Demoitie, who died after being hit by a motorbike during a race on Sunday, has said the rider was not going too fast.
Ireland and Ulster back Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with the province.
The US space agency has launched a mission to an asteroid called Bennu, which will return a sample-return mission in 2023.
A judge has ruled that a woman who took her son to the UK from Japan in breach of his custody rights should return him to Japan.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled on to rocks.
Kenyan police have found the bodies of at least 10 people in a mass grave in the north-eastern region of the country's Rift Valley, officials say.
A powerful cyclone has killed at least 11 people and injured more than 100 in Vanuatu, the Pacific nation's president has said.
The UK's immigration minister, Simon Harrington, has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK since the government announced it would accept 20,000.
A charge on criminals who fail to pay court costs is "unfair" and "unnecessarily high", MPs have said.
Asda has admitted that it left its website open to hackers for more than two years, leaving customers' personal information at risk.
A former drug cartel pilot who was once a pilot who flew cocaine from Colombia to the US has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man with an axe.
Mexico stunned Brazil to win Olympic gold for the first time in their history with a shock 2-0 victory in the men's football final at Wembley.
The round £1 coin is set to be replaced by a 12-sided version from next month, the Royal Mint has announced.
Former world number one Ivan Lendl says he has had a number of enquiries about returning to coaching Andy Murray after their four-year partnership.
A woman has told a rape trial she fought for her life after being raped in an Edinburgh street.
Former England manager Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland's new manager on a two-year contract.
It's not every day you see a young man dressed in denim dungarees out on a shooting range - but that's exactly what Ben Llewellin is doing.
Lawyer Amal Clooney has called for a UN investigation into the genocide of Yazidis by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
A troubled academy school in Southampton is to be merged with another in a bid to save £1m, its owners have said.
Seven migrants accused of setting fire to a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day have been charged with attempted murder, German police say.
David Cameron has said he will allow ministers to campaign with their " conscience" in the EU referendum, reversing his previous position that they would not be allowed to campaign together.
A US appeals court has upheld a ruling that Brendan Dassey, the man featured in Netflix's Making a Murderer documentary, should be freed from prison.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to security flaws from a hacking group has been abandoned after it was criticised for potentially benefiting the group itself.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a fee of £10m on a three-year deal.
The government has been accused of failing to show that some academy chains are not doing well, despite the fact that they have been given political protection.
Doctor Who fans have been given a "thrilling" boost after the discovery of two complete episodes of The Web of Fear, which were thought to have been lost forever.
Shares in logistics group Menzies have fallen more than 7% after it said it was "disappointed" by the disruption caused by the closure of London Gatwick Airport.
Russia has accused Boris Johnson of being a "poodle of Washington" after he cancelled a visit to Moscow to discuss the Syrian crisis.
A police force has been criticised for a poster on its Facebook page which it says is "inciting fear" in children.
Police are investigating a new allegation of historical child sex abuse against the former Labour peer Lord Janner, the BBC has learned.
Lincoln Ladies have confirmed they will merge with Notts County Ladies and will move to Meadow Lane in the summer of 2014.
The violence that has resulted from flag protests in Belfast is damaging Northern Ireland's image around the world, Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Singer and actress Nicole Scherzinger has said she will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia.
England women completed a 3-0 series whitewash over world champions New Zealand with a convincing win at Twickenham.
A drug could help prolong the life of joint replacements and reduce the number of operations, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering six of her own babies.
Head teachers have warned that the Trojan Horse allegations of a plot to undermine head teachers in England are still being used to pressure schools.
Matty Taylor scored twice in the final 10 minutes as Bristol Rovers came from two goals down to snatch a dramatic draw at MK Dons.
A trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised by anti-GM protestors.
It was a week that saw Fabian Delph's future at Aston Villa in doubt, a move to Manchester City in the balance and a lot of speculation.
A hospital's accident and emergency department where a patient died and another was left sitting on a bedpan for hours has been criticised by the Care Quality Commission.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to be questioned by the Scottish government over the findings of a review into the death of Bailey Gwynne at a school in Aberdeen.
For four years, Ryan Hunter was not only a professional catering manager, but he was also a professional drug addict.
The University of Nottingham has launched a new degree course in Urdu, offering students a degree in the language as part of their undergraduate degree.
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of being involved in a criminal trade in oil from Islamic State militants.
Police at Download have been encouraging fans to pose for selfies with armed officers at the festival, saying it is "safe" to do so.
The UK will not begin formal negotiations to leave the EU until October or November, the former president of the European Council has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the third quarter of the year will miss forecasts, sending its shares down more than 7% in after-hours trading.
Chinese police have seized alcohol and a drug that could be used to make Viagra, in the country's biggest food and drug bust since the 2008 milk scandal.
A council has said a waste management dispute which has led to a backlog of rubbish being dumped in Somerset will be resolved by the end of the week.
Talk has said that less than 4% of its customers have sensitive data at risk after a cyber attack on its website.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after a third-round 66 at the US Open left him three shots clear at the halfway stage.
A student-built electric car has set a new world record for the fastest car to reach 100kph (62mph) in under two seconds.
A British army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial he was "animal" in his behaviour, a court- martial has heard.
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if his player punched Saracens' Jack Skelton after the latter's challenge on James Davies.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery.
The annual Ice sculptures festival in the Chinese city of Beijing has been held for the third time.
Two Ghanaian DJ's have made a new track called The Busy Twist, a dance track inspired by the country's highlife culture, and have been using it to capture the joy of the people of Ghana.
Tens of thousands of football fans were left frustrated after being stuck in long queues to get into a FA Cup match.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday, despite a better-than-expected jobs report, which was seen as a positive sign for the US economy.
Kevin Pietersen's England career has ended in a dramatic end after a long-running dispute with the cricket board.
Scientists have identified 93 genes that can cause breast cancer, the most complete ever list of the genetic errors that cause the disease.
Scientists have identified a link between genetic and environmental factors and the causes of chronic pain.
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row.
Staff at London Metropolitan University are to vote on whether to take strike action over plans to cut up to 1,000 jobs.
Dundee United eased to victory over Stirling Albion to move up to third in the Championship.
Glamorgan were made to toil by Kent in the first one-day international of the season as they were bowled out for just 138 on the opening day at Canterbury.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with killing a 15-year old boy and his aunt in a car crash after a police pursuit.
A family whose daughter died after a boat capsized have launched a safety campaign to raise awareness of boating safety.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has triggered his release clause in his contract after the club activated it.
Nigeria's Nigeria captain, Odion Ighalo, is among the players nominated for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year award.
A road closed after a lorry and a car crashed into each other outside a bus depot has reopened.
Olympic runner Andrew Pollock has run his best finish in a marathon since the Rio Games as he finished ninth in the Cardiff Half Marathon on Sunday.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called for the appointment of a new leader to work with the country's Crown Prince Salman al-Khalifa to end the political crisis in the Gulf state.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints about a geography lesson in which students were asked to trace a piece of Arabic calligraphy that translated to: "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah".
Jordi Cruyff's son Jordi has thanked fans for their "love, kind words and memories" following the death of his father Johan Cruyj.
Petra Kvitova beat American Coco Vandeweghe 6-4 6-3 6-2 to reach the Aegon Classic semi-finals in Birmingham, her first match since returning from a career-threatening hand injury.
A new flag featuring the Ulster and Union flags has been unveiled in Belfast to reduce the number of paramilitary flags flying in public places.
Kris Meeke has won his third World Rally Championship title in four years after a late crash helped him to victory in Rally Argentina.
A self-driving car developed by Baidu has been stopped by police in Beijing after an executive from the search giant's self-drive unit was filmed driving it while on a conference call.
Brian Matthew was one of the most influential and influential figures in British pop music history.
Sale Sharks' Sam Charnley is hoping to take his time learning the game of rugby union and not have to ask for advice from his new team-mates.
The Israeli police have appointed an Arab officer to a top post in an effort to improve policing in the country's Arab communities.
As the Conservatives prepare to put Theresa May in the running for the North-East of England, the BBC's Paul Wood asks whether the party's former leader in the region can win back the hearts and minds of the people who have been turned off by her predecessor, Margaret Thatcher.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has suffered a broken hand after slicing it open during a live performance in Mexico.
A former senior police officer has said there is "real scope" for cannabis to be decriminalised in Northern Ireland.
Johnny Sexton will make his first start of the British and Irish Lions tour as they face the Maori All Blacks in the second match of their New Zealand tour on Saturday.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not declare they are deaf, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a barber's shop in Liverpool, the latest in a series of shootings in the city in recent weeks.
The United Nations has been criticised for naming Wonder Woman as its first female honorary ambassador.
A former Royal Marine who was left paralysed after a shallow sea dive was not "on duty" when he fell into the sea, a court has heard.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after meeting him for the first time since his election victory.
The knockout stages of the European Championship are here, and the tournament is coming to an end.
A transgender woman who was jailed for assaulting a fellow inmate has appealed against her sentence, saying she is being treated unfairly at a prison where she is the only inmate.
A man and his dog had to be rescued after their car became trapped in a lake in Hertfordshire when a suspected arsonist tried to smash the window.
It's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was released, and it's still one of the most popular computers in the UK today.
Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Jordan Pigott on a season-long loan deal after he was released by Charlton Athletic.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write the script for a TV adaptation of Philip K Dick's sci-fi novel Electric Dreams.
A girl has been shot in the head and is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in a domestic incident in Northamptonshire.
A 95-year-old man who phoned a BBC radio show to talk about his wife's dementia has been taken to the studio by the show's producer after listeners offered to pay for him to sit in on the studio.
A hospital's decision to temporarily close its maternity unit could put the lives of women in Oxfordshire at risk, an MP has warned.
A new vein of Blue John, a rare and valuable gemstone, has been discovered in a cave in the Peak District.
Indian sprinter Gurpreet Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of tampering with his sample after he failed a drugs test.
The use of tablet computers in schools is growing rapidly, with more than half of schools now having at least one device for every pupil, a study of more than 600 schools in England suggests.
Students at Queen's University Belfast have begun a sit-in protest against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have signed former Derby County player Kolo Camara on a two-year deal after his contract with the Rams was terminated.
The singer-songwriter James Bay has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album Architect, which he says was inspired by his time sleeping rough in Paris.
A man has been arrested in South Africa on suspicion of murdering a man in a "love triangle" in a stabbing in the Western Cape province, police say.
Poland's government has said it will ask a court to investigate former Prime Minister Donald Tusk over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 others.
Cardiff City have revealed they paid out more than £2m in "exceptional costs" during their relegation from the Premier League last season.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Brighton.
A woman who worked in Sheffield's steelworks during World War Two has said she is "heartbroken" that the city's women steelworkers have not been recognised for their work.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson is likely to miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury.
All images are copyrighted... and all images are subject to copyright.
Ireland suffered a huge blow to their World Cup hopes as fly-half Jonathan Sexton, captain Paul O'Connell and flanker Peter O'Mahony were all forced off with injuries as they beat France in a bruising contest in Cardiff.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy from Rhondda Cynon Taff who suffered "catastrophic" head injuries.
Mauritius Prime Minister Mahama Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after 35 years in office, saying he will not seek re-election.
The world's first synthetic windpipe has been created using tissue taken from a patient in Sweden, in what surgeons say is a breakthrough in regenerative medicine.
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa has completed his move to Hearts from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod on a three-year deal.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of "ongoing family situation" and will not play at the tournament in New York.
A football club has paid tribute to a player who was found dead in his hotel room in Liverpool after a match in the city.
A bus driver and passengers on a London bus are being encouraged to sing along to a piece of art on the vehicle.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City beat Aston Villa to move out of the relegation zone and move within three points of the top three.
People have been using WhatsApp to share their experiences of the world's most recent events, and to help us bring you the news as they happen.
The UK has been hit by a series of extreme weather events in the past year, and scientists are warning that the country's climate could be set for even more extremes in the future.
Cambridge United secured a FA Cup fourth-round tie at Manchester United for the first time in their history as they held the Premier League side to a goalless draw in the fourth round.
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to stop their bombardments of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, after Turkey launched an offensive against them.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in the west end of Glasgow.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a meat market.
Peterborough United boss Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" from their FA Cup final disappointment.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted closures on 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed no evidence of a public health risk.
The EU has warned Russia against "provocative" moves that could have a negative impact on a key oil pipeline in the Black Sea region of Georgia.
Pupils at my school in Paris have been recalling the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks, and the lessons they learned about the lessons of the past year, as part of a BBC investigation into the lessons taught by teachers in the city.
The European Union's Ebola mission has cut its staff and assets by half and moved its headquarters from Ghana to the capital, Accra, to reduce the impact of the epidemic.
Rescue teams in Nepal have rescued more people from the rubble of buildings damaged by Saturday's earthquake, as the death toll from the disaster rises to 6,130.
Shares in health care companies rose after the US Supreme Court ruled that the healthcare law's subsidies for low-income Americans can be extended for another year.
BBC Sport will broadcast live commentary of Bridlington Town's FA Cup first-round tie against South Shields at Wembley Stadium as part of the BBC's coverage of the 2017-18 European Championship.
I was sitting in Paris last week and I was feeling pretty good about my own performance.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to accept the resignation of three suspended legislators who had been barred from the body by the Supreme Court.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry with suspected human traffickers in the back was found in Bedfordshire.
Children who read often and for pleasure have a greater chance of doing well in maths, spelling and vocabulary, a study suggests.
St Mirren's John Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct and could face a three-match ban after being charged by the Scottish Football Association.
For centuries the Church of England has had only men as its leaders.
A former boss of Greggs bakery chain was an "abuser of children" who concealed his true nature behind a "veneer of respectability", a court has heard.
The Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in profits for 2012.
The deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, in which 67 people were killed by gunmen who used grenades and guns to storm the building, has prompted a rethink in the country's security arrangements.
The US has begun training and arming Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State group, in what it says is the first phase of a multi-million dollar programme to support the opposition in the country.
France is heading into uncharted waters after the first round of the presidential election.
The funeral of a DJ who went missing for more than a year has been held.
Friends and family of Adam Lanza, the 19-year-old who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, have spoken of his shy and withdrawn nature, and how he may have had a mental health problem.
Ireland's women's hockey team have won the World League 2 title in Belfast after beating England 4-1 in the final.
A health trust has admitted failing to provide safe care and treatment after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit.
Two men have been arrested after armed police stopped a car in Luton in Bedfordshire in a drugs operation.
The chancellor, George Osborne, has told me that the UK economy is in a "goldilocks situation" - that is, it is growing at the rate it was at before the Brexit vote, but not at the level that was expected.
The Liberal Democrats and UKIP have clashed over the issue of immigration and the NHS in Wales.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-3 6-2 to win the Brisbane International and claim his first ATP title of the year.
Morecambe's winless run in League Two extended to seven games as they were beaten at home by Mansfield.
Two masked men who attacked a man in his Kilmarnock home in a "vicious attack" are being sought by police.
Former Rangers midfielder Barry Ferguson says Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the key moments of the club's season.
Newport County chairman David Foxall says the club's board decided to sack Graham Westley after a run of poor results and a lack of passion among fans.
The parents of a woman murdered in Mauritius have written to her friends in Scotland to thank them for their support and say they will not be able to attend her funeral.
People in some parts of England are struggling to name their local councillors, research suggests, with many not even being able to name the candidates standing for election next month.
The BBC's decision to drop Jeremy Clarkson as a presenter on Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction on social media in many countries around the world.
A teacher accused of using his religious beliefs to influence pupils at a school at the centre of the Trojan Horse affair has been banned from the profession for five years.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Wales defender Chris Davies on a one-year deal after he left Bristol City.
Regular exercise can help preserve the memory of people in their 60s, a study suggests.
A coroner has said there was a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who killed himself at a County Down hospital.
A British student who was stranded in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake was told by the UK embassy she was "on her own" and given a Snickers bar and a $130 (£100) flight home.
Andy Murray will face Naomi Broady in the first round of the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in London on Monday, while Dan Evans will face Jan Lennard Struff in the men's singles.
Far-right politicians across Europe have called for a referendum on EU membership after the UK voted to leave the bloc.
Three men have been jailed for their part in an organised crime group which smuggled 20 people into the UK illegally.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka dance in New Zealand, the national anthem of the country, during a visit to the country.
The food industry should do more to promote healthy eating in shops to help tackle rising obesity levels, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation after an anonymous person contacted the club with "concerns" about a former employee who was dismissed in 1992 after being accused of sexual abuse.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex have said they fear a second Dale Farm could be built on land next to the site where the first was built.
The billionaire tycoon Li-Ka Shing has said he is in exclusive talks to buy O2 from Spain's Telefonica for £4.5bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says he expects a number of players from the Pro12's double-header on Saturday to be selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
A robot that can control a car using only its head and its eyes has been developed in Switzerland.
Three men have been jailed for a £1m advertising scam which defrauded businesses out of thousands of pounds.
A fund has been set up to help refugees from Syria who have been resettled in Scotland.
The new year is upon us, and many business leaders are already looking forward to the challenges ahead.
Cornish Pirates have signed Oxford Blues prop Alex Cheesman and London Irish back-row Alex Morgan on one-year deals.
Thousands of people have marched through Stafford to demand the future of the town's hospital.
A Flintshire man who underwent surgery to remove a colostomy bag has posted a picture of himself with a colstomy bag on Facebook to help others with the condition.
President Donald Trump has a habit of asking questions that are hard to answer.
A tram line linking Derby and Nottingham could be built as part of a £1bn East Midlands transport plan, according to a document from the region's councils.
Newport RFC shareholders will vote on Thursday on whether to accept a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) of the club.
Hundreds of people have attended the Beltane Fire Festival in the Borders.
The first homes built for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire have been unveiled.
A report into the death of a Tesla driver in a crash in Florida in May has found that the car's Autopilot system was not to blame.
Uganda's prime minister's official website has been hacked by hackers who posted messages apparently apologising for the country's treatment of homosexuals.
The Westminster attack and the "nauseating praise" of a man who has been described as a "wicked terrorist" are the stories in the local papers on Wednesday.
Sri Lanka's Rangana Herath has signed a new contract to remain with the country until the end of the 2018 World Twenty20 in India.
A man in his 70s has been killed after being hit by a car in central London.
Saudi Arabia has warned the US that it will retaliate against it if it loses a legal battle over a bill that allows families of 9/11 victims to sue the Saudi government.
The oil rig that ran aground on Lewis last month is to be taken to Malta for repairs before being scrapped.
Police in Pakistan have arrested seven people on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple who were accused of blasphemy, in what police say was a dispute over money.
The UN has announced the names of the ministers it wants to form a unity government for Libya, after months of talks with rival politicians.
Christmas is a time for family and friends to gather, but it's also a time when you're left with the task of making sure the tree is decorated, the tree itself is put up and the presents are wrapped.
A former NFL player who was serving a life sentence for killing his former cellmate has killed himself in prison in Texas, police say.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has risen by more than a third in a year, according to figures from the police watchdog.
The IAAF has confirmed it will end its commercial deal with Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland and the Netherlands played out a thrilling draw in the Intercontinental Cup game in Dublin as rain washed out the final day of the match.
A police officer has been wounded after being attacked by a man armed with a machete at the farm of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, police say.
Scientists in the US have been sending a robot submarine to a remote part of the ocean to see what life is living in the deepest part of Earth.
A judge has ruled that genetic tests are to be carried out on six people who claim to be relatives of the late singer Prince.
A Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and chief executive David Gold have rejected an offer from Monster Beverage for the club.
Google's parent company, Alphabet, has reported a rise in first quarter revenue, helped by strong advertising sales, but the company's share price fell after the results were released.
The new owners of a Dumfries engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to double the number of staff it employs.
A woman accused of defrauding an elderly woman of £1m has denied taking advantage of her after she became close to her.
A man has been seriously injured after a bus and a car crashed in Flintshire, leaving him with serious injuries.
Google Home, its smart speaker and assistant, is to be available in the UK from 6 April, with the aim of making it easier for UK users to ask it about their hobbies and favourite foods.
A mother who was due to be deported to Nigeria with her two daughters on Thursday has been given an overnight reprieve, her family's lawyer has said.
A UKIP councillor in Northern Ireland has been expelled from the party after being suspended from the organisation for "disgraceful behaviour".
An Irish man has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his family, including his three children.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant, the zoo has confirmed.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable win over Wigan, who remain in danger of relegation.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games after being found guilty of violent and aggressive punching of St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Hungary is to offer buses to hundreds of migrants who have been stranded in Budapest for days after they refused to leave the city.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes says Chelsea are keen to keep Victor Moses at the club this season despite the Nigeria midfielder being on the transfer list.
Ten-man Millwall suffered a third successive defeat as they were beaten by Coventry City, who moved into the League One play-off places.
The Scottish government has strongly denied it is under pressure to cut education spending, after the Conservatives accused it of being "hypocritical" over its stance on the issue.
A man jailed for four years for filming a fatal shooting in Dundee has had his appeal against his conviction dismissed.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with commemorations in the Republic of Ireland and France.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Denver Nuggets in London for the first time in the NBA's regular season when the teams meet at the O2 Arena.
James Robert Hennessy, who was killed in the attack, was a plasterer from Ellesmere Port, who travelled by car with his brother, Kevin, who also died in the crash.
Grimsby Town moved out of the relegation zone with a comfortable win over Mansfield, who had manager Gary Evans sent off in the second half.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has condemned President Mohamed Farmajo's amnesty for its fighters, saying it is "a clear provocation" and "a provocation".
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), the business lobby group, following the Brexit vote.
Hundreds of foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest against the government's treatment of immigrants, demanding better safety conditions for their work.
Eoin Morgan's brilliant century helped England to a record-breaking run-chase of 298 to beat Australia by 10 runs and level the one-day series at 1-1 with a game to play in the final game of the series.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den as the League One play-off contenders missed the chance to move into the play-offs.
Liverpool have appointed Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach, with the former England Under-19s boss joining the Reds as first- team coach.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US, including Iraq, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
The 2011 riots in London and other cities could have been avoided if police had been deployed more quickly, a group of MPs has said.
The world of social media marketing is changing fast, with companies of all sizes now using the platform to reach new audiences and build their brands.
The UK is going to vote on whether or not it should stay in or leave the European Union (EU).
A man who used his wife to help him hide £250,000 in a garden has been jailed for concealing criminal property.
For decades, Japanese knotweed has been a scourge on the UK's landscape.
Rents on beach huts in Poole are set to rise by more than 10% in the next five years, a beach hut association has said.
A barge that was heading towards a BP oil platform in the North Sea has run aground, but has now drifted away from the coast of Norway.
Easter is a time for chocolate, eggs and, of course, chocolate.
A late-night levy on Liverpool bars and clubs has been rejected by the city council.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan in which at least 40 people were killed in October.
Karen Shuker won her second British Open mixed doubles title with a thrilling victory at the Aegon Championships in Birmingham.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's 50-year armed conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and end a run of three straight defeats in Super League.
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Championship with a comfortable victory over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former defender Danny Wilson on a one-year deal after he was released by the club.
"We were forced to leave our homes and fled to India in the 1960s and we have never been able to return to our homeland," says Sarlan, a former Burmese businessman.
A third of married or co-habiting couples in the UK are suffering from "highly-conflicted" relationships, with 18% of couples considering divorce, according to a new report.
The UK government's decision to cancel a competition to develop a scheme to capture carbon dioxide emissions from power stations and store it underground was "damaging", according to a report.
Europe's Galileo satellite navigation system is the world's most ambitious space project.
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has said she hopes the search for her killer will finally end.
Facebook has removed a post on its website which appeared to list the names of eight people in west Belfast who were on a "hit list" published by a dissident republican group.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be "disappointed" if chairman Paul Scally sacked him this season.
Gareth Bale says Wales' Euro 2016 qualification campaign will be "hard" but insists they are "focused" on Sunday's crucial match against Israel.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been visiting a school in China to encourage children to learn a new language.
Antibiotic resistance is becoming a "real problem" in hospitals and the need to tackle it early is becoming more urgent, a leading expert says.
A judicial review into the approval of a £1.5m cycle track on a nature reserve has been granted by the High Court.
A new £40m hospital for a Somerset town has been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
Leading figures from the Commonwealth have written to David Cameron urging him to stay in the European Union, in a letter published ahead of a key EU referendum speech later.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability" to be part of a team, shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said.
The line-up for Glastonbury has been announced, with Foo Fighters, Foo Fighters and Foo Fighters among the headline acts.
A rainbow and lenticular clouds that looked like they were made of "UFOs" have been spotted over the north east of Scotland.
Watford FC are to erect a statue in memory of former manager Graham Taylor, who led the club to the top flight in 1984.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's "ill-discipline" cost them in their 21-13 defeat by Exeter Chiefs in the National League.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored twice as Grimsby and Barnet shared the points in a thrilling League Two encounter at Blundell Park.
Sunderland striker Nacho Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell's Old Boys on loan until the end of the season after agreeing a permanent move to the Championship club.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union is a huge blow to the EU, but what does it mean for the rest of the EU?
The first train has taken off from the new metro service in the southern Indian city of Chennai, which has been inaugurated by the chief minister of Tamil Nadu state.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in a field in Armagh, County Armagh.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the first time since June after a spell on the sidelines with a hamstring injury.
Ireland's Twenty20 campaign in India ended in defeat as Afghanistan won by eight wickets in the first of two matches in the series with a five-wicket win on Wednesday.
The US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station for more than a year is about to break a record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, the sixth bird of prey to be killed in the region in the past two months.
Two men who sold drugs and weapons on the dark web marketplaces Silk Road and Dark Web marketplace have been jailed for a total of more than five years.
Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton have been named in the starting XV for Sunday's Test against New Zealand in Dublin.
(Close): European stock markets rose sharply on Tuesday, with the FTSE 100 closing higher after a Greek debt deal was announced, while the euro fell against the dollar.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the most powerful women in British history - and she was known as "the Iron Lady" for her tough and tough policies.
Russia's decision to supply missiles to Syria has been described as "ill-timed" by the US military's top commander, amid growing concern that the country's government is using the weapons to fight rebels.
Banksy has denied claims his controversial new exhibition in Weston-super-Mare is a hoax, after ticket sales for the attraction were suspended amid claims it was a hoax.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party after the party suffered its worst election result in decades.
Four cats have died after eating antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs have expressed concern that the case of former England international Dave Willis could set a dangerous precedent for concussion.
Singapore has asked retailers to remove products from Indonesian firms suspected of contributing to a haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has given the country's state of the union address, a day after President Hugo Chavez appeared in public for the first time since he was diagnosed with cancer.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a second gay marriage case, the first time it will intervene in a case that has been heard by the appeals court level.
England's confidence in the team has risen since the opening match of the World Cup, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate for London mayor after winning the contest to be the party candidate.
A widow has said she was "speechless" after thieves broke into her home while she was at her husband's funeral.
David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree for the first time on Saturday.
A head teacher has been suspended after taking a sick leave from his school for the summer holidays.
The father of a Formula 1 racing fan who died after being hit by a wheel could have been saved if the 'halo' head protection system had been installed, says Lewis Hamilton's former team-mate John Surtees.
A new project to assess the impact of climate change on coastal erosion in Wales has been launched.
We welcome your comments, stories and feedback on our output.
Former Blackburn Rovers captain Paul Dunn has been appointed assistant manager of the Championship club.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the music business, and they're held every year in the US.
The Scotch whisky market remains "challenging" in China, according to the world's second biggest spirits company, Pernod Ricard, which reported a rise in sales in the first quarter.
News Corp, the owner of the Wall Street Journal and the Australian pay-TV network Foxtel, has reported a loss for the first quarter of the year, hit by lower revenues at its Australian business and a drop in the value of its Australian newspaper business.
China's state-run newspapers have gone on a propaganda offensive in the wake of the UN's decision to uphold the ruling of the Hague tribunal that ruled that China's claims in the South China Sea are invalid.
A baby who died after being taken off a ventilator and left in a critical condition in hospital should have had blood tests carried out before his death, a coroner has said.
A BBC Radio Derby appeal for a Derbyshire man who has been diagnosed with skin cancer has raised more than £50,000 in just three months.
A man who conned two people out of £1,000 by promising them tickets to the World Cup has been ordered to pay back £1.5m.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a baby was found dead at a house in south-east London.
A student who hung himself from the Cenotaph during the London riots was "unnecessarily" jailed, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist in a Tesco store in a racially motivated attack has been jailed for life.
At least 39 people have been killed and more than 100 wounded in a series of bomb attacks in Iraq, including in the capital Baghdad, officials say.
Austria has announced it will limit the number of asylum seekers it accepts, and will impose daily quotas for each day, in an effort to stem the influx of migrants.
David Beckham's bid to set up his own Major League Soccer team in Miami has been given the go-ahead by the league's commissioner.
Tippi Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock after she starred in The Birds in 1963, but did not report it because she thought he would "ruin her career".
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say a woman who underwent surgery to lose weight is still in intensive care, despite doctors in India claiming she had lost more than half her body weight.
A video of the Queen and her mother giving a Nazi salute has been released by a newspaper.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Formula 1 world championship.
The winter of 2016-17 was the most extreme on record for UK flooding since 1947, according to a review of official data.
Voters in a district with a long history of Labour dominance are going to the polls in a council where the party is facing a serious challenge from UKIP for the first time.
Stan Wawrinka beat world number one Novak Djokovic in a thrilling French Open final to become the first man to win all four Grand Slams for more than 30 years.
Durham suffered a disastrous first day at Scarborough as Yorkshire took control on day one of their County Championship match against the Division One leaders.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in the 2-2 draw with Sunderland on Saturday.
The Home Office has been accused of reneging on a recommendation by a panel of experts from the Advisory Council on Medical Marijuana (ACMD) that recommended a general ban on so-called "legal highs".
Morocco's Football Association (FMRFF) has banned fans from attending matches after clashes between rival supporters following a match between Raja Casablanca and another club on Saturday.
On the outskirts of the capital, Harare, a group of people in military fatigues, armed with rifles and pistols, stand on the streets of the city's streets, waving Zimbabwean flags and singing the national anthem.
Rangers' former Accrington Stanley striker Josh Windass is hoping to make an impact on his new club this season after scoring his first goal since joining in the summer.
A New Zealand-based company has successfully launched its first rocket, a tiny vehicle that can carry small satellites into orbit for a fraction of the price of a big vehicle.
The amount of money paid to consultants for extra work in the NHS has increased by more than a third in the last three years, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
A new exercise could help kids get fit and healthy by reducing the risk of injury when playing rugby.
At least six people have been killed and several others injured in an eruption of a volcano in Indonesia's Papua province, officials say.
The UK's decision to leave the European Union has been the subject of much debate and debate since the referendum result was announced on 23 June 2016.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has had his doping case against him dropped by Uefa.
The general election campaign is under way and the focus is turning to the seats that will decide the outcome of the UK-wide contest.
The Scottish government should remove the "stigma" of food insecurity from the issue, the Scottish government's food policy adviser has said.
A teenager who took her own life after being told she needed "constant supervision" by an NHS trust was failed by the system, an inquest has heard.
A group representing drivers has criticised plans to increase the cost of a speeding course for motorists caught travelling at more than 10% above the limit.
A pillow fight at the US military academy at West Point left several cadets injured, the academy has said, after it emerged that the event was a "reckless" brawl.
Brazil's political crisis has focused attention on issues of human rights and minority rights, but it has also been overshadowed by a row over comments made by a leading evangelical politician about people of African descent and homosexuality.
The original Batmobile, the car that played the role of Batman in the 1960s TV series The Batman Show, has sold for $1.5m (roughly £1.2m) at auction in Los Angeles.
Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled new measures to make it harder for illegal immigrants to stay in the UK, including a ban on them using the NHS.
On the eve of Labour Day, a big rally was held in the centre of Paris, with thousands of people gathered to hear a speech by a woman who had been campaigning for months for a candidate in the forthcoming European elections.
World champion Mark Selby eased into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over John O'Brien at the Crucible.
The funeral of a former Barnsley FC player and coach has taken place of a man who played for the club for more than 60 years.
The UK's largest energy supplier is to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who were unable to log into their accounts online or check their bills, the regulator Ofgem has said.
Lewis Hamilton fought back from last on the grid to finish third in the Chinese Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg won a chaotic race to extend his championship lead to seven points.
A man has denied killing a man who was found dead in a lake in Cumbria.
Mario Balotelli has said he will always have a "special place in his heart" for Manchester City after completing his £25m move to AC Milan.
Shares in Volkswagen have fallen by more than a third after the German carmaker admitted it had been rigging emissions tests.
Kilmarnock have released midfielder Scott Samson after he failed to win a new contract with the Scottish Championship club.
Andy Murray's wife Kim Sears is pregnant, the BBC has learned.
Toulon have made an approach to the Premiership to play in the Super Rugby competition next season.
A newspaper, a scroll and a bottle of perfume have been found in a time capsule which has been hidden inside a bridge for more than 100 years.
The E3 gaming show is in Los Angeles, America, and it's all about virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband divorced her because he disliked her face shape has sparked a social media backlash, with some users questioning whether the divorce was really over her face.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican has recognised his country's statehood, in a move that could help revive peace talks with Israel.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with a criminal offence after a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith in Dumfries and Galloway in March.
The shortlist for the 2016 Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Authors has been announced.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets of Johannesburg to protest against President Jacob Zuma, calling for his removal from office.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne was among the former MPs granted a pass to Parliament after he was jailed for speeding, it has emerged.
A worker was contaminated with radiation after a torpedo tube was accidentally fitted with a nuclear device, the nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences against boys in Nottingham.
Microsoft has launched its first education edition of Minecraft, which it says will be available to schools around the world by the end of the year.
Robbie Keane says he is keen to return to club management in the "short term" after agreeing a new contract as Republic of Ireland assistant manager to Martin O'Neill.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for a number of players before the transfer window closes on Wednesday.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said he is "very concerned" about the impact of the EU referendum on the UK's banks.
The European Council president has said the UK will not be able to start talks on trade and the UK's exit from the EU at the same time.
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton in which four teenagers were injured.
A fire which destroyed a former pub in Neath Port Talbot is being treated as suspicious.
Universities in Wales are concerned about the number of students using essay mills to write their coursework, which offer students a bespoke essay for a fee.
A man accused of plotting a terror attack in the UK allegedly sent a picture of a police officer to a group of Islamic State (IS) militants, a court has heard.
Bidders have been invited to submit plans for the removal of wind turbines from the Aberdeenshire golf course owned by Donald Trump.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) regime in Mosul is in a state of "total collapse", with the Iraqi government forces closing in on the city and the Iraqi military saying it is "on the verge of victory".
Moussa Diouf scored a late equaliser for Stoke City as they came from behind to draw with Premier League leaders Chelsea.
A man has died in hospital after being found injured at a Dorset caravan park.
Dizzee Rascal and The Rolling Stones are among the first acts to be announced for this year's Wickerman Festival.
Scotland has seen the highest number of bank branches close or earmarked for closure in the last year, according to research by the Bank of Scotland.
New rules aimed at preventing banks from becoming "too big to fail" and preventing taxpayers having to bail them out have been published.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the three months to June, boosted by a sharp rise in industrial output, official figures show.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Torry, North Ayrshire, has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares continued to rise on Monday, recovering some of the ground lost on Friday after disappointing trade data from China.
India is to scrap 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in a move Prime Minister Narendra Modi says will help tackle corruption and tackle "black money".
A cyclist has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after a woman was attacked in Bournemouth.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in the build-up to their heavyweight fight on Saturday, with the pair trading insults in their first public appearance since their November bout.
Two climbers have been killed in the French Alps after getting into difficulty while climbing one of the world's highest mountains, the French Alpine Institute has said.
Parents who have children are often worried about their children driving too fast or using their mobile phones too much.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in fossilised footprints made by animals that lived about 250 million years ago.
Kent chairman John Kennedy is to step down after a turbulent year in charge of the county.
An Indian airline has banned an MP from flying after he allegedly assaulted an airline employee with a sandal.
The Rwandan army has killed more than 1,000 people in a massacre at a school in the town of Nairobi, in the north-east of the country.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be attending Donald Trump's inauguration as US president, despite previously saying he would "love to" visit New York.
Obesity in teenagers may be a risk factor for bowel cancer, according to a study of men in Sweden.
Labour is in danger of "not asking the right questions" and failing to get the right answers, former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said.
A Victorian toilet once described as "one of the poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored and reopened to the public.
President Hassan Rouhani is a moderate reformist who has been in office since 2013, and has been a key figure in the country's political life since the 1979 revolution.
Chris Coleman says his late father would have been "ecstatic" at his current position as Wales manager, having helped to put him in the position to succeed him.
Three hospital urgent care centres which have been closed overnight for the past three months have been extended for a further three months.
I first learned about the state of Russian power in the 1990s, when I worked for the BBC in Moscow and was given the job of reporting on the Kremlin's foreign policy.
London workers have the longest commutes in the UK, with the average time spent travelling to work down the M25 and M4, a study by the TUC has found.
Some councils in Wales do not routinely scan the microchips of animals found dead on the roads, despite calls for them to do so, it has been claimed.
The 3D printing of objects, from food to cars, from clothes to mobile phones, is revolutionising the way we make and design products.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks with the club's board about extending his contract after winning his second Premier League title.
The UK's second-largest shoe retailer, Brantano, has been placed into administration, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs.
A man accused of murdering his parents in County Donegal was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the attack, a court has heard.
Borussia Dortmund's final game under Borussia Dortmund boss Borussia Monchengladbach ended in defeat as they were beaten 3-1 by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final.
A woman whose daughter took her own life has said she is "appalled" a council has refused to disclose the full report into her death.
Google has released the first draft of the next version of its Android operating system, which will be released this summer.
The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra has failed to agree a new chief conductor for the next five years, its board has said.
St Mary's College of Monaghan will face St Peter's College, Derry, in the Hogan Cup final after they beat St Peter of Derry 2-13 to 1-11 in the semi-final on Saturday.
Former Aldershot Town boss David Waddock has been appointed as the club's new manager.
The Conservatives have promised to introduce a cap on energy prices, if they win the election.
The 2016 Olympic Games are just around the corner and we're already looking forward to the biggest sporting event in the world!
A man is in a coma after being stabbed in the groin in a road rage attack in Middlesbrough.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a second round next month after the two leading candidates were tied with less than a quarter of the votes counted.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted a "breakthrough" in Wales in the general election, as the party seeks to make its first gains in local government.
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish Jersey's historic airport terminal as part of a £30m redevelopment.
League One side Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year deal after he was released by the club.
Bristol is to be given the green light to build a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in the city's regeneration zone.
In a remote corner of the Colombian countryside, a few hundred metres from the border with Ecuador, a group of five huts are being built in the hills.
A dog has escaped unscratched from a sinkhole that opened up on a golf course in the Highlands, the owners have said.
Tesco has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profit of £145m after it took a legal charge of £235m as it settles legal proceedings over its accounting irregularities.
Mansfield Town have signed striker Jordan Oliver from League Two rivals Crewe Alexandra on a one-year deal.
A Polish journalist expelled from Russia has said he will take his cat with him when he leaves the country, despite the Russian foreign ministry's assurances that it would look after the animal.
The UN human rights chief has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using "excessive force" against protesters in the past four months, in a report on the situation in the country.
Three British-built satellites have released their first images of the Earth from space, and they are pretty spectacular.
A World War Two veteran from Carmarthenshire has been presented with a French military honour after his family contacted an MP to get it fast-tracked.
Mansfield Town midfielder Jordan Rhodes has agreed to join League Two side Grimsby Town.
The Welsh Government should not impose a "top-down reorganisation" of local government, the chairman of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
London Irish prop Ross Ford has been banned for two weeks after admitting to a charge of violent conduct.
Iran has ordered social networks and messaging services to comply with a new law that requires them to block access to certain content.
Olympic champion Ben Ainslie has announced he will launch a new America's Cup team in 2013.
A new way of signing on to a computer or tablet could offer a way of accessing devices that is as strong as a password, say security experts.
A man has died in hospital after being stabbed outside a bar in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of breaching its constitution by changing its military laws, which it says could lead to the country's military being involved in conflicts abroad.
Chelsea's hopes of a top-four finish suffered a setback as Southampton came from behind to snatch a point at Stamford Bridge and dent Rafael Benitez's hopes for a first Premier League win as interim manager.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young will miss Ireland's one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan in June after suffering a hamstring injury.
A fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been identified as a new species of extinct reptile, dating back to the time of the dinosaurs.
Scotland's Katie Archibald won her second gold medal of the weekend at the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Italy with victory in the women's individual pursuit in Milan.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches has risen for the first time in eight years, according to the latest figures.
The owners of Alexandra Palace have launched a £10m fundraising campaign to restore the theatre at the centre of a £25m restoration project.
A huge sinkhole has opened up on the golf course at the Royal Troon Golf Club in the UK.
More action is needed to tackle the issue of people registering to vote twice in the general election, the electoral watchdog has said, after claims of double voting were made on social media.
Newport Flyers will play in the BBL Play-offs after beating Manchester Force on Sunday to secure a place in the top eight of the table.
Josh Matavesi's late try rescued a draw for Ospreys against Racing Metro in their European Champions Cup match at Liberty Stadium.
A terminally ill five-year-old boy who received more than £200,000 from Everton fans to help pay for his cancer treatment has been told he has just weeks to live.
Fifa's World Cup taskforce has recommended that the 2022 tournament should be held in November and December, eight years after the first tournament in Qatar.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro on Wednesday, as the UK economy grew faster than expected, but shares in Barclays fell on a US legal action against the bank.
A woman from Belfast has been named as the winner of a competition to be the voice of the speaking clock on the BT 123 telephone.
Italy have named Giampiero Ventura as Antonio Conte's successor as coach after Euro 2016, with the Italian Football Federation confirming he will take over from the Chelsea boss after the tournament.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up on her fight for justice for her son, 20 years after he was murdered.
Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Yann Atangana on a two-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" but not a "lark" and insists he is not a jokester.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian man who was shot dead in a drive-by shooting.
Imagine being in a school and having a celebrity guest speaker drop in.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup after suffering a foot injury.
Ebola was the most popular search term for Britons in 2014, according to Google.
Cornish Pirates coach Steve Cattle says his side's performance in their bonus-point win over Gloucester in the European Challenge Cup was "a little bit sloppy".
A woman who has been unable to walk for more than a decade because of a rare illness is to marry her fiancee.
Israel has ordered its ambassadors to New Zealand and Senegal to return to their embassies, and cut ties with Malaysia and Venezuela, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the rights of former President Dalia Paksas when it barred him from standing for election in 2004.
Arsenal made it two wins from two Premier League games as they beat Watford to move level on points with second-placed Chelsea.
Heavy rain is expected to hit parts of south and mid Wales on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
More than one in five women in the UK has suffered a miscarriage, with an average of 10 women a year suffering a loss of at least one baby, according to new research.
The US investment fund Cerberus paid a Belfast law firm £15m to help it sell Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, a committee of MPs has heard.
Ayr United moved up to eighth in the Scottish Championship with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic.
Former Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell has admitted he fell down a drain in Malawi while on a visit to the country in 2005.
A prisoner has died at Elmley prison, the second in less than a year, the Prison and Probation Association has said.
A man who escaped from custody by posing as a court clerk has admitted a fraud worth more than Â£1m.
Two of Wales' most senior council chief executives were unlawfully given unlawful pension payments and indemnified against libel costs, the public spending watchdog has said.
A driver caught speeding at 101mph on a motorway in East Yorkshire has been fined 150% of his weekly income.
The European Commission has said it will not be able to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK to stay after Brexit, unless there is a deal between the UK and the EU on the issue.
Veteran actress Dame Barbara Windsor has announced she is to retire from the stage after a long career in the entertainment industry.
Virtual reality (VR) is a powerful tool for gaming, gaming and creating virtual reality experiences.
Students at three Welsh universities have the highest levels of satisfaction in the UK for the second year running, according to a survey.
Cologne is preparing for its annual carnival, a year after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted during New Year celebrations.
The assembly's finance committee has agreed to review the way members of the assembly are paid for their expenses.
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a nightclub because she was "not good enough or white enough" for the venue.
More foster carers are needed to help young people in Scotland who are struggling to find stability in the care system, according to a charity.
Three elderly friends who tackled a burglar who broke into a house and pinned him to the ground have been given an award for bravery.
London should have a special immigration system for EU nationals living in the capital after Brexit, according to a report by the city's business leaders.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers at its distilleries and bottling plants in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pensions.
The first of two new trains being run on the Belfast to Dublin rail line has been reinstated after being refurbished.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa against child marriage, urging the government to ban the practice.
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for the sport to be banned from the country's professional league because of the country’s economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has said the UK could pay the EU to maintain access to the single market after it leaves the bloc, but he has ruled out paying "large" sums.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in Germany have cancelled the event after a lightning strike left at least eight people injured.
India's parliament has passed a bill that will increase the jail term for juvenile offenders to at least five years, in a bid to tackle rising cases of rape and murder.
Three more people have appeared in court charged with disposing of Becky Watts' body parts after her body was found in a suitcase in Bristol.
The mother of a boy who was removed from an EasyJet flight after an overbooked flight at Gatwick Airport has said the airline's "irresponsible" staff should be banned from flying with the airline.
The woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine 50 years ago has been praised for her "outstanding contribution" to the fight against the disease.
Nigel Farage has been "cons persuaded" to stay on as leader of UKIP after the party's members rejected his resignation offer, the party has said.
A former coal mine site in Dorset will be turned into a country park after councillors voted to allow the work to begin.
A legal battle over a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed to stop illegal loyalist flag-protest parades in Belfast has moved to the UK's highest court.
Labour has defended its plan to cut the deficit by balancing the books by 2017-18, after the Conservatives and the Lib Dems criticised it.
A man has been arrested after a 19-year-old pedestrian was killed in a hit-and-run crash in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man stabbed to death in a hostel have been told they can read a report into the way probation staff handled his killer's re-release from prison.
Lancashire's Championship match against Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled after rain washed out the final day of the day-night match.
More than one in six secondary schools in England are failing, according to the latest results from the latest set of GCSE results.
A woman who painted her house in red and white stripes to protest against a council's plans to restrict basement space has gone to court to fight the decision.
The US government has begun recalling nearly all of its civilian employees, as the partial shutdown of the federal government enters its third week.
A group representing Dartmoor hill ponies has said it is considering allowing the sale of the animals for slaughter in a bid to save the breed.
Latam airlines, which operate in Latin America, has suspended its flights to Venezuela, blaming currency controls for the decision.
Six men have been charged with causing or assisting in the commission of dangerous driving after a car crash in which four people died.
Spanish police have arrested a member of the notorious Pink Panther gang, who they say was involved in a series of high-profile robberies, including one of the world's biggest jewellery heists.
Rochdale held on to beat Scunthorpe and move into the League One play-off places with a thrilling victory at Spotland.
North Lanarkshire Council is to vote on whether to renew a contract to repair roads and bridges in the area.
Radhika Menon, a ship captain in the Indian Merchant Navy, has been recognised for her role in the rescue of six fishermen who were stranded at sea after their boat sank.
The final day of the final Test in Chennai was the most dramatic of the England tour so far, and it was the one that will be remembered for the most.
CBBC has been asking children in the UK if they think it's better to help or punish bullies.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new one-year contract extension with the Division One club.
Cameroon will face Portugal in the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup after losing 3-1 to Germany in their Group B match in Group B.
The Royal Navy is to get a "bigger and more powerful" force in the future, the defence secretary has said as he visited Portsmouth to announce £1.2bn of investment in the city.
The government has launched a competition to find a manufacturer to build the trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line, which will create up to 1,000 jobs.
The Northern Ireland government is to sell off about £15m of loans belonging to the Ulster Bank to a group of banks in the Republic of Ireland.
Former Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman has been speaking at the Women's Equality Party conference in London, where she said that the EU had been "an important and important part of the development of equality legislation".
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman after she fell out with her and told it to "get her", a court has heard.
A 17-year-old boy arrested after two teenagers died in a crash in Monmouthshire has been released without charge.
England have named four uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship, which starts on 4 February.
The last woolly mammoths were driven to extinction by a lack of genetic diversity, leaving their DNA in a state similar to that of the Asiatic cheetahs and mountain gorillas.
Actor and Shakespearean actor Sir John Johnson, who played roles in Shakespeare's Romeo and Julius Caesar, has died at the age of 89.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault in Belfast city centre.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained on Salisbury Plain during World War One have been found in tunnels dug out from a former military base.
A mosaic has been unveiled at Rotterdam Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign which saved the lives of thousands of Dutch people.
Restrictions on fast food restaurants near schools in a bid to tackle obesity are to be introduced in a Kent town.
Lego has ended its promotional agreement with the Daily Mail, following criticism from a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
A drug that is already used in cancer treatment could be a "new candidate" for treating HIV, US researchers say.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin on the dark net from a US black market was inspired by the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its assembly election manifesto, promising to create a "well-educated and wealthier Wales".
Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks are in talks with several international players about joining the club, says director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Greece captain Panos Karagounis has retired from international football after his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Jack Baird's late strike gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup and sent the visitors top of Group G.
A motorcyclist from America has pulled off a pretty amazing stunt by riding a motorbike on a motorised skateboard.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in Motherwell to protest against Tata's plans to mothball its two steel plants in Scotland.
Two of the UK's biggest YouTube stars have told Newsbeat they think it's too soon to put "sponsored" in the title of their videos.
A family whose son has a severe form of autism has said they are "desperate" for him to be able to start school because they are still waiting for a place at a special school.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of protests and restoring political stability in the country.
It's the summer of 2016 and Australia is going through a general election.
An inquiry into historical child abuse in north Wales children's homes has been given the go-ahead for a second phase.
A man found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious by police.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full-back Robbie Henshaw will miss the rest of the tour after being ruled out of the rest with injuries.
Reading midfielder Rakels has joined Polish side Lech Poznan on a season-long loan deal.
Lana Del Rey is in the middle of a jam, and she's not even looking.
The US has been gripped by a wave of protests over the past few weeks over the police killing of unarmed black men by officers.
Ofsted has called for "greater urgency" in closing down unregistered schools in England, saying "too many children remain at significant risk of harm".
The Women's Super League One season starts on Saturday, 1 July with Manchester City Women taking on Birmingham City Ladies in the opening game of the campaign at the Emirates Stadium.
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics after saying he wants his fiancee to move back to Slovenia.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez will retire from cycling at the end of the Tour de France, the world's third-biggest cycling event, after the 2016 Olympics.
A woman who was sacked from a charity has been awarded £20,000 in damages for discrimination.
Iain Duncan Smith, the former work and pensions secretary, has just told me that he thinks the UK should stay in the EU.
Gary Dunlop will replace TV presenter Guy Martin at the Ulster Grand Prix in August after the Scot pulled out of this year's event with a back injury.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" of the club's players despite recent protests, says club chief executive Neil Raynor.
As a mother of two, Emma Black was used to running with her children in London's Hyde Park.
WBA featherweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against British challenger Charles Dickens at London's O2 Arena on Saturday, 5 March.
A certificate that allows people to prove they are of Irish descent will not be sold in the Republic of Ireland after August 2015, because of a lack of uptake.
Thirteen sheep have been stolen from a farm in the north of the Scottish Borders.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker's WBO world heavyweight title defence ended in defeat as Razvan Cojanu won a unanimous points decision in their fight at the SSE Arena in Auckland.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of surprising policy reversals on his first day in office, in a sign of a shift in his approach to the economy.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the final time with the seven-time champion jockey's final winner, the King George VI Chase on the final day of the Chelton Festival.
Wales rugby player Ken Williams has been criticised for a photo taken in a Halloween costume in which he appears to be dressed as a black man.
A Facebook user who was banned from the social network for using his real name, Phuc Phuc Bich, has thanked people for their support after his post about his ordeal went viral.
Tesco has bought a 49% stake in Giraffe, the US-based chain of restaurants and cafes, for an undisclosed sum.
A taxi driver who took pictures of people he met in his cab during a festival is to have his work displayed in an exhibition.
Twelve bodies of Syrian migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece, the Turkish coastguard says.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said his side were not good enough in the second half as they were beaten 2-1 by FC Copenhagen in Copenhagen.
The trading standards system is "as strong as its weakest link", a leading industry figure has said, saying councils should be given more money to strengthen it.
Three people have been charged in connection with a fraud involving a £10,000 fundraising scam in Cardiff.
Portsmouth chairman Michael Eisner is set to announce his intention to take over as chairman of the club.
Aid groups have called for an urgent review of conditions at a migrant camp in the Greek island of Lesbos after three people died in recent days.
Scientists have acquired the most complete specimen of a stegosaur ever found and are using it to try to solve some of the mysteries of the world's most famous dinosaur.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to defraud the US government over the emissions scandal that has engulfed the German carmaker.
More needs to be done to tackle the growing number of cancers caused by infections, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said he has discussed with Turkey how to deal with British jihadists who travel to Syria and Iraq and how to prosecute them.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space.
BBC Radio 1 has announced its first ever "sub bench" - with four new presenters taking over the show when Matt Edmondson is away.
A number of whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
Three weeks into a campaign of air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen, the Saudi-led coalition of Arab states and their allies has been carrying out its daily bombing raids, killing more than 1,000 people and wounding more than 2,000 others.
BBC Radio 4 has a reputation for doing interesting, original and challenging programmes, and it is not often that we ask our listeners to tell us their love stories.
Irn Bru, the Scottish soft drinks brand, is to be reduced in sugar as part of a wider programme by AG Barr to reduce the amount of sugar in its range.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire director on its board despite him funding a lawsuit against the US news website Gawker.
A bid to rebuild the "Thing" - a mechanical man who disappeared more than 80 years ago - is being launched by the National Robotics Museum in London.
"El Salvador is on alert," reads a television ad in the capital, Salvador, warning of the dangers posed by the country's powerful criminal gangs.
Great Britain's winter sports will receive a further £10m of funding from UK Sport following their success at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm moved into the Elite League's top six with a 2-1 win over Manchester Storm at the Manchester Arena.
The head of the police watchdog has called for a change in the law on the liability of drivers who are involved in collisions that lead to the death of cyclists.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady's former girlfriend will not face charges over an alleged attempt to cover up the death of one of his victims, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth and Carlisle played out a draw at Fratton Park as both sides ended the season with 10 men.
Scientists have made a new measurement of the shape of the electron, which they say is more or less round than previously thought.
The media should not report anything said in Parliament which is in breach of court orders, the government's top law officer has said.
A man who suffered "life-changing" injuries when he fell through a roof at a college has been awarded £1.5m in damages.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race in Scotland.
A parking company has said it has taken steps to prevent similar problems from happening again after a series of incidents in which drivers were issued with parking charges while in the wrong car park.
Plans for a £50m project to improve a busy road in Glasgow city centre have been unveiled.
A song has been released in South Africa calling for unity in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a house in Worcestershire.
The Welsh government's decision to back down on its plans to cut university funding by £100m in the budget was the result of a long-running row between ministers and vice-chancellors.
BBC Natural History editor Nick Packham did not break the corporation's impartiality guidelines by writing a column criticising conservationists, the BBC Trust has said.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 3-2 to level the World Series at 2-2 and take a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series.
A fundraising campaign set up by former EastEnders actress Alison Bracknell, who is battling terminal lung cancer, has raised more than £100,000 in just a few days.
Leonardo Ulloa's late penalty earned West Ham a point at Leicester as the Foxes' winless run in the Premier League extended to 11 games and left them five points behind leaders Tottenham.
China is the world's second-largest economy and the world second-biggest energy consumer, and is one of the world' biggest producers and consumers of energy.
The Queen is to be joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at a street party in central London to mark her 90th birthday.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A robot has been taught to learn how to fall down using an algorithm that can predict when it's going to fall and how to avoid it.
The idea of introducing ID cards in the UK has been a long-standing campaign topic, and has been raised in the wake of the recent scenes of thousands of migrants trying to cross the Channel to the UK from France.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's players for the first time since taking charge of the Scottish champions.
The US attorney general's office is "not limited" to its investigation into corruption at Fifa, says US Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
Wales coach Warren Gatland will not be replacing Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, says former Lions captain Gareth Thomas.
President Donald Trump has said he has been "vindicated" in his claim that former FBI director James Comey is a "leaker" after the former head of the agency testified about his firing.
George Galloway has been reported to police after he was accused of breaching election laws by discussing voting while polls were open in the Bradford West by-election.
A road in Cornwall which was closed after a landslide caused by heavy rain is to be reopened after a £1.5m resurfacing project, the council has said.
The first video game dedicated to Mexican wrestling has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles.
A man who used a cancer charity event to raise money for the family of a boy who died from the disease has been jailed for eight months.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States.
The economy minister, Simon Hamilton, has outlined a plan to reduce the cost of the botched Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 have said they believe he died in an accident near to the farmhouse where he was last seen playing.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead after carding a second-round 71 at the Dubai Desert Classic, which left him five shots off leader Hideki Matsuyama.
A bridge where padlocks were fastened to cables in a love symbol trend has been removed after it was deemed "too dangerous".
Lewis Hamilton says he will give "everything he has got" to catch Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg and win the Formula 1 world title.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found with fatal injuries in a car in Oxford.
A dog has died after falling into the River Tayside in Perthshire.
Australian police have warned people not to wear clown masks in public following a US-style "killer clown" craze, which has spread to Australia.
Durham Jets came from behind to beat Leicestershire by two wickets in a rain-affected T20 Blast match in Newcastle, as rain forced the rest of the competition to be abandoned.
India's batsmen put in a strong performance to post a revised total of 242-5 on day one of the third Test against South Africa.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has hit a record high, according to new figures.
Girls are more active than boys in the UK, according to a study of children as young as seven, which suggests there is a "big yawning gap" between the two groups.
Osteoporosis drugs can increase the risk of fractures in elderly patients, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season from Dundee United until the summer of 2017.
Power has been restored to more than 1,000 customers in Greater Manchester after flooding caused by Storm Desmond left hundreds without electricity.
Transport for London (TfL) has begun a £24m scheme to stop issuing cash-free bus tickets, with the first bus journeys to be made using mobile phones and tablets from Monday.
Edinburgh are to move to a new home at Myreside for the next two seasons.
Watt Stores, the Glasgow-based department store chain, is to expand its business by creating up to 100 jobs by the end of the year.
If you're going to be a healthy, active person, you need to know exactly what you're doing.
South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way it failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster and said it is "profoundly sorry" for the "way the force failed".
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a crash in which one person died.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane in the Indian Ocean has been "discounted" in the area where pings from the plane's flight recorders were heard, Australian officials say.
Edinburgh City and Annan Athletic were among the first teams to start the Scottish League Two season with defeats as Elgin City and Clyde both won their opening games.
The UK voted to leave the European Union (EU) in the last election, but some people in Scotland want to stay in.
A former music teacher raped a student at a school for young musicians in the 1970s, a court has heard.
China's oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July, despite the US threatening to impose sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme, according to official figures.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has denied that a £39m deal to buy timber from a company in 2014 was a "commercial matter".
Councils in England could face a £6.8bn shortfall in their budgets by 2020, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned.
A week ago, the story was simple.
I'm back at work again after a long weekend of work, with a new role and a new job.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP's general election campaign manager Raheem Kassam has launched his campaign for the party's leadership, saying he will make the party "great again".
Former Irish prime minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be reintroduced after Brexit.
A memorial to the men and women from Merseyside who fought in the Spanish Civil War has been unveiled in London.
A woman has been shot dead in a suspected gang shooting.
The Channel Tunnel is a tunnel under the English Channel that was built in the 1960s to allow the passage of the Channel Tunnel under the Channel Islands.
A leader of the Balochistan separatist movement has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with Pakistan's military if the Baluch people agree to end the insurgency in the province.
David Cameron's team has decided to back down and allow the cabinet to campaign for the UK to stay in the EU, after a series of last-minute talks with Eurosceptic ministers.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has announced he will use social media to express his thoughts while in prison.
Boys should be given a cancer vaccination to help prevent the disease in their teenage years, campaigners have said.
A manufacturer has agreed to make a replacement for a boy who has only ever drank from a blue cup after a Twitter appeal by a father who said it was his son's "lifetime supply".
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham ended a run of four straight defeats with victory over Brentford at Griffin Park.
French President Francois Hollande has named Jean-Marc Ayrault, a former foreign minister, as his new foreign minister.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" in Manchester city centre was not taking a dare, police have said.
The 2017 Winter Olympics are getting under way in Sochi, Russia.
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Emmanuel Akinfenwa has been sent off for a second time in two days after being sent off in a pre-season friendly against Le Havre.
A US congressman has been found guilty of running a bribery and money laundering scheme involving his son and a lobbyist.
Great Britain's athletes are aiming to win at least three Olympic medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games, UK Sport has said.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has outlined his latest proposal for a fiscal framework for the new devolved government.
Dayle Southwell's late goal gave Wycombe a narrow victory over Stevenage to move them up to third in League Two.
A teenager who killed a 15-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Northern Ireland sailors have made good progress at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
US tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police over a fatal car crash in Florida, US media report.
India is set to become a "leading nation" in chess boxing, according to the World Chess Boxing Organisation, a sport that has been introduced in the country two years ago.
A fund-raising campaign to save a radio telescope array that was forced to close after a funding cut has raised enough money to keep it open for a year.
Two new Scottish Conservative MSPs have said they will vote to leave the EU in the referendum on 23 June.
A man who was arrested after spending the night on the roof of a church in Edinburgh was "very, very drunk", a court has heard.
The Labour Party's ruling National Executive Committee has failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to elect his own shadow cabinet, after a meeting in London.
A new police force has added misogyny to its list of hate crimes to tackle abuse against women.
The BBC Spotlight survey on the potential outcome of a border poll suggests a majority of people in Northern Ireland would back staying in the UK if a poll was held today.
An Iranian couple who were among a group of refugees sent to Cambodia to be resettled in Australia's offshore detention centre on Nauru have returned home.
A cafe sign which refers to the murder of April Jones has been branded "shocking" by some people.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary, who has been jailed for five years for encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS), has been given a further five years in prison.
A four-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot, while his mother and three other children are in hospital with serious injuries.
Apple has raised $35bn (£24bn) by selling $10.5bn (Â£7.5m) of bonds in New York, as it continues to return cash to shareholders.
A Kent NHS trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found it had "serious concerns" over patient safety and staff shortages.
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments by US presidential candidate Donald Trump that he may end the "One China" policy.
A Chinese centre that houses baby hatches, where parents can abandon their sick or premature babies, has temporarily suspended the opening of new centres, the director has said.
A father who tried to save his son and another man who died after getting into difficulty in the sea was killed by drowning, an inquest has heard.
So what is the "lock" in the Labour manifesto that Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have put in place to keep the party fiscally honest?
The family of a British backpacker who has been missing in Peru for more than a month are planning to fly to the country to search for him.
Peruvian President Ollanta Humala has said he will continue to push for social programmes to lift more people out of poverty in his first year in office.
A man has been rescued from the sea off Bangor after being found unconscious in the water off the coast of the town.
A group of bikers have been banned from a pub by the owners of a brewery, a solicitor has said.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Livingston moved to within three points of Scottish League One leaders Livingston with a 3-1 win over 10-man Livingston, who had two men sent off.
A shopping centre which has been closed for more than a decade because of safety concerns is to be rebuilt.
Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs, the company behind the brand has announced.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales, the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse, has thanked former MP Ian McKelvie for his work on the panel he chaired.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a joint agreement to recognise one another formally for the first time.
A report into the death of a baby girl killed by a dog in Northamptonshire has found police failed to act on concerns about the animal's illegal breed.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the January training camp in Spain ahead of two friendlies against Norway and Sweden.
The UK is holding a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the European Union (EU) on 23 June.
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution, saying it was "far below the required level".
Kevin Pietersen hit his first Twenty20 international century in more than two years as he led South Africa's Dolphins to victory over Australia's Sydney Knights in the T20 Blast.
A group of Northern Ireland politicians and campaigners have launched a legal bid to stop the UK leaving the European Union.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland has continued for the past few weeks.
The Royal Academy of Arts has revealed details of a legal battle over the Monet water garden that was fought by farmers in the early 1900s.
A fireworks shop destroyed in a fire caused by a controlled explosion in Hampshire has been "completely gutted", its owner has said.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked for gross misconduct.
Two goals from Demarai Gray and one from Islam Slimani helped Leicester City to a 4-1 win over Sheffield United in the EFL Cup second round.
Hospitals in Wales are failing to save enough lives by treating patients with sepsis, according to new research.
A legal battle over the inheritance of late US comedian Robin Williams' widow has been put on hold in a California court.
A man who registered more than 200 fake births and claimed more than £30,000 in benefits has been jailed for six months.
European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano has completed his first spacewalk.
A man has been killed after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK government's decision to sell arms to Saudi Arabia was "rational", the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order suffered a second successive batting collapse as they were beaten by India A in the second of their two one-day internationals in Mumbai.
US cruise company Carnival has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter, despite a sharp fall in ticket prices.
Uruguay has announced it will begin selling marijuana in pharmacies in July, three years after the country became the first in the world to legalise the drug.
A woman whose friend was killed in a fire at a wood treatment plant has been named the community's "hero" at the National Lottery's Community Award for 2015.
Residents in Bristol, in the UK, have been complaining about the smell of vinegar they say they're getting from their local park.
Oxfordshire's private sector will not be able to cope with the impact of cuts to public sector spending, a business leader has warned.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto, police say.
Tim Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich and move within three points of the top four.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said the government will not "fall into the trap of saying any speed is 'enough'".
Some countries are not ready to provide adequate testing for HIV in their laboratories, a World Health Organization survey suggests.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says she considered retiring after the World Cup in 2010 because she wanted to help her country qualify for a major tournament for the first time.
Crawley Town have signed former West Bromwich Albion defender James Hurst on a free transfer.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield to secure a top-six finish and a European play-off place.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to scrap the cap on the amount of benefits a family can claim, saying it is "very bad for children and very bad for the community".
Bosses have been warned not to allow their staff to be spied on by reading their emails and texts, following a ruling that allowed bosses to read some private messages.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device that helped scientists study the behaviour of the big cat has been shot dead in Botswana.
The care system for the elderly and disabled is in "crisis" and more money is needed to provide services, a survey of adult social care bosses suggests.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on a new striker in the January transfer window.
Widnes Vikings prop Joe Mellor has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Jamie MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
A health watchdog has criticised the care of dementia patients at Dumfries and Galloway's Royal Victoria Hospital after two inspections.
Southampton assistant manager Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's Premier League match against Bournemouth.
The Central American nation of Belize is a small, mountainous country in the western hemisphere, with a population of about 324,000.
A woman has been cleared of sending a 14-year-old boy explicit pictures of herself on Facebook.
A new treatment for children with epilepsy that uses a component of cannabis is being tested in a trial being carried out in Edinburgh and London.
Senegal has warned that its troops are ready to fight against those trying to oust The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh if he does not step down.
A school tuition programme for GCSE students who are at risk of failing to achieve a pass grade has become a hit with pupils in west Belfast.
A judge has said he did not intend to interfere with a TD's comments in the Irish parliament about the personal finances of the Republic of Ireland's richest man.
Shrewsbury Town have signed midfielder Luke MacGillivray on a one-year deal after he was released by Walsall.
Profits at BG Group have fallen sharply in the first quarter of the year, as the oil and gas firm reported a sharp fall in revenues and profits.
The number of visitors to Cumbria has "collapsed" following flooding and a landslide, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood Town eased to victory over Scunthorpe United in the League One relegation battle, with the visitors suffering their first defeat in five games.
Emergency teams in Nepal are arriving in the country to help the survivors of the devastating earthquake that struck the capital, Kathmandu, on Sunday.
A British man missing in Brussels after the terror attacks in the Belgian capital may have been caught up in a second blast, his family has said.
Former champion jockey Katie Turner has backed the rise of female jockeys, saying it is "good to see there is light at the end of the tunnel" for female riders.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in its North Sea operations, including 600 in Aberdeen.
Human remains found in the search for a treasure hoard in New Mexico have been identified as a US man who went missing while searching for the treasure.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in the Shankill area of Belfast on Saturday.
It is not every athlete's dream to be a world champion hammer thrower, but for one woman from Lancashire, it has taken her from the age of 14 to the Olympic Games.
Transformers: Age of Ultron has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row, despite the absence of any major new releases.
A dog has been rescued after falling from a cliff in Devon.
The sister of a cyclist who was killed in a crash in north London has appealed for information about the incident to help find the driver.
Newcastle has said it has made an estimated £43m of economic impact after hosting the Rugby World Cup for the second time.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a goalless draw in front of a sell-out crowd at the Cardiff City Stadium.
A zoo in Swansea has rescued 32 bearded dragons that were abandoned in a box in its shop.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone with a win over Mansfield Town.
A man who helped a woman who admitted murdering a man and dumping his body in a park has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association is considering whether to continue or change the way it operates its performance school programme for young footballers.
A Monet painting of a lily pond, Nympheas, by the French artist Claude Monet, has sold for £31.7m at an auction in London.
Nico Rosberg won a thrilling Singapore Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the world title race as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton took third.
Graeme McDowell was full of confidence on Thursday.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused US drug giant Pfizer of abusing its dominant position in a cancer drug market to charge the NHS more than £50m for a drug it made for a competitor.
The Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body, its president, Dr Julius Malinzi, has said.
Audi will not compete in the Le Mans 24-hour race in 2017 and will instead compete in Formula E in 2018.
A burst water main has left more than 100 homes in Bournemouth without water for the second day running.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand for the Holyrood elections next year with a promise to restore tax credits for working families.
Bristol City midfielder Milutin 'Michail' Sredojevic is set to return to training on Friday after missing the win over Wolves.
Iraq's political parties are vying for power in the country's first general election since the 2003 US-led invasion that led to the overthrow of Prime Minister Nouri Maliki and the start of a sectarian war that has lasted since.
High winds have been battering Scotland as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo move in from the Atlantic.
A haul of gold coins dating back to the Fatimid Caliphate, one of the most powerful Islamic empires in the Middle East, has been found in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Israel.
Former Australian Open finalist Anders Lindahl has been banned from tennis for seven years for match-fixing.
The row over the pay of the chief executives of the City of London's biggest companies has been reignited by the revelation that the boss of City-based City bank City Hall, Antony Gormley, is to be paid £1.5m a year.
A college in Coventry is trying to tackle one of the biggest challenges facing further-education colleges in England by changing the way it teaches key GCSEs.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in a car in Tallaght, County Dublin.
A Singaporean couple has surprised their guests by staging a wedding photo shoot in a coffin - the first of its kind in the city-state.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's late equaliser earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield Town as the Championship leaders drew for the second time in three games.
Downton Abbey has added another guest star to its cast, with the news that actress Helen Johnston is to join the cast of the BBC One drama for the fifth series.
The fall in oil prices has been a huge blow to many countries, and has left many of them facing serious economic problems.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined for failing to turn up to training on time after failing to hear his alarm.
A key part of a machine used to break the code to decipher World War Two's Enigma code has been found in a shed in Essex.
A project to create a " hybrid" of Welsh and Indian culture is among the first projects to be announced as part of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017.
An academy chain run by a former government adviser has been told by Ofsted it is "too many" underperforming schools.
Arsenal have signed France international defender Jean-Louis Reveillere on a two-year deal after he agreed a pre-contract agreement with the club.
Russia's security service is considering a plan to close off a database that lists the ownership of state property, a watchdog has warned.
Nato and Russia have said they have "profound and persistent differences" over the Ukraine conflict, after talks at the highest level between the two nations.
The use of jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones in Scottish prisons is to be rolled out in weeks, Prison Minister John MacAskill has said.
Thousands of people have been displaced by severe flooding in the US state of Louisiana, with more than 1,000 people killed and thousands more displaced.
The first female chief pilot of an Australian airline has been appointed, in what is believed to be the first in the world.
A fake BBC news story claiming to be from the BBC has been shared on social media in Kenya, prompting the BBC to issue a warning to its readers.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, in a case that has sparked outrage in the country.
Controversial plans for a new golf course in Sutherland have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Google has confirmed it is to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London, with the company saying it will create up to 7,000 jobs in the UK.
A "bungalow" built by Stonehenge's ancient inhabitants was a "very comfortable snug" and used as a hearth for heating stones, it has been revealed.
A chronology of key events:..
Christian Benteke has joined Crystal Palace on loan from Liverpool until the end of the season.
A Scottish grandmother who moved to Australia to live with her son and his family after his death is facing deportation back to the UK.
A shoe shop has been badly damaged and a road service depot damaged in flooding that hit County Tyrone on Saturday night.
A task force set up to try to save the steel industry in Scotland has met for the first time.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 28 because of injury.
A newborn baby girl found dead at a bus stop in north Wales has been named by police.
Hearts' return to the Premiership will help raise the profile of the Scottish Professional Football League, according to Scottish Professional League Football League chief executive David Doncaster.
The Welsh government's tuition fee grant should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete with other UK universities, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic manager Guy Luzon says he will not be distracted by his future when his side host fellow Championship strugglers Burnley on Saturday.
China is using "coercive" tactics to force foreign companies to behave in a way that is "unacceptable", according to the former head of the International Institute of Strategic Studies, Ian McGregor.
Wales' players and coaches have been celebrating their historic win over England in the Euro 2016 semi-final at Wembley.
More than a third of working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month if they lose their job, according to a survey by Shelter.
More than £1bn was spent using contactless payments in the UK last year, according to the industry, with the use of the technology rising by more than 50% in the last year.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have said they are "beyond heartbroken" after his death.
Iraqi forces fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Falluja are still fighting to retake the city, the US military says, despite announcing the end of the offensive to retake it.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew with Reading in their first game in the Women's Super League One season.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the England squad for the first time, but has not been called into the Republic of Ireland squad.
UK inflation rose in January, the first rise in three months, as the cost of petrol and other fuels continued to fall.
Britain's David Davies and Katie Hermitage won gold medals at the European Indoor Athletics Championships as David Weir and David Davies both claimed their second golds on the final day of the event in Bologna.
The Scottish government has said it is "confident" it will be able to deliver improvements to the A9 at Berriedale Braes, which has a "very challenging road" with a "hairpin bend".
Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider signing defender Yids Yiadom until he is told "one way or another" about his future by Manchester United.
A campaign to promote the Metro rail project has been criticised for spending thousands of pounds on "useless" posters.
Ireland have named Sean O'Brien in their 23-man squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Scotland in Murrayfield.
The BBC is not getting a "fair bang for its buck" for its investment in the Midlands, MPs have said in a debate on the future of the corporation.
A distant object has been discovered in the Solar System, thought to be the most distant object ever detected in our own system.
If you're trying to woo someone, here's a little tip.
England produced one of the greatest performances in the history of Test rugby as they stunned world champions New Zealand in the first Test of the World Cup.
A group of tech giants has pledged $1bn (£7.5bn) to fund research into artificial intelligence (AI) - a move that it says will help develop the technology "without the need for profit".
Scotland ran in six tries as they eased to a comfortable win over Georgia in the Six Nations in Edinburgh.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season at the expense of his contract.
The Labour Party has made significant gains in the number of young voters during the general election campaign, particularly among those aged 18-29, according to new research.
Sir Neville Marriner, the British conductor and founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, has died at the age of 93.
It was the most dramatic, most unexpected, most shocking of nights.
A man has died and two other people have been seriously injured after a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
The sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland has been banned since a law was passed to protect young people from the dangers of the drugs.
Giannelli Imbula's future at West Ham United is in doubt because of a lack of playing time, says manager Mark Hughes.
A man has died after his car crashed into a lorry in Kent.
A body has been found in the sea off the coast of Cornwall, eight days after a man went missing while on holiday.
Lotus, the British electronic musician who has found fame on BBC Radio 1Xtra's Sound of 2016, has been named the BBC's Sound Of 2016 for 2016.
The mood at Likud headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief.
The number of people commuting for more than two hours to and from work has more than doubled in the past five years, official figures show.
Barra Airport on the Isle of Barra in the Western Isles has celebrated its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle crossing in Cardiff is to be opened next week after months of delays.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing, which killed 22 people and injured 59 others.
The Garden Bridge project in south London will receive £10m less than originally planned after a deal was struck to cut the amount of money London taxpayers will pay towards the project.
A collection of sculptures by Zaha Hadid, including a water lily sculpture by the late artist, has opened at Chatsworth Castle as part of the Chatsford Art exhibition.
A 19-year-old man who plotted to carry out a mass murder in London has been jailed for life after being caught by undercover MI5 officers.
2016 was a year of loss for Northern Ireland's arts scene.
It's a statement from Tate director Nicholas Serota that is perhaps the most striking thing about his resignation letter.
The transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 June, with clubs in the Premier League and Scottish Premiership being allowed to sign players until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says he is hopeful that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be signed in the coming days.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the former head of the Indian charity run by Mother Teresa, has died in the city of Kolkata, aged 90.
Goalkeeper Rachel Laws has signed a new deal with Durham City Ladies, ending her 10-year spell with Sunderland Ladies.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has not called for a veto over any Brexit deal the UK government strikes with the European Union.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal with a group of investors to raise £1.2bn to help it to stay in business.
The BBC's Afghan correspondent, Farooq Aziz, travelled to Afghanistan last month to meet the country's first private sector entrepreneur, Jan Popal, who was working on a road project in the northern province of Helmand, when he found his digger lying in ruins.
The Oxford to Didcot railway line has reopened after being closed for more than a month to allow improvements to be carried out.
A dog with a "unique" set of teeth which causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home after a successful adoption campaign.
A letter written by John Lennon, which is believed to be the first letter he ever wrote, is to be sold at auction.
The Conservative Party is in danger of falling apart again.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Former Scotland midfielder Danny Wilson says Darren Fletcher will not be disappointed if he is not named as captain for Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland.
A rescue boat made by a Welsh college in the 1960s has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the rescue of migrants.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas and used water cannon to disperse protesters after a riot broke out during a curfew imposed in response to the killing of a black teenager by a policeman.
Brazil's government has set out a plan to tackle deforestation in the Amazon region, but the country's indigenous communities are concerned about the impact the government's policies are having on their lives.
Former Scotland and Ulster head coach Alan Solomons says the new South African sides set to join the Pro12 will face a "brutal" schedule in their first season in the competition.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised the country's largest electricity company, Transportadora de Electricidad (TDE), in a move that could lead to a similar move to Argentina's YPF oil company.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, has reported a rise in profits and sales in China, as it continues to spin off its business in the country.
Residents of Sheerwater in Surrey have called for a new plan to be drawn up for the regeneration of the Sheerwaters estate.
About 100 workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on a drilling platform.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have elected their first black council members in more than a decade, in a vote marked by high turnout and a campaign to improve relations with the police.
The TUC has called for a "co-ordinated" campaign against the government's austerity cuts, as it opened its annual congress in London.
Lee Clark's appointment as Kilmarnock's new manager has been welcomed by his former club, who have been in the Premiership for just one season.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins won his first World Road World Championships gold medal in the men's time trial to complete a career-best 10th title.
I've just returned from a two-week holiday in Asia and I'm back in the US, but I've been left with two impressions from my trip.
Two men have been charged with plotting a terror attack in Sydney, Australia, police say, as the country remains on high alert following a series of raids by counter-terrorism officers.
A council leader has admitted he has "some responsibility" for a £10.25m loan to a football club which has never been paid back.
Young people born in the early 1980s have less wealth than their predecessors, according to a new report.
A collection of Star Wars characters have been captured on camera in the Firth of Forth in Shetland.
Ray Moore, the chief executive of the Indian Wells Masters, has resigned after he said women should "get down on their knees" and thank men for their success.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers after five years in charge of the club.
A US appeals court has ordered the trial of former JP Morgan Chase chief executive Hank Greenberg, who is accused of defrauding investors out of $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in the 2008 financial crisis.
Marcus Trescothick hit a second successive double century as Somerset's batsmen struggled on day three against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
Two directors of a Newport turkey processing company have been jailed after a national recall of more than 100,000 turkeys following a food hygiene scandal.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award.
Volkswagen has said it will come up with a fix for the 11 million cars it is recalling in the US over emissions-rigging, but US regulators have said it may not be possible.
Ollie Norburn's late strike gave Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester after a thrilling National League game at the Chester Football Club.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing during a Test match against England in October.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after his record-equalling Masters win, adding that he has been "eating like a pig" and not running for two weeks after the tournament.
Sky Sports has announced the first Friday night Premier League game of the season will be shown live on television.
The Irish parliament is due to meet again for the first time since the general election on Thursday, with no party able to form a government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year deal with the club.
A rare albino deer has been born in the UK, and it's been given a special name - the baby deer is called the 'Little Red Deer'.
A missing family of 12 from Luton, including an elderly couple and their two children, may have gone to Syria, police have said.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has revealed plans for the first public transport line over Cardiff Bay.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it must hand over documents relating to a claim of misconduct by a former loyalist bomb disposal expert.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of "choking" over his failure to act on allegations that Russia meddled in the 2016 election.
A football club has apologised after residents were woken by a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Two newspapers in Istanbul have been attacked by gunmen who opened fire on their offices in the Turkish capital, Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast's Queen's University Hospital after a five-year delay.
A blogger who was facing a court case over a £25,000 libel claim against her former council boss has had her case dropped.
A man has reported a watch thief to police after he was robbed on board an Emirates flight from Dubai to Hong Kong.
The French presidential candidate in Sunday's election has said he will reform the European Union if he wins, and that France could be at risk of leaving the EU if he loses.
A man who was born in the UK to a couple who had not married has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
A senior financial adviser has been banned from the City for life after admitting he avoided paying the full fare for a train journey from a rural station to London by boarding at a different station.
David Cameron should raise corruption in Russia during his visit to Moscow this weekend, four former foreign secretaries have urged the prime minister.
Hartlepool United striker Jake Cassidy scored his first goal of the season as they drew at Macclesfield in their National League opener.
Iran will not dismantle its Arak nuclear reactor until it has completed modifications to it, the country's nuclear chief has said, amid reports that the facility has been dismantled.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die in World War One, has been told in detail for the first time in a new documentary, 100 years after he was shot down by German troops in Belgium.
David Haye says he will "happily pay" a fine for comments he made after his defeat by Tony Bellew in London last month, but insists he will not be fined by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC).
The battle to save BHS from the collapse of the High Street retailer is entering its final stages.
South Africa's steel industry is in a state of crisis after a strike by metalworkers over pay and conditions.
A US man who was shot by a gunman on a train in 2015 during a stand-off with a suspected Islamist militant has been awarded France's highest military honour.
A Borders town's main road is to be closed for a month for the completion of a £10m flood protection scheme.
A bid to devolve powers to the Solent region has been "killed" by local councils, according to the leaders of three councils.
Middlesbrough have signed Everton midfielder Marten de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to a medical.
A train that carried Winston Churchill's coffin has been restored after being taken from a museum in the north of England to a museum near Oxford.
A GP practice in south London has said it has seen its busiest week in its history, with patients "on edge" and "on the edge" as they wait to see doctors.
Ikea has recalled more than 1.5 million beach chairs in the UK and other countries after five people were injured when they were incorrectly re-assembled.
Banks in India are marking the fingers of people who have exchanged banned high-denomination bank notes with ink to stop them from using them for multiple transactions.
Former US football star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to a university to help research the effects of head injuries on athletes.
A woman has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Fairlie, North Lanarkshire.
Hampshire and Worcestershire batsman Phil Hughes has died aged 25 after being hit by a ball while playing for Australia's Sydney Thunder.
Shelley Aluko's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City as they came from behind to draw with Nottingham Forest.
Scientists have made the first functioning cells that could be used to treat type 1 diabetes, in a step towards a cure, according to a study.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew has been charged with violent conduct after allegedly confronting Watford fans following Saturday's 2-2 draw.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club have the potential to challenge for the Scottish Premiership title this season.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Anna Lindahl has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A woman whose photograph on the cover of National Geographic magazine became a global hit has been arrested in Pakistan and faces jail for allegedly forging an identity card.
In the days when inventors were often found in the back of a garage, tinkering with a few bits of metal and a few glue-guns, home-grown inventions were considered a sign of genius.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 in Oxfordshire have been unveiled as part of a £50m strategy to improve travel times between Oxford and Witney.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Police are concerned for the safety of a 13-year-old girl and her 13-month-old brother who have been missing from their home in Greater Manchester for more than a week.
A seven-year-old girl who was missing for more than 24 hours has been found safe and well, police have said.
A gay vicar has said the Church of England is " institutionally homophobic" and has policies and attitudes towards the LGBT community which are harmful.
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut against Slovenia on Sunday despite being named in the starting line-up for Celtic.
Aberdeen defender Ryan Shinnie has signed a new three-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Belfast Giants' Elite League title hopes suffered a blow as they lost 4-2 to Nottingham Panthers in the first of two games between the sides on Friday night.
"We're the best in the world," said Hassan Hassan, proudly, as he pointed to the brightly coloured lifeguard towers that ring the Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
A priest from the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint by Pope Francis.
Critics have praised a new exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate Modern, saying it is "a feast for the eyes".
A father accused of killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him has denied killing him by shaking him, a court has heard.
A Leeds United employee was suspended for more than a month because of her relationship with a club coach, a tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who was the subject of a profanity-laden rant at his concert after she was accused of being "Hitler".
Sam Allardyce has left Crystal Palace by mutual consent after six months in charge of the Premier League club.
A Ceredigion care home for the elderly is "stuck in the past" and should be closed to save money, union leaders have said.
The US space agency's Juno probe has returned its first ever pictures of Jupiter.
"The most important thing you can do when looking at data is not to make a sweeping generalisation, but to ask some key questions."
A biscuit maker has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs, after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The firm behind the collapsed Pembrokeshire-based Zano electric skateboard project has published a new update on how its £2.3m funding was distributed.
Malaysian police say they believe the Islamic State (IS) group was involved in a grenade attack on a restaurant in which four people were killed last month.
Eastern Europe is in danger of missing out on a chance to elect its own leader as the next UN secretary-general, say observers at the UN.
Italian police have arrested 13 people suspected of being involved in a terror network in northern Europe, in an operation targeting Kurdish-Kurdish militants.
An RAF serviceman whose medals were stolen from his car has said he was "really upset" when they were shared online after he found out they had been stolen.
The novel by James Comey and the film by James McAvoy, The Night Manager, are among the titles in the running for a prestigious international literary award.
A Leicestershire museum could be at risk of closure after a funding bid was withdrawn, the Museums Association has said.
Arsenal came from behind to draw with Manchester United as Theo Walcott's late equaliser earned them a draw at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side's collapse in the second Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions.
On the night of 7 July 1986, the Zeebrugge ferry was leaving the Belgian port of ZeeBrugge for Dover.
A group of volunteers in Northern Ireland is helping to save the lives of hundreds of bats that have been stranded in homes and on the streets after the bad weather.
A man has been stabbed after being attacked on a train at a London Underground station in what police are treating as a hate crime.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, with the vote in Scotland and Northern Ireland the biggest winners and the biggest losers.
Three pupils have been expelled from St David's College in Dumfries after a small amount of cannabis was found on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to their Championship campaign with a comfortable victory over Leeds United.
Five police officers have appeared in court charged with misconduct after a police helicopter was used for "inappropriate filming" of a woman.
Microsoft has unveiled a new Xbox SmartGlass device that connects to Windows 8 and Windows Phone tablets and smartphones.
The Scottish Premiership season gets under way on Saturday, with Celtic looking to defend their title and Aberdeen and Hearts looking to make a strong start to their campaigns.
Passengers were forced to divert to Stansted Airport after a drone was spotted near Gatwick Airport.
Bahrain has freed prominent human rights activist Nabeel Rajab after he served two-thirds of a two-year prison sentence for taking part in protests, a court in the Gulf kingdom has said.
Rangers came from behind to beat Aberdeen and end the Dons' slim hopes of a top-four finish in the Premiership.
A private company has been confirmed as the preferred bidder for £1.2bn of outsourcing contracts to provide cancer care in Staffordshire.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in France to commemorate Jersey's soldiers who died during World War One.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and move up to second in the Premiership table.
A review into alleged abuse and neglect at care homes in south Wales will be carried out by an independent body, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Congo beat Burkina Faso in a dramatic finish to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time in their history and knock out the reigning champions Nigeria.
A prominent Indian writer-activist has been arrested and charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem, police say.
Two planes have collided at an airport in Detroit, Michigan, with the loss of one wing and the loss in tail of one of the planes.
The number of Scots looking for work in the spring months was higher than at any time since the start of the year, according to official figures, but the Scottish unemployment rate was still higher than the UK average.
A university student has developed "green" falling snow products which are "the most environmentally friendly" in the world.
The number of patients being discharged from hospital in England has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to new figures.
A rare disease which affects the ability to walk and talk has been given a major boost after a new drug was approved for use on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell have confirmed that Saturday's Premiership match against Aberdeen will go ahead after the majority of their first team squad recovered from illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, who helped to usher in a new conservative era in US politics, has died at the age of 91.
A company has been fined £10,000 after faults were found in gas pipes in more than 300 homes in a housing development in Dorset.
The University of Groningen in the Netherlands has a name that means "English University" - and it is easy to see why.
The Ulster-Scots language was first officially recognised in the UK in the 18th Century when the Ulster-Scottish Parliament was established.
A California woman who was kidnapped last month has been found safe and well, police say, after being rescued by a passing motorist.
New York City has approved a bill to ban the so-called "superhero" performers in Times Square, a move aimed at curbing the harassment of tourists.
A man who was forced to stay in a hospital for more than a year after refusing to leave has been given a new home.
Private clinics offering a genetic test for pregnant women may be putting women at risk of miscarriage, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal after he was released by the Irish Premiership club.
A plan to encourage more people to walk or cycle in Wales has been published, following criticism of the current system.
When you are a presidential candidate, you have to be careful not to alienate the most important groups in your party.
The Snowdon Race has taken place for the 20th time, with more than 1,000 competitors taking part in the annual race across the Snowdonia mountains.
MP Sir Kevin Mitchel has said he may have breached House of Commons rules by accepting fees for using the Commons for dinners and breakfast.
Shares in Chinese social media firm Weibo have soared in their first day of trading on the US stock market, raising more than $1bn (Â£869m) in its first day.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team have been back in the country for the first time in more than a year.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to trace in connection with a disturbance on a bus in Edinburgh.
North Korea has warned that it could "totally destroy" the US island of Guam with a nuclear missile, in a threat that has left many residents on the island nervous.
A British diver who was arrested on a European Arrest Warrant after the deaths of two friends in Malta has said he is "elated" charges against him have been dropped.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
A Ukrainian city has been forced to remove communist-era monuments and street names from its streets in a campaign to remove symbols of the country's communist past.
Rory McIlroy has dismissed the suggestion that he will be the man to beat in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Friday.
Four men have been charged in connection with an axe-wielding robbery at a petrol station.
Amazon is using a loophole in the UK tax system to avoid paying tax on profits made in the country it does not control.
Migrants who lose their lives at sea trying to reach Europe are among the thousands of people who have been killed in the migrant crisis in Europe.
Justin Gatlin's remarkable comeback from a doping scandal that saw him banned twice for life is causing controversy in the sport, writes BBC Sport's Mark Williams.
A Northampton MP who has been under fire over a £10m loan to a football club is to stand down from Parliament.
The Supporters' Trust has said it is still waiting for "significant information" from the new owners of Swansea City after talks over a new shareholders' agreement broke down.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about his side's patriotism despite Wales forward Gareth Bale's criticism of his team.
Tony Blair has said he will not give Ed Miliband advice on the row between Labour and the unions over the selection of party candidates, saying he does not want to "quash" his pitch.
Theresa May has said she was described as a "bloody difficult woman" by Jean-Claude Juncker, as she dismissed reports of a row between the two leaders over Brexit.
Livingston have released midfielder Scott Martin after he was unable to agree a new contract with the League One club.
The Circuit of Wales would have been "well outside the natural agglomeration" of the motor sport industry, according to the man who runs the Pembrey circuit.
Southampton Council is proposing to cut hundreds of jobs and close care homes as part of plans to save Â£30m over the next three years.
Dundee have won their first Scottish League Two game of the season.
League Two side Ipswich Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a season-long loan from Championship side Reading.
A man and woman found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named by police.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England next month after suffering a calf injury.
The family of a schoolgirl found dead in a canal have said they are "stunned" by the failure to monitor a convicted murderer who was later found dead.
At least 40 people have been killed in an attack by militants on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris has been branded a paedophile by his own community in Australia, and his reputation has been destroyed by the public.
The boss of PSA Group, which is in talks to buy Vauxhall, is to meet Theresa May to discuss the potential takeover of the UK carmaker.
A Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss for the first three months of the year after a "challenging" harvest.
A former enterprise minister has said he will ask the public spending watchdog to investigate the cost of Invest NI's controversial PFI contract.
Scientists have identified two chemicals from the grass sweetgrass that could be used as a new insect repellent.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of having sex with her boyfriend on a stage at a concert in London.
The UK's High Court has ruled that Facebook can use the name "Litter Buddy" after the social media giant took legal action against the app's creator, Google.
Tests on drinking water in a Lincolnshire town have found "harmless organisms" after a burst main led to a boil warning.
In this week's Tech Tent, we look at the rise of virtual reality, the rise and fall of video games, and the rise in popularity of artificial intelligence.
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 61 runs in the second Test in Southampton to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
The Japan society in Belfast is a place where Japanese culture is celebrated.
David Cameron has said he is "open to the idea" of a UN resolution to remove Syria's chemical weapons from the country, after Russia said it was ready to negotiate a deal.
Former Conservative Party chairman Lord Ashcroft has been treated for septic shock after being taken ill while promoting his book about David Cameron's Oxford University days, it has emerged.
The Taliban have captured Sangin district in Afghanistan's southern Helmand province, in what is seen as a major blow to the Afghan security forces.
A prison has asked residents to come to an evening to discuss what to do if packages are thrown over its wall in an attempt to smuggle contraband into the jail.
The Church in Wales is to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first women priests to be ordained in the country.
The cost of a £50m Borders Borders Borders bypass could rise by more than £1m, according to new figures released by Borders Council.
Sinn FÃ©in's deputy first minister Martin McGuinness has said the SDLP and Alliance Party have been offered the justice minister's job in the new Northern Ireland Executive.
A search for the bodies of two coastguard crew members who went missing after a helicopter crashed in the Blackrock area of County Donegal has resumed.
A giant dragon has been born in China, in what is thought to be the world's largest ever dragon-eating ceremony.
Four British servicemen and women who lost their legs in Afghanistan have become the first all-amputee team to row across the Atlantic Ocean.
A second tidal turbine has been installed in Shetland to generate electricity for the first time.
Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train buried in Poland's south-western forests have said they have "legally informed" the state authorities of their discovery.
Bradford City midfielder Luke Darby has turned down a new contract with the Championship club, while six other players have been offered new deals.
New Tate director Jane Balshaw is a woman who has a vision for the Tate that is as clear as it is ambitious.
The CIA has said it is investigating claims that a hacking attack on a private email account belonging to its director John Brennan may have exposed classified information.
I'm watching a team of robots play football, and I'm not sure I'm very impressed.
A US tourist has been raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say, the second such attack in recent months.
Former World Cup-winning footballer Abby Wambach has admitted to police that she tried cocaine at the age of 25, according to court documents.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine, beating defending champion Chris Froome by 13 seconds.
Teachers in England earn 22% less than their counterparts in other countries, despite the rise in the number of graduates, according to the OECD.
Relatives of four Chinese men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost a legal bid for an independent inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Kristoffer Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have said they will return to Scotland after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled because of "safety issues" on stage.
Some schools in England are failing to meet the requirement of the school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator for England.
Tottenham moved five points clear at the top of the Premier League as they came from behind to beat Swansea City and maintain their pursuit of leaders Leicester City.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says the players have "let themselves down" after a poor run of form left them in danger of missing out on the Premiership title.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
What do you do when the Stormont Assembly is not sitting for a full day of business?
Russia has begun military exercises in southern Russia, as it continues to step up its air strikes in Syria and carries out military exercises across the country.
A nurse who posted offensive comments on a Stafford Hospital patient's Facebook page has been struck off the health register.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying activists from Tunisia and Turkey who were trying to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Scottish politicians have been campaigning in Scotland as the general election campaign enters its final days.
A new compensation fund for people who were exposed to asbestos at work has been launched by the government.
Blackburn Rovers missed the chance to secure their Championship survival as they were held to a draw by Bristol City.
League One side MK Dons have signed striker Adam Barnett on a one-year deal after his release by Shrewsbury Town.
South Sudan's former vice-president Riek Machar has said he will return to the country to fight for his rebel group, despite recent clashes with the government.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down 0.4% at 6,906.50, with the FTSe 100 index of leading shares down by just 0.1%.
A man has died after being restrained by police officers while they were dealing with a "suspicious" situation.
The atheist Richard Dawkins has welcomed the Welsh census figures showing a fall in the number of people who describe themselves as Christians.
Raymond Aubrac, a French Resistance fighter who escaped from Nazi Germany during World War Two and became a UN food and agriculture expert, has died aged 100.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality, police say.
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with a comfortable victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
It is a club that has been in the Football League for more than a decade, with a record of more than 1,000 wins and a league record of 5,000 points.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in thousands of Syrian refugees, according to the Scottish Councils and Social Services Association (Cosla).
Graeme Shinnie's stunning late strike gave Aberdeen a narrow win over Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League qualifying round second leg in Aberdeen.
A Canadian police helicopter has been criticised for apparently having an inappropriate conversation with residents while flying over a city.
A teenager who stabbed a man to death in a "one-on-one" street fight in north London has been jailed for life.
Defending champion Andy Murray survived a scare to beat Italian Fabio Fognini in a thrilling match on Centre Court and reach the fourth round of the Australian Open.
A man arrested in Germany over a bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund football team's bus in April was motivated by financial greed, not terrorism, investigators say.
The family of a man who died after being tackled by police have called for calm after clashes between police and protesters over his death.
Gillingham have appointed former manager Paul Taylor as their new head coach, with David Pennock remaining in charge of the League One club.
Police in India have dropped sedition charges against seven Muslim men who were arrested for allegedly shouting anti-India slogans during the World Cup cricket match between India and Pakistan on Monday.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing the Islamic State (IS) group to smuggle oil into Turkey, in a fresh attack on the country's ties with the jihadist group.
A US government agency has said it will not grant permission to cross a key water crossing for the Dakota Access Pipeline, which has sparked a stand-off with Native Americans in North Dakota.
An alpaca that was seriously injured in a dog attack in New Forest has died, its owner has said.
The director general of the Northern Ireland Prison Service has said she is "devastated" at the death of a prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack.
A man accused of murdering a 23-year-old man in Aberdeen was "limp" when he was arrested and sat up like a teddy bear when police arrived, a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "not surprised" by speculation linking him with the England manager's job and believes Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity".
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has had his appeal against his red card in the defeat by Celtic rejected.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after making a joke about a fire in which a number of businesses were destroyed, referring to the victims as "hipsters".
A man who was previously jailed for killing a man has admitted attacking another man with an axe and knife at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans for a new stadium to replace its flood-hit Sudmeadow ground in Gloucester.
Police are investigating after Britain First members visited a Cardiff mosque following claims it was "radicalised".
A project to help restore artefacts lost in the Iraq war has produced 3D renderings of artefacts that were destroyed in the recent Mosul earthquake.
Heavy drinking is the biggest single cause of death in Wales, with more than half of all deaths in the country caused by alcohol, a report has said.
The remains of a ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago are being revealed in the most extensive excavation of its kind in the UK.
West Ham's move from Upton Park to the Olympic Stadium will have a knock-on effect on the surrounding area, but the club's fans and their local businesses are unsure if they will survive.
Shrien Dewani, the man accused of murdering his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to face trial.
The NHS in England, Wales and Northern Ireland is failing the most vulnerable patients in the country, a report has found.
South Africa bowled out England for just 107 on the final day of the fourth Test to complete a crushing innings-and-96-run victory and seal the series.
Scientists have used a huge radio telescope in the US to get a detailed view of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's government has proposed tougher penalties for attacks on teachers, in a bid to tackle the growing number of assaults on school staff.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby has been left badly shaken after being robbed and dumped in a park in Hawaii, after being taken from a bar in Honolulu.
Aberdeen must prove they can cope with the pressure of playing at Hampden when they face Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final, says former captain Jim Miller.
The former aide of Osama Bin Laden, Abu Muhammad al-Bahri, has died in hospital in Yemen, officials say.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted for a second time in a week, sending a plume of ash and smoke into the sky over a town in southern Chile, forcing the evacuation of about 1,000 people.
A North Carolina Republican has won the party's nomination to challenge Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in the US Senate election, in a contest seen as a test of the party establishment's ability to fend off tea party challengers.
A college bought Manchester United season tickets for its football team while under "chaotic" management, the BBC has learned.
Police forces in north Wales could face a further cut of up to 40% in their budgets, the region's top officer has warned.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram, in which he threatens to kill a Russian opposition leader, Andrei Kasyanov, who is due to appear in the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Monday.
The Belfast Giants suffered a fourth straight defeat as they were beaten 4-2 by the Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena on Sunday night.
Russian state-controlled Novaya Gazeta newspaper has said it will continue to investigate human rights abuses in Chechnya, despite a threat of "retribution" from Muslim clerics over its report that gay people were being persecuted in the republic.
 Harrison Ford has confirmed he will return to the role of Indiana Jones in a fifth film, but says he will not do so without a good script.
James Anderson became the second-most successful England one-day international bowler in history after taking his 200th wicket in the second Test against Australia.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced the closure of 100 more branches across the UK, bringing the total number of branches it plans to close to 1,100.
GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drugs business for $1.6bn (£1.3bn) in a bid to boost its HIV business and boost sales of Advair.
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction for £1,000.
The FA Cup qualifying rounds are in full swing, with non-league clubs hoping to reach the first round for the first time.
Justice Minister Robert Shatter has been at the centre of a series of controversies since he took up his post in the Republic of Ireland in 2011.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Akete has left the club to return to his native DR Congo on a season-long loan with the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A charity has called for a gym's advert for its new fitness programme to be removed after it was branded "offensive" and "aid bullying".
A "significant breakthrough" has been made in understanding why breast cancers can spread to the bone, scientists have discovered.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg after the Football Association found there was insufficient evidence to charge him.
Gary Neville's Valencia side were denied a first win in nine games as Barcelona came from behind to draw 1-1 and set up a Copa del Rey final place.
A Chinese fantasy tale that has been told in Chinese for centuries is being remade in New Zealand, but the decision has sparked a backlash in China, where it has been branded a "whitewashing" and "insulting" by many.
Two cels from the first Disney film to be filmed on film have sold for more than £20,000 at auction.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant on Facebook by saying he would turn himself in if he could only get a better mugshot.
Wladimir Klitschko is still interested in a fight with Anthony Joshua, says the British boxer's promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop lady was hit by a car while crossing the road to help a mother and daughter as they left a school, a court has heard.
Qatar must take urgent action to end the use of forced labour and end exploitation of foreign workers ahead of the 2022 World Cup, says Amnesty International (AI).
A Google Street View camera has been used to capture 360-degree images of Scotland's canals.
Lenovo has removed adware that was pre-installed on a number of its laptops and PCs, but the problem has caused a storm of criticism among users.
Taylor Swift has won the Grammy for record of the year for her album Taylor Swift: The Album for the second time.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in more than a decade in 2016, official figures have shown.
A man has been taken to hospital after being stabbed in the chest in a street in County Antrim.
Italian police have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of armed robberies in Milan in the style of the 1970s film A Clockwork Orange.
A Turkish military jet has crashed near the Syrian border, killing the pilot, Turkish media report, with the pilot apparently saying he was killed when the plane crashed.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the election result in the Supreme Court, despite international calls for him to accept the result.
Wales women's women beat Kazakhstan 4-0 to record their first win in three matches and move off the bottom of their Euro 2017 qualifying group as Jess Ward scored a hat-trick.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing naked women in its magazine.
WBA middleweight champion Felix Sturm retained his title with a thrilling points victory over Matt Macklin in Berlin.
Jayaram Jayaram Jayalalitha, who has died aged 69, was one of India's most controversial politicians.
Lancashire Police could be forced to cut up to 50% of its workforce by 2020 as part of further cuts, the county's police and crime commissioner has warned.
A study of 49 species of critically endangered cockatoos has found that some of the birds can establish their own "secondary populations" outside of their natural range.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue to work in the government despite resigning in protest at a law banning former officials from office.
Venezuelan acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep the room where he was born in the home of late President Hugo Chavez as a museum ahead of Sunday's presidential elections.
EastEnders fans are having a party to celebrate the death of Lucy Beale, who was killed off in the soap last week.
Chesterfield midfielder Yann Gnanduillet has joined League Two side Tranmere Rovers on loan until the end of the season.
Leicester City are close to agreeing a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from French champions N'golo Kantes from Paris St-Germain.
Scientists have shown that stem cells from the liver can regenerate the organ in a way that could revolutionise the way it is cared for.
The government has proposed new powers for the mobile phone and broadband sectors, including fines of up to £20,000 a day for operators that fail to meet targets.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
It is 60 years since the Nazi death camp at Mauthausen in Germany was closed down and the memory of Spain's victims was wiped out.
A Kent council has failed to pay out more than £5m in compensation to traders after dozens of sheep drowned at a port following a ban on live animal exports.
Livingston moved to within a point of Scottish League One leaders Livingston by beating Queen's Park to move three points clear at the top of the table.
A man who has been playing the piano for more than 50 years has been reunited with his old bandmates after a long-lost reunion.
The first interbreeding between modern humans and Neanderthals took place in the early stages of our species' spread across the globe, according to a new analysis of DNA from a 45,000-year-old fossil.
Syrian opposition leaders have held a rare meeting in Damascus, in what they described as the first such event in decades to discuss the country's political crisis.
Police have used batons to disperse Leicester City fans who were involved in disturbances in Madrid after the Premier League club's 2-1 defeat by Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Some schools are "gaming" the system by putting too many pupils in for early GCSEs, the education minister has said.
Two 15-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate in Wisconsin in a "sickening" attack in a bid to please the fictional Slender Man horror character have pleaded not guilty in court.
A Nigerian woman who was among the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in the north-eastern town of Chiboka in 2014 has been found in a village in Borno state, the military says.
A man has died after being found with "potentially toxic chemicals" in his body at a house in south-east London.
Toshiba's US nuclear business Westinghouse has filed for bankruptcy protection, the company has announced.
They were the soulful, soulful soulful funk band who were the first to break the mould of soulful R&B, and the first group to break into the mainstream.
It's not often you see a contestant get sacked from The Apprentice, but that's exactly what happened last year.
Nathan D'Orazio has revealed he was "nervous" before filming the new series of Geordie Shore because he was worried about being bisexual.
A tram network in Birmingham will be "one of the best in the country", the transport authority has said, as it announced plans to reintroduce trams to the city.
Red Bull hope to keep their title hopes alive by finishing second in the Malaysian Grand Prix and keeping Sebastian Vettel out of the title race.
It's been more than a year since the earthquake in Nepal, in the south-east of the country.
Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Ahmed Feruz has been arrested after failing to turn up for court in Glasgow to face a driving ban charge.
A US student who was jailed in North Korea for stealing a propaganda sign has been released from hospital in Cincinnati, Ohio, in a coma, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook made his first century in more than two years as England drew their final warm-up game before the first Test against West Indies in April against St Kitts and Nevis.
Welsh lightweight champion Liam Evans beat England's David Ormond in a unanimous points decision in Cardiff on Saturday night.
A protest against the Welsh language has taken place outside the Welsh government's headquarters in Cardiff.
Former tax chief Mark Thompson has called for a review of the tax rules on footballers and other sports stars, after HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) told MPs that the taxman was investigating £158m in image rights payments to them.
Nottinghamshire seamer Denny Gurney says he is "excited" about the future at Trent Bridge despite the club's relegation from Division One of the County Championship.
The Conservative Party has announced it will not be standing in the general election in Cornwall.
Two women were taken to hospital after they tried to rescue two cats from a house fire in Bournemouth.
A memorial service for rugby league player Adam Jones, who died after collapsing on the pitch during a match, has been held.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a package of financial aid for young people, amid protests against his government's labour market reforms.
European and US politicians have expressed shock and sadness at the killing of British MP Jo Cox, who was shot dead in her constituency on Thursday.
The Welsh government has announced an extra £60m for the rental sector in Wales, with a target of £50m for each of the 10 most deprived areas.
Chelsea were held to a draw by Porto in their Champions League group opener as they suffered a fifth successive defeat for the first time this season.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship at the Bafta TV awards for his contribution to television and film.
Prince Charles urged Tony Blair to consider a cull of badgers in the countryside, according to letters published in the Sunday Times.
A man in his 20s has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry on the M1 in County Armagh.
Norwegian Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russian Sergey Karjakin in the first match of the World Chess Championship, the biggest in the history of the game.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the Lords to campaign for candidates in the general election has said he wants a Labour-Lib Dem coalition to "save the country".
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after a crash involving a Porsche and a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two baby otters have been born in a special enclosure at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Edinburgh, Scotland.
A deal to buy timber from Natural Resources Wales (NRW) in a bid to stop a disease was not lawful and may have breached EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
Alexandra Palace, the former home of the BBC's first television studios, is to be turned into a theatre and cinema, the trust behind the project has announced.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy at the club and is not concerned about the speculation surrounding his future.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being "the most abusive to women in politics" in a row over sexual misconduct allegations.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left frustrated by the decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in their 3-3 draw at Ibrox.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from two Lochs in Argyll after bacteria levels were found to be above the legal limit for harvesting.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones on a one-year deal after he was released by Wigan Athletic.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's five-year Football Association ban for betting on matches has been extended by a year after his appeal against the ban was rejected.
A son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for killing his father in a "momentary aberration" after he admitted manslaughter at the Old Bailey.
A video of a Chinese man setting up a retirement home for retired police dogs has been viewed more than 14 million times on social media, and has been praised by thousands of people.
A mother whose son died after being born at a hospital where a baby died of an infection was told she was unwell for months, a misconduct hearing has heard.
The waters around Wales are "absolutely perfect" for leatherback turtles, according to a marine conservationist.
An American Airlines plane carrying 161 people has crashed at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, forcing the evacuation of all on board, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered his finance minister to set up a team to prepare for a national emergency in the event of a financial crisis.
London Underground is to close 250 ticket offices and move staff to platforms as part of a £50m cost-cutting drive.
A man has been charged with racially aggravated assault after a woman was allegedly punched and kicked in the face outside a supermarket.
Germany's Thomas Jung remains on course for a third Badminton Horse Trials gold medal as he moved into a commanding lead with one day to go to win the event.
Lives lost, families torn apart, people killed, children left behind.
A former Vatican secretary of state has given €200,000 (£150,000; $200,500) to a children's hospital in Rome after it was revealed that he had received €200m (Â£150,500; $250,000) for a new residence in the Vatican
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are the Peanuts gang.
A judge has ruled that the trial of two Ohio high school football players accused of raping a teenage girl will be held in public.
Nigeria is set to vote for a new president on Sunday, with Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan, the two men who have led the All Progressives Congress (APC) party for the past three years, seeking to become the first black president in the country's history
Essex are aiming to become only the second team in the last decade to win the County Championship title after promotion to Division One, says head coach Gary Silverwood.
The process of negotiating Britain's exit from the EU will take time and will require a great deal of patience and political will.
A corn snake has been rescued from a van in Cardiff after being found in the back of a car by the RSPCA.
Newport County's new manager John Sheridan saw his side come from behind to beat Exeter City and move off the bottom of League Two thanks to a late goal from substitute Joe John-Lewis.
Exeter City continued their impressive form with a thumping win over 10-man Crewe Alexandra, who were reduced to 10 men after being reduced to nine men at the end of the game.
Polish film director Jerzy Wajda, who won an Oscar for his film Man of Iron, has died at the age of 88.
The Independent newspaper has said it is investigating claims that malware has been installed on its website to target readers with adverts.
Colombia's Ana Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's long jump with a new personal best of 15.17m to win gold in Rio.
A medieval weir discovered on a tidal waterway in Hampshire has been identified as a 1,000-year-old structure dating back to the Roman era.
"If you want to know what to do in the Middle East, just ask the Americans," is the old saying, "Ask them what they want".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a bomb was found at a house in south London.
A gold pendant found in a Viking burial in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner.
A health trust has been rated "outstanding" by inspectors after it was told to improve its mental health services.
West Brom's Jonny Evans is available to face Arsenal after missing the win at Everton with a hamstring injury.
England ended their long-running losing streak against South Africa with a dominant victory at Twickenham, continuing the perfect start to the autumn internationals under Eddie Jones.
Comedian Jason Manford has asked his fans for help to find a job for his 80-year-old father after he said he could not get a job cleaning floors at Aldi.
A charity has said it is seeing a rise in the number of people from other areas of employment exposed to asbestos, including teachers, doctors, policemen and firemen, who are seeking compensation for their health problems.
Liverpool's mayor has set out his budget for the next financial year, which includes £90m of cuts to services including children's services and libraries.
Liverpool fans are to be asked to vote on whether they support the introduction of safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer in the face at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Tommy Rowe's late goal gave Doncaster a narrow victory over Colchester in League Two.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray both reached their first Australian Open semi-finals in 39 years as they both won their quarter-final matches on Wednesday.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to join forces with a former prime minister to fight the far-right candidate in next month's election, after a financial scandal hit his main rival.
Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji film, which is being made in Hawaii next month.
Britain's Hannah Toulson has won the women's individual Olympic diving gold medal at the European Championships, just two days before the World Championships.
A man who admitted downloading and viewing child pornography has been spared jail.
A former battlefield has been recreated in a Powis castle to mark the centenary of one of the world's bloodiest battles.
An Ohio man who has an arrest warrant for allegedly failing to appear in court has sent police a selfie of himself in an attempt to help track down his whereabouts.
A man who attacked two police officers with a machete in Belgium, injuring one of them, was a 23-year-old Moroccan who had been living in the country since 2012, prosecutors say.
French prosecutors have formally placed UBS under investigation over allegations that the bank helped clients evade tax by opening accounts in France but concealing them in Switzerland.
Renting in London is " unaffordable" for most families, according to a report by the charity Shelter.
The number of vacancies for children's social workers in England has risen by more than 1,800 in the past year, official figures show.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first quarter of the year, as it continues to expand its business.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is to end patent protection for its drugs in some of the world's poorest countries.
The parents of a baby girl who suffered severe health problems after being born prematurely have been awarded £5.3m in damages.
It's the news that we all hoped we'd never see again.
The "northern powerhouse" of England's schools is being undermined by a "northerly powerhouse" that is failing to improve, Ofsted has warned.
A review into election fraud in London has found that postal votes should not be left on the ballot paper, the Electoral Commission has said.
Oscar-nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be part of the Oscars awards season, saying it is "the stupidest thing in the whole world".
A man has admitted killing a man with a single punch in a street attack in Edinburgh city centre after a row at a pub.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's focus has dropped since their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Manchester United and has urged his players to "get the winning feeling back" before the end of the Premier League season.
Great Britain won their first ever men's 4x200m freestyle relay gold at the World Championships as they beat the United States to claim gold in the final in Kazan.
A mechanic who drove a car at 57mph in a 30 mph zone while it was being serviced has been sacked after a dashboard camera recorded his behaviour.
Four people have been killed after a bomb attack on a security compound in the Chinese region of Xinjiang, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and foreign over its role in the 2008 financial crisis.
The stars of the new animated film Minions have been in Los Angeles for the world premiere of the film at the Los Angeles Film Festival.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes Barack Obama is behind protests against him at town hall meetings and leaks from the White House.
Queen's University Belfast has been criticised by staff for not doing enough to improve the way it manages change and leadership.
A man who tried to steal £20,000 from a cash machine in Manchester by posing as a bank manager has been arrested.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being let down by a culture that fails to recognise the mental health problems they are suffering and fails to support them, two charities have said.
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams says Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with Ospreys will help the region.
London is celebrating its Christmas traditions this year, with the opening of shops, Christmas lights, Christmas trees and the traditional Christmas mail delivery.
The Killers' Brandon Flowers has revealed he's released a new album, The Desired Effect, and how he's been "thrown a lot of people's lives under the bus" by his new solo career.
A teenager who died of leukaemia after being diagnosed with the disease at the age of 16 has married his girlfriend in a hospital ceremony.
A leading Australian politician has proposed a four-day working week, in a bid to cut the country's high levels of corporate and public sector work.
British swimmer Jack Burnell has criticised the "outrageous" decision-making process after being disqualified from the Olympic men's 100m backstroke just metres from the finish.
Glamorgan director of cricket Ashley Rudolph says the team have "refocused" ahead of Friday's County Championship game against Leicestershire after their second successive defeat.
Ford has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by strong sales of trucks and SUVs in North America and a strong performance in Europe.
A man accused of murdering a police officer and dismembered his body has told a court he had no intention of harming the officer.
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned following criticism from the club's majority owner Massimo Cellino and GFH Holdings.
A council in Cornwall is considering raising council tax by more than £500,000 to help cover a £580,000 budget shortfall.
Spain's Socialist leader has lost a vote of confidence in parliament, leaving the country in limbo after his bid to form a government has failed.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for their experience of New Zealand after their heavy defeat in the three-Test series in New Zealand.
Two ambulance crew have been uninjured after their vehicle was involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Poland's Football Minister Robert Pohorecki says he will pass on lessons learned from Euro 2012 to his country's hosts for the next tournament, the 2020 European Championship in France.
Alex Salmond has been criticised for unveiling a portrait of himself at the National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh on the day he was absent from Westminster to debate the UK's stance on Syria.
A new report has set out the case for extending the Borders Railway to the Cumbrian border.
Campaigners have welcomed a move by Transport Scotland to look at the possibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
Technology firms are constantly looking at ways to make devices that are more user-friendly and more user friendly for older people.
A steam-packet ship has crashed into the pier at King Edward Island in the Isle of Man after it was hit by "significantly stronger than forecast easterly winds".
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a sequel to his film This is England, set in the 1980s, after the success of the first series.
Former chief secretary to the Treasury Jack Straw has defended his role in a review of the Freedom of Information Act, saying he is "open-minded" about its use.
Ricky Burns' hopes of a world title defence against Terence Crawford suffered a blow after losing a unanimous points decision to Julius Indongo in the WBO world featherweight title fight at the Hydro in Glasgow.
Mohammed is a Syrian refugee who has fled his home country of Algeria and is looking forward to finding peace in the mountains of Northern Ireland.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh in 2014.
A man thought to have been involved in an attempted abduction near an RAF base has been identified as a "disturbance" who was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has failed to launch a missile from its east coast, South Korean officials say, as it continues to step up its weapons tests.
The Scottish government's budget has been criticised by Holyrood's finance committee for introducing "a significant level of complexity" to the process of setting income tax and spending.
Europe has launched a new system that will allow it to send real-time information about the Earth's surface to the ground much faster than before.
Hull FC scored eight tries as they thrashed Catalans Dragons to move top of Super League with their second win of the season.
A consultation on plans to build up to 1.5 million homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester has been delayed.
A new system of body armour for British soldiers is being criticised for being too light and having too little space for extra equipment.
Leicester City have signed Stafford City striker Joe Gordon on loan until the end of the season after he was released by Stoke City.
A group of youths who attacked a group of children dressed as elves have been described as "horrific" by their manager.
A march by ex-soldiers to demand an independent inquiry into the prosecution of those accused of Troubles-era killings has been moved from Londonderry to a different venue.
Former Chelsea and Southampton defender Paul Le Saux says football needs to "face its demons" and give gay players the chance to play in the game.
A Roman town dating back to the early Iron Age has been uncovered by students on a dig in Dorset.
A deaf charity has said it is "desperate" for more help for people looking for work because of a lack of specialist employment advice.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is prepared to sell high-profile players if he cannot keep his current squad together, BBC Sport understands.
The SNP's tax plans could raise up to £1.2bn a year if it wins the Holyrood election, according to a new report.
Japanese camera maker Olympus has admitted to hiding $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in losses and has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering in a scandal that has rocked the electronics giant.
Three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt have been told their retrial will be delayed until next month.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in a "cowardly" attack in east London has been named by police.
Saracens' George Kruis has been included in England's training squad for the first time since being cited for a dangerous tackle in the win over Fiji.
At least 50 people have died and more than 1,000 have been infected with Dengue fever in Burkina Faso, the World Health Organization says.
A project to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby has been given a £9,900 grant.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greek midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis on a two-year deal after he impressed during pre-season.
At least 30 people have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike in eastern Syria that reportedly targeted a house not linked to so-called Islamic State (IS), activists say.
A Londonderry teacher who has been named as the BBC's Unsung Hero for 2016 has been described as a "true inspiration" by her students.
A hospital is recruiting more than 80 nurses to cover a shortage of staff after it was told it had just one nurse left in its entire nursing staff.
A Palestinian man has killed an Israeli soldier and injured another in a car attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have traded insults as they launched their fight for the world's richest fight in August, with the American claiming he will knock the Irishman out in the first round.
David Cameron has changed the rules on what politicians will be obliged to reveal about their tax affairs, and he has changed his own tax affairs in a way that will reverberate for many years to come.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to switch on a church's floodlights, more than two years after they were stolen.
Seven Iranian hackers have been charged with hacking into US government websites and stealing data from financial and water companies.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage winger Liam Roberts on loan from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion until the end of the season.
A Swansea University building is to undergo a £1.5m revamp.
More than half of employers in England and Wales have now enrolled their workers into a pension scheme, official figures show.
A man has admitted starting a fire which destroyed a former Exeter resort and caused £1m worth of damage.
Fleetwood Town have signed Bristol City midfielder Joe Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has said the country is "on the verge of a new era" as she announced the torch relay for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Pakistan has condemned a US drone strike that killed at least 11 people in the north of the country, in what officials say was a US attack on a militant group.
A memorial has been unveiled in Thurso, Scotland, to the man who was the first policeman to carry a police rattle.
Two nurses who falsified patient records and falsified blood glucose levels on a stroke ward have been jailed for more than eight months.
A judge in Brazil has lifted a ban on the building of a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon region of the country.
A colony of little terns is in "real trouble" after a significant drop in numbers, the RSPB has warned.
A baby pine marten has been filmed for the first time in Wales, in what is believed to be the first such birth in the UK since the animals were reintroduced to the country.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for her role as a drugs mule has arrived back in the UK.
A dog has been chosen to help highlight the need for employers to offer workplace pensions to more people, as part of a government campaign to encourage people to sign up.
A man accused of murdering his partner told police he had considered jumping off a cliff after she went missing, a court has heard.
A performance of a Donizetti opera at the Royal Opera House in London was interrupted by a fire alarm, prompting a large crowd to evacuate the theatre.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, a leading trauma expert who was killed while working at a motorbike race in the Republic of Ireland.
He said that a rugby player has to have a bit of manners.
Ofcom has launched an app that lets people check if their wi-fi is working properly and check if it is being disrupted by other devices.
Graeme McDowell missed out on a first European Tour title after a final round of 71 at the Swedish Open in Sweden.
Surgeons are trialling a new technique to 3D print human tissue which could allow them to reconstruct lost body parts.
The Pacific islands of Palau are a collection of more than 20 coral islands, some of the world's smallest and most remote, and are home to a population of about 20,000.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw by AC Milan, who moved level on points with leaders Juventus.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added the writers of The Gap Band's hit Uptown Funk to the list of writers on their official CV, following the Blurred Lines court case.
China's President Xi Jinping has said that "conflict and confrontation" between the US and China would be a "disaster" for both countries and the world at large.
A councillor has accused an MP of hypocrisy after he opened a Coca-Cola shop in Leicester where he sells the company's high-sugar drinks.
A police unit which failed to investigate a father who killed his children after he stabbed them to death was "dysfunctional" and "under-performing", a report has found.
A British man found dead in Myanmar has been named as David Houghton, who was working in the country as a teacher.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian Authority in Gaza since the conflict began on 8 July, the United Nations says.
Great Britain's sporting teams have been given a target to win medals at the London 2012 Olympics and the success of each sport against this target is a major talking point.
A major upgrade to the telephone system for NHS 24 in Northern Ireland will be delayed until 2017 after a series of problems with the project.
A man has died and another is in hospital with serious injuries after a suspected murder in Birmingham.
If you like the idea of a general election campaign, then this is the week to be in it - the campaign is officially under way and you can now start to plan your next move.
A new tariff aimed at helping people who struggle to pay their water bills could save them up to £1,000 a year, Welsh Water has said.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is expected to name Steven Caulker in his first team squad for Saturday's Premier League game at home to Manchester City.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki from Premiership rivals Newcastle Falcons on a short-term deal.
The Archbishop of Dublin, the Most Reverend Justin Martin, has said the Catholic Church in Ireland should apologise to the families of unwed mothers who died at mother-and-baby homes.
A member of the Hatton Garden raid gang who hid £14m of stolen jewellery in a cemetery was caught by police after he was released from prison, a court has heard.
The Sewermen, a group of London's sewerage workers, have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of fat blocking sewers.
Steam, the online gaming service run by Valve, is to change the way it lets developers publish games to the service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a US-based American to 10 years in prison for spying, state media say, the latest in a series of sentences against foreigners accused of spying.
Former celebrity publicist Michael Clifford has denied an allegation that he sexually assaulted a woman in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan mountains of India, after a long-running study revealed that two separate populations of the same bird have been living in the same habitat for several million years.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults in a fiery pre-fight press conference ahead of their super-fight on 26 August.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic champion Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's four-man bobsleigh squad for the World Championships in Austria next month.
Two men who died in a paint-spraying booth explosion were working in a unit bought from an RAF base, an inquest has heard.
A Georgian mansion in the Cotswolds that inspired the novel The French Lieutenant's Woman by John Fowles is to reopen to the public after a £1.5m restoration.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score on his debut for Liverpool as the Reds reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with victory over Leeds at Anfield.
West Ham have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to reveal details of their £2.5m-a-year rent deal for the Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has said he is "shocked and saddened" by the scale of religious persecution around the world.
Schools in England will get more money from the government under plans to overhaul the way they are funded, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
The chancellor had to find somewhere to raise money in his Budget to balance the books, and he didn't want to raise too many eyebrows by focusing on the big, headline-grabbing tax changes he had promised during the election campaign.
When I first started working with Henry Blowers, the first thing that struck me about his commentary box was how much he and his team of colleagues would laugh and joke.
Real Madrid moved back into the top four of Spain's La Liga with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad, despite playing for more than an hour with 10 men.
Pakistan's first law recognising Hindu marriages has been passed in a provincial parliament, in a move that rights activists say will help protect the country's minority Hindus.
Harlequins have signed fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Toulon.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from two villages in Guatemala after a volcano erupted in the north of the country, officials say.
A blood test that can tell you how well you are ageing could be used to assess the health of people from the age of 40, say researchers.
A woman from Gwynedd who was on her phone when she was injured in the Manchester bombing has said her mobile phone "probably saved her life".
Russia has said it was "miscalculated" when its warplanes bombed a building in the Syrian town of al-Bab, killing at least six Turkish soldiers, after Turkish forces were present in the area.
A plan to reorganise the NHS in Merseyside and Cheshire has been branded "unfair" by a senior council official.
Two fishing boats have been rescued after they ran aground in Dartmoor harbour, with the loss of five lives.
A woman has died in a house fire in the Highlands.
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train for more than four hours had to be rescued by guards after jumping off the train and walking across the track.
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a plot to import more than 20 guns and drugs into the UK from France.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man who was accused of being a witch.
Small businesses are the biggest potential targets for cyber-attackers.
The future of the Hoover pension scheme could be in doubt if the retailer BHS is taken over by the Public Pension Fund (PPF).
A man in his 20s has died after being found injured in a street in Dublin city centre.
Two women have died following a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders.
The last time I was in Northern Ireland, the UK and Irish governments were very much united in their commitment to the idea of a "smooth and frictionless" border after Brexit.
Business leaders want certainty about the UK's Brexit negotiations, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
Scientists have created a 3D-printed version of human cartilage that could help doctors treat knee injuries, in a study in mice.
A businessman has bought Cleethorpes Pier after it was put back on the market following a failed attempt to sell it.
"I remember one Monday," says John Haynes, "there was a lot of activity on the Friday night before Christmas, and I went to work on the Monday morning and there was no one there."
League Two side Crawley Town have signed midfielder Sam Bobson on a one-year deal after he was released by Liverpool.
The return of the Durham v Newcastle University Boat Race has been welcomed back to the River Tyne.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships heading to the Mediterranean have entered the English Channel as part of a military exercise.
All images are copyrighted... and all images are subject to copyright.
West Ham have signed Fenerbahce striker Nwankwo Emenike on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal an ATM before stealing cash from the cash machine.
England and Wales will begin their World Championship campaigns on Friday with Group A matches at the World Championship in China.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth for the second time in three years, after a superb final round to claim his first European Tour title.
French prosecutors say they have found human remains at the site of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps, where 150 people died on 15 March.
US pastor Russell Anderson, who has called for the death penalty for homosexuals, has been arrested in Botswana after taking part in a radio show, the government says.
Scarlets will not rush back Liam Williams' contract decision as they prepare to face Zebre on Saturday, despite the Wales full-back being a doubt for Saturday's Pro12 game.
Former Blackburn Rovers and Millwall striker Drax Campbell is playing football for the first time in more than a year at non-league Maidenhead United.
A bill to give Police Scotland new powers to police the railway has been tabled at Holyrood.
The Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has announced that the government will grant extra borrowing powers to Stormont to pay off the debts of the Civil Service.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal after he was released by Championship side Partick Thistle.
Maria Sharapova has been in the news again - this time for a different reason.
A man has been charged with the sexual abuse of two boys at a children's home.
The Welsh Assembly should be given the power to call itself the Welsh Parliament, Labour AMs are to argue.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described David Cameron's final meeting with the prime minister as "emotional".
A £100m creative hub for S4C in Carmarthenshire could be scrapped if the Welsh Government does not approve public funding.
A new breed of honey bee could be better suited to fighting off a deadly disease than a more common breed, according to Paignton Zoo.
A council has been offered a settlement in a legal dispute over plans for a £100m mosque in Dudley, which has attracted the support of the English Defence League (EDL).
French police have arrested three more people in connection with the robbery of Kim Kardashian West, who was held at gunpoint by a gang of masked men in Paris last year.
It is a memory that will never leave you, but it is a moment that will always be with me.
When former England and Leeds Rhinos centre Adam Smith was given the chance to play rugby league at the age of 28, he was a player who was ready to take his career into the professional ranks.
An Australian woman accused of kidnapping her two children in Lebanon has been released on bail after the father of the children said he will not drop abduction charges against her.
A team of Cardiff University researchers have developed a new method to identify cancer cells using computers.
Bristol have signed Leinster and Ireland centre Tom Harris-Wright on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
A lorry driver who failed to brake for a lorry carrying a couple who were killed when his vehicle crashed into a car and a van has been jailed for four years.
The number of new house sales fell by a record level in April, according to a survey of more than 1,000 surveyors.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to tackle corruption and tackle the country's huge debts, in his first major speech since taking office.
Scarlets wing James Davies has apologised for his behaviour during the Scarlets' 24-21 defeat by Toulon in the European Champions Cup on Sunday.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey could have been dumped in a cesspit after being sedated, a court has heard.
Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Work is set to start on a £10m scheme to build more than 300 homes in Flintshire.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69.
Singapore-based Olam International has been accused of buying palm oil from "rogue" producers who are responsible for deforestation and slash-and-burn practices that contribute to haze that affects Southeast Asia.
A Scottish Labour politician has been accused of giving China a propaganda gift by a UK-based campaign group after being caught on camera apparently praising Beijing's economic policies in Lhasa.
A shark has been found dead on a beach in County Antrim.
A new theory has been proposed for the cause of the pause in global warming that has been taking place since the year 2000.
The transfer window closes on Tuesday, with clubs and players alike scrambling to secure the best possible deal before the window closes.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family whose home was destroyed by a landslip after it failed to properly plan for the situation.
Alexis Sanchez scored a goal and missed a penalty as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City to move back into the Premier League title race.
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove pages belonging to convicted child sex offenders from the social media network after the BBC uncovered them.
Aaron Ramsey scored twice as Arsenal secured a fourth-placed Premier League finish and ended Norwich's hopes of a top-flight return with victory at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire have appointed former England all-rounder Paul Barnett as their new elite performance director.
England should consider dropping Keaton Jennings as their Test opener before the Ashes, says South Africa captain Steve Smith.
Regulators are investigating whether more former HBOS executives should be banned from senior positions, following criticism of the Bank of England's handling of the bank's collapse in 2008.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner who got the name of a patient from a hospital computer and contacted her on Facebook while she was in hospital.
The Philippine army says it is in "complete control" of the city of Marawi after a week of fighting between troops and Islamist militants.
The RMT union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment" after it accused the company of using its Twitter account to criticise the union.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot as he was approaching Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman in Cardiff has lost his appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor and James Godleman for the 2017 season after both players impressed in their first season with the club.
Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was murdered after a row over the Brexit vote.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, British expats living in Australia are urging their fellow citizens to cast their ballots.
A club which trains children in Windsor Great Park has been told it cannot use the park for cross country running because it is not safe.
Singer Katy Perry is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium in 2017, making her the first artist to play the stadium five times.
Castleford winger Danny Eden scored four tries as the Super League leaders thrashed Leigh to move level on points with Hull FC at the top of the table.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has risen by more than a third in the last year, according to new figures.
The National Guard was called in to protect the streets of the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, on Thursday night, as protests continued over the killing of a black man by a white police officer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the final day of Belfast Pride, the city's annual celebration of the LGBT community.
A UN tribunal investigating the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened its first hearing in The Hague, with a Lebanese TV presenter accused of damaging the inquiry.
Boris Johnson has been one of the most controversial figures in British politics since he became a Conservative MP in 2001, and has been a vocal Eurosceptic since he was a young man.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been told he will not be released from prison early from prison, his lawyer has said.
In the corner of a busy hospital ward, tucked behind a curtain for our arrival, lies a teenager who's been in hospital for almost a month.
South Sudanese musicians have called on the warring factions in the country to stop fighting and start talking, in a song that has been recorded by a group of musicians from the capital, Juba.
Brazilian director Carlos Babenco, whose 1985 film Kiss of the Spider Woman won the best picture Oscar, has died aged 74, his publicist has said.
Scientists have built a robot that can build itself, and then builds a new generation of robots that are even better.
A charity has been given a collection of Ed Sheeran's clothes by the singer after he donated them to charity shops.
A Tanzanian politician has been criticised on Twitter for saying that homosexuality is not biological and that he will ban gay sex on the streets.
A man has died after being found unconscious in the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Mansfield Town moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places after beating Dagenham & Redbridge, despite having Krystian Pearce sent off.
Six people have been arrested after a football match was disrupted by a mass pitch invasion by Coventry City fans.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by setting fire to her home and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Rotherham.
Newport County striker Ryan Washington says he is still in disbelief after scoring his first two goals for Northern Ireland.
A Grade II-listed medieval hall has reopened to the public after a £1.5m revamp.
A couple from Bristol have won the first ever World Cup in the world for carrying a woman in a cross-country race.
The UN has welcomed the ratification of the landmark global treaty on arms trade, which aims to ban the transfer of weapons across borders.
The Great Manchester Run and athletics' Great CityGames have been given the go-ahead, despite the Manchester bombing.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenager was killed when two motorbikes collided.
Essex spinner Simon Harmer says he will "ride the wave" after taking four five-wicket hauls in two matches for the first time in his career.
An inquiry into the role of education in prison is to be launched by the justice secretary to consider the possibility of prisoners being "earned release" from jail.
The removal of Brazil's former president Dilma Rousseff from office on Friday was the latest in a series of dramatic events in Latin America that have seen the region's governments fall victim to the threat of military rule.
They are students, they are engineers, and they are building a new transport system that will help to reduce emissions.
A jockey who was found drunk at the wheel of his car has been banned from driving for two years after his lawyer claimed he was a sleep walker.
A former nightclub in Swansea could be the new home of the city's civic centre and central library, BBC Wales understands.
A dog found dumped on a road in Kent with its tail docked has been found to have had its claws removed in an "abhorrent act of cruelty", the RSPCA has said.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre on Saturday night.
Sale Sharks have confirmed that Vadim Cobilas will join French side Bordeaux-Begles in the summer.
Dundee United have signed Hibernian's Lee Keatings on a two-year deal ahead of their Premiership play-off semi-final against Greenock Morton.
UK mortgage approvals rose to a seven-month high in July, suggesting that the housing market is "firming up" ahead of an expected rise in interest rates.
The father and stepfather of murdered woman Shazia Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan charged with her murder.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) that can be used by voice.
Police have used mobile phone cameras to catch lorry drivers using their mobile phones while driving.
British number two Kyle Edmund beat American Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Gerry Weber Open in Belgium.
A former Nigerian defence minister has been charged with fraud and money laundering in a case linked to a huge arms scandal.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have gone missing after setting off in a buggy in the early hours of Saturday.
Christian Pulisic scored a late equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga.
Voting has begun in the General Election in Cheshire.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the best of the world's best as he prepares to lead out the Blue Sticks in London on Saturday.
The doctor who advises people on how to avoid taking dangerous ecstasy pills says they may still be out there - and warns they could be made by "dodgy" people.
US economists Gary Hart and Carl Holmstrom have won the Nobel prize for economics for their work on the nature of public sector contracts.
Snow has fallen across much of southern Italy, bringing snow and ice to towns hit by earthquakes, with temperatures falling to -6C (0.8F) in some areas.
The European Commission has announced a £1bn programme to develop new drugs for diseases that are caused by faulty genes, 15 years after the decoding of the human genome.
St Helens have announced plans to build a new stand at their stadium in a bid to increase the capacity of the ground.
Teenage sheep farmers in north Wales are preparing for lambing season.
Police are investigating after two men were injured when a fight broke out at a nightclub in the New Douglas area of Glasgow.
A collection of bottles of whisky recovered from a shipwreck in the 1970s have been sold at auction for £1,000.
A police force has apologised after a "sexually offensive" sandcastle was created by officers at a beach event.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has sparked debate in the Baltic states, with commentators and commentators expressing a mixture of emotions about the vote and the implications for the remaining EU countries.
Talks to sell Silverstone Circuit have been put on hold following the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Two pilots who took part in the Battle of the Rhine during World War Two have been honoured at a Gloucester museum.
Rio Tinto has raised its offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale to more than A$3bn (Â£2.5bn) after the company's shareholders agreed to accept the offer.
A leading opposition politician in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called for a boycott of a referendum on constitutional changes in the country's presidential election.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being involved in a crash with a truck has been named by police.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer who became a Sunderland FC mascot has lost his fight against the disease, his family has said.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car electronics firm Harman & Kardon for $2.3bn (£1.9bn) in cash to help it develop connected car technology.
The EFL Cup third round draw has been made, with the top four sides and Scottish League Cup quarter-finalists all set to play in the last 16.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from non-league side AFC Fylde for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to redevelop a former seaside entertainment complex in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government.
A man accused of killing an Indian man and wounding two others in a shooting in Kansas has admitted to police that he shot them because he was angry they were from Iran, according to a court document.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in Blackpool.
Tom Marshall scored two tries as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and move into the Premiership's top six.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of four people who left fake reviews on its social network Google+ in a Dutch court case brought by a children's nursery.
Non-league Westfields will host League Two Curzon Ashton in the FA Cup second round after being drawn away to Oxford United.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order that gives religious groups greater freedom to practice their faith without facing tax consequences.
A mother and daughter who filmed a far-right leader shouting racist abuse at a rally have said they are "too strongly" scared to be intimidated by people with "small-minded" views.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after a fight at a holiday park in Dorset left his mother's partner dead.
Former England defender Chris Ridgewell helped Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew to win the MLS Cup for the first time in their history.
The mother and father of three Hillsborough victims have been made MBEs in the New Year Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said it is "greatly interested" in the idea of co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics with North Korea.
Footage has emerged of a gunman opening fire on Turkish journalist Arda Dundar and his wife in a Turkish newspaper's offices, hours after he was arrested on suspicion of spying.
Carmarthenshire council has said it is still looking at ways to make the city's Guildhall "self sufficient" after buying it.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the Burmese opposition leader who was freed from house arrest last year, has been named as the honorary patron of Brighton Festival.
The Duke of Cambridge is leaving the RAF to take up a new job as a medical officer at the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in London.
The US Senate has voted against a UN treaty on the rights of disabled people, despite a campaign by disabled politicians and former politicians.
UKIP's deputy leader has questioned the "legality" of the High Court ruling that Parliament should be given a vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU, saying it could "further frustrate" Brexit.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a bid to break the world record for the largest ever Read Aloud event.
Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race in more than a year to move into second place in the world championship standings and end the season on a high with victory in the Japanese Grand Prix.
JK Rowling has defended herself after being targeted by trolls on Twitter for her political views, saying she has been "befuddled" by some of the abuse.
A coroner's report into the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has concluded that he died of shock, not torture, the Tehran prosecutor's office says.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status for its role as a "first line of defence" against German air raids during the conflict.
A man has appeared in court charged with two counts of attempted murder after two men were shot in separate incidents.
Scotland's criminal courts are meeting the waiting time targets for criminal trials, despite the closure of 17 courts, according to a new report.
A new police horse has been named after a Scottish island after being chosen by the public.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket.
The nominations for this year's MTV European Music Awards have been announced ahead of Sunday's show in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling on the first day of school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, as pro-Russian separatists opened fire on a playground.
The trial of an Irish teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until next month.
A group of farmers and businesses who have taken part in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet with the Economy Minister Arlene Foster to discuss the future of the scheme.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that the vote to leave the EU could lead to a drop in the number of EU students studying in Northern Ireland.
Hull City have completed the club's second record signing of the summer by bringing in striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for £10m and bringing in Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events to mark the city's history.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia, bringing the number of the animals there to more than 250.
England coach Steve McNamara says he will consider his future after his side's series win over New Zealand, but is in no rush to decide on a new contract.
A man who was convicted of raping and murdering a woman in Melbourne has been found guilty of five more rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be joined by the Duke and Duke of Cambridge at a memorial service for Princess Diana, the Kensington Palace has said.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japanese firm Softbank is a "disaster" for the UK economy, the former chairman of the UK government's technology advisory body Lord Myners has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named BBC Radio 1's Sound of 2017, which highlights the best new artists for the coming 12 months.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty for allegedly failing to properly care for a peacock and guinea hens.
Hibernian Ladies have progressed to the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup after a 2-0 win over Stirling Albion.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei gwagio gyda chymorth ei partneriaid o "becyn amheus" o pecyn amheu'r Quadrant yn Abertawe yng Ngh
A holiday firm that provided flights to Turkey for more than 1,000 Britons has closed after its owner said it was "impossible" to continue.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, the cruise ship that capsized in January 2013 killing 32 people, is due to begin an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "trying to find a compromise" with opponents of independence to take another referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU single market after Brexit.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle a banned stimulant drug into Saudi Arabia, the National News Agency (NNA) reports.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, known as "El Chapo" or "Shorty" for short, has been extradited to the United States to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Chelsea and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association with failing to control their players following the mass brawl in the Premier League game between the sides on Saturday.
Scientists have found a new dinosaur in the fossil record in Argentina, in South America.
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied sexually abusing a girl under 16.
The new operator of the South Western rail service has failed to guarantee there will be a second member of staff on board its trains, a union has said.
Scientists believe that dinosaurs from South America and Australia were able to cross the Atlantic Ocean to cross to the rest of the world 100 million years ago.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire, with the pilot being praised for his "great piloting skills".
One of the world's biggest banks has said he will move thousands of jobs out of London after Brexit - but warned that the EU could dictate how many more jobs are moved after the UK leaves.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir have arrested at least 20 people after rioting broke out in the city of Srinagar following the desecration of a temple.
A legal challenge to the election of former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael has been adjourned until the end of the year.
A Braille poem written in the form of paving stones has been branded "gobbledygook" by a teacher who said it was "just gobbledygooks".
Lewis Hamilton says he needs to improve his consistency if he is to win his fourth world title.
If you're looking forward to playing Grand Theft Auto V on your PC then you might want to put your January release date on hold.
League One side Rotherham United have signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and defender Harry Maguire on free transfers from Burnley and Rotherfield respectively.
The Department of Health has confirmed it has stopped staff in England from recommending gay conversion therapy.
A US cybersecurity expert has been tricked into handing over heroin to police by a hacker who tried to trick the authorities into thinking he was a drug dealer.
A health trust has been told it must make "dramatic improvements" at two of its hospitals after inspectors found a culture of bullying and low morale.
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped to drive a record rise in UK food and drink exports, according to the Federation of Food and Drink Exporters (FDF).
Olympic rowing champion Katherine Grainger says she would go to get her black belt in karate if her house was on fire - and that her teacher, the man who helped her become a black belt, was the one who inspired her to take up the sport.
More than 30 pilot whales have died after becoming stranded on a beach in the southern Indian city of Tuticorin, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his former partner told police he was trying to stop her from stabbing him during a struggle when she stabbed him, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Jordan Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal after he was released by Championship side Loftus Road.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has been in the headlines again this week, with the latest revelations about the use of a scheme which has been criticised for being "unfair" and "unnecessarily expensive".
Tyrrell Hatton was delighted with his record-breaking second-place finish at the Scottish Open, but also delighted with the positives that came with it.
England's second Test win over Pakistan was the best Test match in the history of the game, says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
Kilmarnock have re-signed Jamie Hamill after he left Hearts at the end of last season.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win the overall World Cup downhill title in four years after winning the downhill race in Cortina, Italy.
The UK government is "officially" backing Turkey's bid to join the EU and should not be offering visa-free travel and a border-free zone to Turks, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.
All week you have been using Your Questions to tell us what you have always wondered about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has said it has identified about 1,000 cars in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain and Portugal with the same software that was used in the emissions scandal.
Voting has begun in Nigeria's state elections, which are being held in the country's most populous state, Lagos.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been banned from the touchline for two matches by Uefa after being found guilty of violent conduct.
Northern Ireland's hospitals are under intense pressure, with a growing number of patients needing to be treated within four hours of arriving at the emergency department.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are among the three nominees for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award.
The Church in Wales has appointed its first female bishop, but the appointment of Joanna Penberthy is not the end of the road for women in the church, as two of its first women priests say it is only the start of a long road to equality.
A group of injured former paramilitaries who were injured during the Troubles are calling for a special pension scheme for them to be scrapped.
A white supremacist who shot dead two people and wounded three others outside Jewish community centres has been sentenced to death for the murders.
Norwich City have signed Wigan Athletic defender Danny Wildschut and Ajax midfielder Marvin Dijks on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke of Cambridge has finished his final shift at RAF Valley in Anglesey, the BBC understands.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South reached the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals with a 1-0 win over Alloa Athletic.
A police watchdog has said officers acted in a "proportionate and reasonable way" after a man died after being restrained by members of the public and then being Tasered by officers.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a Greek businessman and his wife and their housekeeper in Washington DC, a week after the bodies were found in the family home.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the release of Disney's Beauty and the Beast, but have delayed its screening in the country.
A body has been found on a beach in Swansea after a search for a man who went missing from a beach on the south Wales coast.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has accused two media organisations of "trivialising" allegations of abuse at an immigration detention centre on Nauru.
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
For many travellers, the hotel experience is a nightmare.
Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas and Pedro have been included in Spain's first squad under new coach Julen Lopetegui, who has dropped Iker Casillas from the squad for World Cup qualifiers.
Indian author Ananta Mukherjee is among six authors shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction, which is awarded to the best novel in English.
The Tomatina Festival is one of the oldest in the world, celebrating the love of tomatoes.
A mako shark has been caught off the coast of Pembrokeshire by a team of anglers.
A gorilla has been captured on camera dancing in the dark - and it's been shared more than one million times on social media.
I've been to many sporting events and I've been in many hotels during my career, but never in one of them did I feel unsafe.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" of rising demand and a lack of staff, according to a union.
A song written by a former England football player and recorded during the Falklands War has been released as a tribute to the 1966 World Cup team.
A hacker has hijacked more than 1,000 printers to warn owners of a security breach.
A teenager has been charged after a man was stabbed in the chest in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield eased to victory at Wrexham to move into the National League play-off places.
Nick Clegg has accused Labour and the Conservatives of trying to "put the genie back in the bottle" by blocking TV election debates, saying it is "too late" for them to change the format.
The demolition of the "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has now been completed, but thousands of children have still not been moved out of the camp.
Egypt's new President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has said defeating terrorism and achieving security is the top priority in his first 100 days in office.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw as his side came from behind to draw at 10-man Barnsley.
The Open University is to use data analytics to help identify students who are struggling with their courses and offer more support.
Birmingham City Women beat Birmingham City Ladies to secure their first win in four games and move into the Women's Super League One play-off places.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has risen by more than a third in the first six months of the year, according to the country's top immigration enforcement agency.
Chris Gayle has been suspended by the Big Bash League (BBL) after he made "disrespectful and inappropriate" comments during an interview on a television show.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's international airport after trying to smuggle cocaine worth millions of euros into Italy in a pair of trainers.
Nato's military in Afghanistan has signed an agreement to withdraw special forces from the eastern province of Wardak, the US military says.
Universities in Wales must "recapture a civic mission" after the UK's vote to leave the EU, the education secretary has told them.
India is the world's largest dairy producer, and its milk is used in many of the world' most popular brands of food.
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled after a fall in ticket sales.
Britain's Sir Ben Ainslie led Oracle Team USA to a dramatic America's Cup victory over New Zealand in a dramatic final in San Francisco.
Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City "the best team in the UK" and will be a major factor in Swansea City's win over the Swans on Saturday, says midfielder Angel Rangel.
England's Laura Massaro and Nick Matthew will meet in the British Open final after both won their semi-finals on Saturday, while England's Nicola Perry will face Australia's Kirsty Perry in Sunday's final.
Nine former workers at the Ilex regeneration company are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive over their jobs.
The Ayr Royal Infirmary has reopened to visitors after a norovirus outbreak.
A charity is appealing for the families of children pictured in a series of "sobering" images of children living in "terrifying" conditions to come forward to help mark 50 years of fighting homelessness and homelessness.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager who died after a car crashed into a wall.
A third ferry has been brought in to replace one that crashed into a quayside last month, bringing the total number of vessels involved in the accident to four.
A hotel chef has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a cat which had attacked and bit staff at a hotel in Conwy county.
A strike by ferry workers in Calais has caused major disruption to cross-Channel traffic, with thousands of lorries stuck in traffic and Eurostar services suspended.
Team Sky continued to use intravenous injections of banned substances despite a ban on the practice in cycling, the Press Association has claimed.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home after it was found safe and well.
David Beckham's Cockney accent has changed dramatically since his move to the US, according to University of Manchester researchers.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that Stade Francais and Racing 92 are set to merge.
A campaign to create emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England has been successful.
(Close): London's leading shares rose in early trade on Thursday after Scotland's vote against independence was rejected by the Scottish Parliament.
Bullying is on the increase and racism and discrimination against young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people is "on the increase", according to a report by MSPs.
A community on the Isle of Benbecula has been targeted by a scam email that uses Gaelic to trick people into thinking they have received a fake inheritance.
Rochdale have re-signed former captain Paul McShane on a one-year deal after he was released by Carlisle United.
A woman has died after a three-vehicle crash in the Highlands.
Coventry City Rugby Club has asked the city council to help it find a new home for the club, the council has said.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county will target a new fast bowler for the 2017 season.
Leicester hooker Danny Youngs says he will not give up on his England comeback despite missing the summer tour after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their first defeat in Australia since 2003 as the Wallabies scored a late try to win a dramatic third Test in Sydney.
The home secretary has said it is "too early to say" whether the government will stick with its pledge to reduce net migration to the tens of thousands.
Rangers moved back to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Aberdeen, despite having two players sent off in the final 10 minutes.
David Cameron has said Wales should be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all nations, following the Scottish referendum result.
A blood test which could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease could be available in the next 10 years, researchers have said.
A giant floating town called "Little Tokyo" has been built in the waters off the coast of Japan, and it's got a lot to offer visitors.
Reading have released Hal Robson-Kanu and Rio Ferdinand and re-signed striker Jamie Cox on loan from Reading until the end of the season.
Skegness's famous Jolly Fisherman could be replaced by a new fish to help the seaside resort rebrand itself, a campaign group has said.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has been granted Russian citizenship, the Kremlin has confirmed, after the actor filed an application for a passport in Moscow.
England's Scott Waites will face world number two Marco Noppert in the semi-finals of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in Sheffield on Saturday.
Swansea City have not spoken to Paul Clement or Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job, BBC Wales understands.
Former Dundee manager Grant McCann has been appointed as interim manager of the club on a full-time basis.
Two Victorian swimming pools and a Grade II-listed mansion are among the world's most endangered landmarks, according to a list of the most endangered buildings.
A chronology of key events:..
An SNP MSP has been accused of "complete contempt" for his job as a football referee after he missed a key Holyrood meeting to attend a Champions League match in Portugal.
A giant spadix, which has been in a greenhouse for 12 years, has bloomed for the first time in Scotland.
More than 900 children aged under 12 have been referred to a specialist NHS service for transgender issues in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivians have rejected a proposal by President Evo Morales to allow him to run for a third term in office, according to provisional results from a referendum.
Championship side Sheffield United have signed Fulham midfielder Richard Stearman on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Tour de France was halted for more than an hour after a train hit a barrier as the leaders crossed a railway line at the end of the race in Switzerland.
A US football game in Seattle, Washington, on Sunday registered a series of small earthquakes, according to a seismic monitoring station.
When Adidas, Gazprom, Coca-Cola, Kia and Visa signed their World Cup sponsorship deals with Fifa in 2010, they were not thinking about the fallout that would follow.
England say Wales have scrummaged illegally during their Six Nations campaign and are "quite upset" by the way they are being treated at the set-piece.
A man has admitted punching a newly-wed at a wedding reception after a row over a fireplace at a hotel.
British rider Cal Crutchlow won his first MotoGP race of the season in the United States on Sunday.
Afghan forces have freed more than 30 Taliban prisoners after a raid by Nato forces, the alliance says.
The largest of the world's largest democracies, Indonesia is made up of more than 250 islands, ranging from the archipelago of Java to the arch-conservative archipelagic archipelagos of Sumatra, Borneo and Java.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales for the third quarter, as the supermarket continues to struggle with the impact of the discounting competition from Aldi and Lidl.
A new genetic test for inherited heart conditions could be rolled out on the NHS in the UK, the British Heart Foundation has said.
Hampshire and Middlesex both won their T20 Blast matches on the final day of the day as they both moved to within a point of the top two in their South Group.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
A campaign group in Sri Lanka has released two photographs of a five-year-old Tamil Tiger rebel who was killed in 2009, saying they show he was shot dead by soldiers in the final days of the war.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League last 16 as they came from two goals down to win a thrilling game at the Allianz Arena.
A man who killed two women in separate incidents has been jailed for life for the murders of both women after a five-year campaign by their families.
It is the most famous film of the rugby union world.
A hospital trust has been given a "good" rating by inspectors after a three-year review of its services.
Bombay House, the iconic landmark in the heart of the Indian capital, Delhi, is one of the world's most famous buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked manager Davide Sanchez after a poor season in La Liga.
A US college has returned a professorship to comedian Bill Cosby, who is facing a string of sexual assault allegations, after a review of its donation to the institution found it had been misused.
Former champion Caroline Wozniacki will play world number one Sloane Stephens in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday after beating American Sloanes Stephens in straight sets.
A woman who was killed when a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire has been named by police.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Cwmbran which left "terrified" residents fearing for their safety.
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas for a third time on the same horse in the same race.
India's government has proposed a bill that would ban the creation and distribution of "unauthorised" maps and other geospatial information, including satellite imagery, in the country.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut for the first time in seven years as Lee Westwood carded a six-under-par 66 to take a share of the lead at the Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery has secured funding from three of the UK's lottery funds to help it buy a rare painting of an African slave who was once a slave in America.
The public hearings into the death of Lord Janner will not be held until next year, a lawyer for the inquiry into the former MP has said.
Voting has begun in local elections across England, including the South Shields by-election and the re-election of the Labour MP for the seat.
Israel has dismantled all security infrastructure at a key holy site in Jerusalem, ending a 12-day stand-off with Palestinians over new metal detectors at the site.
A seven-year-old Indian girl who went missing after a social media campaign to find her has been found safe and well, police say.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park have launched a new search for clues.
The government is to decide whether to introduce a "smart" hard shoulder on the M4 in London.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been found to have low levels of radon gas, which can increase the risk of lung cancer, following a survey.
Aberdeen City Council has announced a £1.5m budget cut for the town, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley shared a century stand of almost 300 for the second wicket to put Essex in a strong position on day one against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their dog units in a bid to save money as part of cost-cutting measures.
A man who crashed his car into a van, killing two people, was travelling the wrong way on three motorways with no help from police, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will face Celtic in the second qualifying round of the Champions League after holding San Marino's La Fiorita to a goalless draw in Belfast.
Plans to create up to 20 new marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been scrapped by the minister for natural resources.
League Two side Londonderry City have released Paddy Jackson after the Northern Ireland international left Hatters at the end of the season.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of throwing acid in the face of a Sun journalist has been found on a jacket worn by one of the men accused in a murder trial, a court has heard.
A Celtic festival is getting under way in the Western Isles with a line-up of more than 100 acts.
The number of young women entering convents in the UK has reached its highest level for 25 years, the Catholic Church has said.
Wolves striker Adam Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury and could miss the rest of the season.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed, her family says, after she was accused of being a British spy.
Bradford City reached the FA Cup second round for the first time since 2012 with a comfortable win over non-league Chesham United.
A man who was jailed for life for murdering a woman in 1973 has been cleared of her murder after a pathologist claimed he uncovered evidence that could have cleared him.
A police officer who Tasered a man who killed a woman in a hostel has told an inquest he "didn't seem human" when she entered his room.
Venezuelan opposition leader Luis Almagro has hit back at President Nicolas Maduro after the OAS, the regional body for Latin America, accused him of being a traitor to his country.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently, despite concerns from residents who said they feared it would be lost to the local community.
If you are an ardent Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged with drug offences after a 15-year-old girl died after taking a "legal high" in a park.
A five-year-old New Zealand boy has won a NZ$1m ($1.1m; £700,000) bonus bond prize, the bank that runs the scheme has confirmed.
Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal after he impressed on trial.
Commodities trader Noble has said it expects to make a profit of $1.5bn (£1.1bn) in the first quarter of the year, helped by a rise in oil prices and a fall in coal prices.
South African police have replaced a detective investigating the murder case of Oscar Pistorius after he was accused of opening fire on a minibus taxi, the police chief has said.
Kirsty Williams has been the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats since 2007 - and is hoping to extend her time in charge of the party in the assembly.
Nato countries should "shame" each other into increasing their defence spending, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling and have warned 29 others to change their behaviour, a court in Tehran has said.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos won a sprint finish to take the leader's yellow jersey.
A woman who was found dead at a house after being arrested for assault has been referred to the police watchdog.
A US pit bull rescue centre is to fly the dog in to the UK to save her from being destroyed after its owner launched an appeal against a destruction order.
Actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong Film Festival, the city's biggest film awards ceremony.
Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to compete for Great Britain at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a dog owner who was fatally injured by his pet.
A man has said he was "humiliated" after being removed from a train at Paddington station twice for carrying wires in his bag.
Portugal has approved a law that will allow descendants of Jews who were forced to leave the country more than 500 years ago to become citizens.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis workshop with Olympic champion and tennis coach Dame Judy Murray.
AFC Wimbledon's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by Portsmouth.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years, according to new figures.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup as the Super League leaders prepare to face Super League's bottom side in the last eight.
Household incomes in Northern Ireland have risen by £1.5 a week since the start of 2016, according to a supermarket.
Lewis Hamilton took his tally of career points to 69 with a dominant victory in the Italian Grand Prix to move level on points with Ferrari at the top of the Formula 1 world championship.
Paralympic champion runner David Whitehead has been the subject of a new photographic exhibition which shows the "struggle" and "struggling" behind his achievements.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to make Prime Minister's Questions "more adult" as they clashed in their first appearance at the despatch box together.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, where heavy rains have caused flooding and killed at least 10 people, reports say.
US billionaire Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government after it approved a wind farm project off the coast of Aberdeen.
A coach drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy could be improved to reduce the number of people being killed by coaches, according to a report.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to restore payments to customers who have had their accounts frozen after a computer glitch affected their accounts.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of being a contact person of the Berlin lorry attacker has been released without charge.
Russell Slade says leading Cardiff City to a Premier League play-off final would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career.
Two arts directors on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant after the organisation they were part of was forced to cut its board.
A $1.9bn (Â£1.1bn; $2.2bn) European trust fund to help African countries deal with the migrant crisis has been agreed at a summit in Valletta, Malta.
The UK's energy mix will need to change dramatically over the next 20 years if the government is to meet its climate change targets, a report says.
The government is to publish details of the private work doctors do outside the NHS in England, in a bid to tackle the issue of consultants earning in excess of £500,000 a year.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed near Leicester railway station.
Bath scored six tries in the second half to beat London Irish and end Sam Burgess' hopes of a first Premiership game for the club since his return from rugby league.
A contract signed by the Beatles' manager, Brian Epstein, and the band's first album, Sgt. Pepper, has sold for £250,000 at auction in London.
Residents of Tel Aviv have been returning to their homes after the recent rocket attacks on the city, which have left them feeling nervous and anxious.
A Canadian boy has been left "crying in the back seat" of a car after his family was asked to drive two hours to get on a flight they had already booked, because Air Canada could not find a seat for him.
Northern Ireland's 15-year-olds are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in the UK, but they are also more anxious about exams and bullying, a study suggests.
The UK's airspace is being stretched to the limit as the number of flights into and out of UK airports reaches record levels, air traffic controllers have warned.
Reddit has killed its "warrant canary", a tool that lets websites tell visitors when they have received secret surveillance requests.
A contest to find the world's best selfie has been held in India to highlight the country's gender inequality.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting items from shops in the aftermath of the deadly Westgate shopping centre attack, local media report.
Work to clear up debris from beaches hit by flooding in Norfolk and Suffolk in December has begun.
A third person has died at a Carmarthenshire nursing home after an outbreak of flu-like symptoms, health officials have said.
Actor Sir Anthony Blessed has revealed he helped deliver a baby in a park in the 1960s, saying he was "brought up with babies and helping with babies".
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out "sickening" operations has denied he deliberately injured patients by telling them they were on the "road to developing breast cancer".
A team of scientists from the Arctic Mission have been travelling to the Arctic Circle to raise awareness of the impact of climate change.
Google's profits for the first three months of the year rose 11% to $5.3bn (£3.6bn), helped by a rise in advertising revenue, its first quarterly profit in three years.
Senga won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Aintree as Tivoli's Shutter Speed finished second in a thrilling finish.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham and secure their first win in the National League since September.
China has vowed to "fully implement" a UN tribunal's decision that it does not have any rights to parts of the South China Sea that it claims, after the Philippines won a landmark case against it.
A Glasgow University student is using 3D technology to help doctors diagnose and treat patients with facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by businessman Nigel Travis, with the club's stadium and stadium still owned by the Italian owner.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to call an early election in 2017, saying she wants the chance to "get on with the job" of getting the country back on track.
Two councils have said they will resume normal services from Monday after their offices were destroyed in fires.
The amount of money spent on private ambulances in England has risen by £46m a year since 2011, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool eased to victory over Burton to move up to second in the Championship table with a comfortable victory over the Burton Albion side.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's World Twenty20 after suffering a shoulder injury.
New Ipswich Town defender James Taylor says he was surprised to be asked to clean his boots on his first day at Portman Road.
Police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with a rape in which a teenage girl was sexually assaulted.
Gateshead have signed Newcastle United defender Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed reports that the CIA has concluded that Russia tried to influence the election in his favour as "ridiculous".
Portuguese shares and government bond yields have fallen as investors feared a left-wing coalition government could be toppled in a parliamentary vote on Tuesday.
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Four men have admitted carrying out a raid on a Fife flat in which they threatened to shoot two men with a gun and stole a mobile phone.
Colchester United have signed defender Andy Reid on a one-year deal after he was released by Coventry City.
"If you're not John Toshack, you're a dead man walking."
Poorer young people are more likely to be caught up in the juvenile justice system and more likely than their better-off counterparts to be involved in violent crime, according to a new study.
A man who stalked and murdered his ex-girlfriend for a year has been found guilty of her murder.
Jason Maher is a knight in training..
A UK seeds company has been named in a French outbreak of E. coli linked to a vegetable sprouted seed which has led to the sale of three types of seeds being halted in the country.
A health group has said it will not re-tendering for a hospital's fertility services because it would be "unusual and unwelcome" to advise bidders.
A section of the M6 motorway in the West Midlands that was closed after a crash in which a man died has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours.
The partner of footballer Adam Johnson has told his trial of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl that he had "quite a few" other women he had cheated on her with, his trial has heard.
Britain's social mobility problem is "going backwards not forwards", the chairman of a government commission on social mobility has warned, as he laid out his case for more housebuilding and more education.
Israel's prime minister has said he will take action against Iran after it launched a ballistic missile, in violation of a UN resolution.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing" passengers by promising to live-stream engineering work on the East Coast Main Line.
Welsh boxer Andrew Selby will fight in Cardiff on Saturday, 10 March, for the vacant IBF world lightweight title against fellow Welshman Andrew Norman.
It was a night that Glasgow Warriors will never forget, and one that will haunt them for the rest of the Champions Cup campaign.
Match reports for the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Chesterfield.
A new conference is being held in Snowdonia this weekend to discuss the importance of place names, and how they can help us understand our history and the environment.
It's the general election, the big day, the biggest day of the campaign, the most important since the last one.
Great Britain won four rowing gold medals on day four of the Rio Paralympics as the hosts claimed seven medals in all on the final day of the Games.
A judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of child sex abuse allegations, amid criticism of its handling of cases.
Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara and American author Tyler Tyler are the joint favourites to win the £50,000 Man Booker Prize for Fiction on Thursday, with the winner to be announced at a ceremony in London later.
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has criticised a cathedral's decision to read a Koran verse that criticises Jesus as a prophet.
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions in his prison cell, according to a leaked document leaked to a Norwegian newspaper.
American Phil Mickelson carded a nine-under-par 64 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon after a rain-hit second round that saw heavy rain and wind batter the course.
The leak of a draft of Labour's manifesto is an unprecedented move by the party, sources close to Jeremy Corbyn have told the BBC.
A drug that could be a "tantalising" new treatment for Alzheimer's disease has shown it can clear the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain, according to new research.
Justice Minister Peter McCann has called on Attorney General John Larkin to resign.
A former reality TV star has admitted attacking a woman who criticised his book after she read it on a website and left a negative review.
Atletico Madrid won the Spanish league title for the first time in their history after a dramatic draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
A port in the Highlands is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm project.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a Scottish woman who was found dead in Lapland.
A Swansea man who helped develop radar technology has been honoured for his contribution to the development of the technology.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been taking pictures of his garden and his garden for the past 10 years.
The Woodland Trust is a charity that works to protect the UK's oldest trees.
The Taliban have released most of the Afghan police officers who were held hostage by the group for more than a week after a siege at a base in the north of the country.
The National Library of Wales is celebrating its 30th anniversary with a series of events celebrating the history and culture of Welsh music.
The number of patients being transferred from critical care units in Wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years, according to a report by the Welsh government.
Former Swansea City boss Bruce Arena will take charge of the Los Angeles Galaxy when the Major League Soccer club launch in 2018.
Thirty-six Yazidi survivors of the Islamic State (IS) group have been rescued from the group's captivity, the UN says.
Police in Spain have detained three German women after a flashmob in a town in Catalonia turned into a mass panic when people dressed as paparazzi tried to grab people's selfie sticks.
What are the top 10 teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has struck Nepal, a country in south-west Asia.
The chief executive of a health watchdog suspended in February 2016 claimed he was "gagged" by the Welsh Government, BBC Wales has learned.
The Knights of Malta, the world's oldest and most powerful military order, have been celebrating their 900th anniversary with a special Mass at the Vatican.
Liz Carr, the actress who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died aged 91, her family has announced.
A US man has been sentenced to five years in prison for sharing personal data about US military personnel with the Islamic State (IS) group.
We've asked BBC Sport readers to predict the top three before every race this season and, after the British Grand Prix, we've been looking at how well they did.
The National Crime Agency's new director-general, Sarah Owens, has been accused of "moral cowardice" by the police commissioner who first raised concerns about her record on child protection.
A "potentially harmful" substance has been found in a patient's bowel in Carlisle.
Tennis star Andy Murray is among the Scottish stars to be recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales wing George North says he is hoping to add to his tally of tries after scoring a hat-trick in the win over Ireland.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been released after more than two months in captivity, the French government says.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne ferry workers are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" when they face Sri Lanka in their World Twenty20 Group A match on Saturday.
More than 100 people have been killed in Indonesia's Aceh province in floods and landslides that hit the area on Monday, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerians suspected of planning to carry out an attack on the country, including one who was trained in Syria by so-called Islamic State (IS), prosecutors say.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for betting on a match.
A man who advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis" on social media before a car crash which killed two teenagers has admitted dangerous driving.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested after being arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a fan who claimed he was falsely accused of threatening him with a gun.
"A political solution to the war in Syria, and a humanitarian pause to allow access to the people in need."
A hotel which was bought by a hotel chain in 2014 has been put up for sale for £1.
Andre Ward says he will make a statement in Saturday's rematch with Sergey Kovalev when they fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk leading to a system where defendants are told which law firm will represent them, a former judge has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's entourage has died in a hospital in Germany, aged 100, after a long illness, a year after the Nuremberg trials.
Ospreys moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Ulster at the Liberty Stadium.
A company has been served with a health and safety notice after a fire at a mine in the North Sea that left 11 people missing.
A woman who was sexually abused as a child by a man she has described as a "monster" has told a court she did not report him to police for more than 30 years because she felt "dirty and ashamed".
Essex and Glamorgan will attempt to secure their places in the T20 Blast quarter-finals for the second year running when they meet at Chelmsford on Saturday.
Three senior Brexit ministers are on a tour of Asia as the UK seeks to secure trade deals with other countries after it leaves the European Union.
A man has been named by police investigating an incident involving a football match which was abandoned after reports a player was stabbed.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire.
The fields around Pisky were empty, the sky was clear and the air was crisp, and there was a sense of calm.
Cardiff Devils coach Scott Kelman has defended his side's decision to play the night before Sunday's Challenge Cup final against Sheffield Steelers, saying the Steelers have been "silly" for trying to create a "media circus".
Singer Phil Collins has postponed two concerts in London after he fell and injured his eye at a gig in the city on Wednesday.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a mother was stabbed in the neck and face while trying to protect her two-year-old daughter.
Snooker's world tour players have voted to keep the World Shoot Out as a ranking event after the controversial decision to award a £32,000 prize money to the winner of the 2016 event.
Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin and London 2012 champion Charlotte Brash will be among the stars of the BBC's coverage of the Olympia Horse Trials in London this week.
Shutter Speed won the Musidora Stakes on a rain-hit track for Frankie Dettori as favourite Tasleet took the York Stakes at York.
The disappearance of 43 students from the university in the Mexican city of Ayotzinapa in 2014 has been one of the most high-profile cases of enforced disappearance in the country's recent drug war.
The National Theatre is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in its backstage staff, artistic director Tony Norris has said.
Northern Ireland's Michael Dunlop set a new lap record in Thursday night's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he set the fastest speed of the week in the Superstocks class.
The green hills of the Yorkshire Dales are dotted with small villages and hamlets, dotted with sheep paddocks and the occasional farmhouse.
A Belfast food chain has gone into administration with the loss of 70 jobs, the firm has said.
A gang of drug dealers who "convinced themselves that they were untouchable" have been jailed after a £5m drugs haul was seized in a major operation in south Wales.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was killed in a crash in Nottingham.
Junior doctors in England have voted to reject a new contract which the government has said will be imposed on them.
A kennel used by police to house dangerous dogs is being investigated over allegations of animal welfare failings, the BBC has learned.
Volkswagen has said production at seven of its German plants will be halted for the second time this week after two suppliers failed to resume deliveries.
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats would offer free bus passes for young people in England to help them get to university and training, as part of a raft of measures in their election manifesto.
Dwayne Bravo hit a century as West Indies lost to Pakistan by seven wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai, despite a spirited fightback by the Caribbean side.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) - the EU's new system for extraditing suspects to the UK from other EU member states - is due to be debated in the European Parliament on Wednesday.
Hospital staff across the UK will be eating turkey, stuffing and Christmas pudding on Christmas Day, as they prepare for a busy day of work.
Sebastian Vettel headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Ferrari focused on the soft tyres in a bid to take advantage of the new Pirelli tyre.
The family of a British journalist who was killed at Istanbul's main airport believe she acted alone, after an investigation into her death found she had been alone.
England women's captain Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women's Six Nations with a knee injury and will miss the opening game of the tournament against Spain.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he became "obsessed" with her after the alleged abuse and "craved" sex with her.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte remain in a three-way tie for the overall lead in the Criterium du Dauphine after Alberto Contador retained his overall lead.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk to move to within a point of the Championship play-off places.
A booklet giving voters the "only guide to the EU referendum" has been sent to every home in the UK as part of a campaign to ensure people register to vote.
The Totten Glacier in Antarctica could reverse course and retreat far inland if the planet continues to warm, scientists say.
The reaction to Donald Trump's sacking of the FBI director was swift and furious.
A former oil worker who claims he and five colleagues were exposed to radioactive radiation while working on a North Sea platform has said he is now facing cancer fears.
A man who was found guilty of manslaughter after a fatal stabbing in Essex has been jailed for a further five years.
At least 30 migrants are feared dead after a boat carrying them from North Africa to Europe capsized, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, the British bride shot dead in South Africa four years ago, have said they will be in court every day during her husband's trial for her murder.
England's hopes of a third one-day international win over Sri Lanka were ended by rain as the game was abandoned without a ball being bowled in the third one in Bristol.
As the government considers plans for a devolution deal involving Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, the BBC's Mark Lobel looks at why some towns and villages in the East Midlands are against the idea.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Hibernian eased into the Scottish Cup quarter-finals with a thumping win over Bonnyrigg Rose at New Dundas Park.
Scotland have called up South African centre Alex Jones for the two Tests against Japan in June.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday, thanking people for their messages of support on social media.
The Church of England has consecrated its first woman bishop at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, according to head coach Justin Read.
The wife of a former Suffolk pirate leader who founded the island of Sealand has died aged 90.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle with a rival group in Germany over the use of the word " Ukuleles".
A times table check for 11-year-olds in England will be introduced in 2018-19, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike in Afghanistan which killed at least 13 people at a hospital run by a medical charity.
Crusaders have signed former Crusaders and Crusaders midfielder Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal following his release by Dungannon Swifts.
"Look at this tree," said Dedel, pointing to a tree in the Transamazon region of Brazil, "it has oil."
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker Adam Johnson has signed a new one-year contract with the National League club.
A huge video game dump has been discovered in the US state of California in America.
MSPs have given their backing to plans to allow same-sex marriage in Scotland, despite concerns that the legislation is not fully backed by Holyrood.
Three whistleblowers have told the BBC they worked as part of a fraud team that conned TalkTalk customers out of more than £100,000 by tricking them into handing over their bank accounts to scammers.
A hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by health inspectors after a visit to two of its hospitals.
The Scottish government has said the downturn in the oil and gas industry is a major reason for the country's economic slowdown.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed after chemotherapy for breast cancer has become the first person in Scotland to give birth using frozen ovarian tissue.
"I genuinely believe that being on death row for 22 years ultimately saved my life," says Nick Yarris, who was sentenced to death in the US state of Pennsylvania in 2003 for the rape and murder of a woman he did not commit.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open.
The Brexit Bill is back in the Commons on Monday, with the Lords due to debate the second stage of the bill on Tuesday.
The Irish police will not be able to cope with the demand for new officers if new recruitment is not stepped up, the head of the Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said.
Curtis Paul is the man everyone in football has been waiting for - the man who has been with Swansea City for more than 40 years.
Can Can's stunning goal in Liverpool's 1-0 win at Vicarage Road on Saturday was the highlight of a remarkable game for the Reds.
A new study is being launched to see if a drug could help prevent type-1 diabetes in children in Scotland.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death at a house.
India's biggest online retail firm Flipkart has raised $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in a funding round, the largest ever for an Indian company, as it continues to expand its business.
The government has accused the High Court of trying to "frustrate the will of the British people" by ruling that the government must seek Parliament's approval before triggering Brexit.
Greek police have launched an investigation into the far-right Golden Dawn party after it was accused of making remarks about an MP who was attacked in Athens last month.
Alliance Trust has announced a major overhaul of its board and management team in a bid to cut costs and improve its performance.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a new study suggests.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media over a doping scandal that has left the team's reputation "in tatters".
A protest has been held in Liverpool against plans to set an illegal budget for the city council.
A school in Lancashire which has the lowest proportion of students taking A-levels in England is to close its sixth form.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is not thinking about a possible British and Irish Lions call-up despite being in contention for the starting XV for the autumn Tests.
A patch that can be stitched on to the heart after a heart attack may help prevent long-term damage, a trial suggests.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract with midfielder Peter Whittingham.
The Royal Albert Hall is preparing to welcome its largest ever audience for the 2015 Proms, with more than 100,000 people expected to attend this year's programme.
The Irish president's son has said that President Barack Obama told him he would like to visit Ireland when he leaves the White House.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" after the midfielder was criticised for using a "fake smiley face" emoji on social media.
A cancer research nurse has said she is "thrilled" that four women in Northern Ireland are taking part in a UK trial of a new treatment for cervical cancer.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia to ensure they qualify for the 2018 finals in Russia.
Human settlement of the Americas may have been much earlier than previously thought, with evidence suggesting that people were present in the region some 115,000 years earlier than thought, a study in Nature journal suggests.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to return to the pitch for the first time since his last game for a non-league club.
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump's proposed budget cuts would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue its work.
A man who died after being found in a car in a street in North Lanarkshire has been named by police.
Children in England are not allowed to go out alone after dark, travel on local buses or walk to places other than school, despite being the best in Europe for independent mobility, a study has found.
Six police officers have been charged after a man's fingers were severed when he was restrained and held in a toilet, the police watchdog has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to victory over Partick Thistle to move to within a point of the Premiership play-off places.
More than £2.9bn in unpaid maintenance debts are not being recovered by the government, figures obtained by the BBC suggest.
Russell Brand has been criticised on Twitter for tweeting the phone number of a Daily Mirror reporter.
The Israeli election campaigns are a bit like the old West Wing TV soap operas.
The day after Aberdeen's deal with Lloyds Bank was announced, the Scottish Premiership's top six clubs all agreed to write off their bank debt.
A Chinese appeals court has reduced the jail term of a prominent journalist convicted of leaking state secrets to a US news website, state media report.
A coroner has written to the health secretary urging him to ensure the lowest number of mental health patients are removed from Cornwall for treatment in hospitals.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is relishing the challenge of taking on the "biggest job in world football".
The number of empty bottles found on UK beaches has risen to its highest level for more than a decade, according to a survey.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed defender Liam Whatmough on a season-long loan deal from Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion.
James Graham is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign, which he says will be the "main occupying idea" in writers' heads for the next five or 10 years.
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average of 2.4 million viewers on Thursday night, according to overnight figures from the overnight ratings service Nielsen.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
The UK's Conservative Party has been accused of "unprecedented levels of corruption" after a senior member of its board was found to have been involved in a sex scandal.
The owners of the Vale and BHP Billiton mines in Brazil, Vale and Rio Tinto, have agreed a deal to settle some of the legal claims over the collapse of a dam in 2015.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that will allow passengers to store their luggage in overhead bins without the need for a catch.
South Africa wrapped up a four-wicket win over Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs on the first day of the first Test to take a series lead.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of rape as part of the Yewtree investigation into historical child sex abuse in the Metropolitan Police.
Tom Steel and Tom Latham both hit centuries as Durham made a solid start to their reply to Essex's first innings total of 351 on day one at Chester-le-Street.
League One side Norwich City have signed Tottenham striker Alex Pritchard and goalkeeper Danny Jones for undisclosed fees.
The pound has risen and the stock market has fallen, but what is the story behind the move to call an election?
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at the inquest into the death of an IRA man in Londonderry may be reported to the Director of prosecutions, a court has heard.
A review of nursery staff training in the wake of the death of a baby girl who choked on her lunch has been ordered by the government.
More than 1,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of 2016, Home Office figures have shown.
Andy Murray produced a masterclass of serve to beat Canadian Milos Raonic in a thrilling Wimbledon final and win a record-equalling second title.
A GP has admitted giving his wife a heroin overdose after she threatened to end their marriage if he did not quit his addiction.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Emmanuel Ogogo is not yet sure if he will be fit for the start of the League One season after all.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead as Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four in a sprint finish to claim his third stage win of the race.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai as he looks to win his first title since 2015.
A sinkhole that opened up in a residential street was caused by water penetrating the ground, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England's batsmen will struggle against spin when they face India in the limited-overs series in India, says former wicketkeeper Graeme Swann.
Staff at a careers advice service are being asked to take voluntary redundancy as part of £2.7m cuts to its budget, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain's mixed-team event team of James French and Dan Evans won silver in Rio as they finished second in the final of the European Championships.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Ivan Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal.
The BBC News website looks at the key figures behind George Osborne's Spending Review, which will set the government's spending plans for the next four years.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor to play James Bond" in the past 30 years, according to the actor's former co-star Ian Fleming.
Kent's Chris Northeast hit a century to ensure the Division Two promotion race was sealed as Essex were denied the chance to close in on victory at Canterbury.
For many in Quebec City, the shooting of six Muslim worshippers at a mosque on Friday was a shocking and shocking attack that shocked the province and left six people dead.
ITV's production staff have voted to strike on Monday in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan head coach Mike Mott says the start of the new season is "very important" for the county as they look to improve on their poor results in 2016.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking at the Conservative Party conference on Wednesday.
A woman has been found guilty of a string of child sex abuse offences against five children over a five-year period.
The oceans are on the verge of a mass extinction event and the world must take action to stop it, say scientists.
How is George Osborne today £23bn better off than he was in July?
Up to 100 jobs could be at risk at Tata Steel's Shotton plant in Newport, a union has warned.
The discovery of 55 bodies in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia, is the latest in a series of disturbing discoveries in the country's greyhound racing industry.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has dismissed speculation linking left-back Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland as "100% speculation".
Paul Daniels was one of the most successful and popular magicians of his generation, and his style of magic was a departure from the traditional approach of his peers.
The company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation last year for disruption caused by strikes, strikes and other incidents, figures show.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found stabbed to death in woodland have released CCTV images of three men they want to speak to.
An Australian politician has announced he is taking leave from the Western Australia Senate to address his battle with depression.
A council in Somerset has voted to ban staff from taking smoke breaks during work hours.
A student who was inside the Bataclan concert hall in Paris when gunmen opened fire on Friday night has described the horror of the attack.
England were bowled out for just 101 as Australia sealed a crushing seven-wicket victory in the second Test in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead in the Ashes series.
Australian police have asked Indonesian authorities to investigate the case of a woman who died after drinking coffee laced with cyanide, reports say.
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes James Burke has the potential to become a top player after his £13m move to Germany.
A man accused of murdering a woman whose body was found in a flat has appeared in court for the first time.
Sri Lanka's government has criticised media outlets for showing video of a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire on Saturday, saying it was a "disaster" for the country.
Japanese company Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
The only Labour MP to win in Scotland at May's general election has told party supporters that the party cannot go back in time and must instead look to a new generation of talent.
Jurassic World, the new Jurassic Park sequel, has opened in North America and China to huge success, taking more than $400m (£280m) in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of trying to smuggle cocaine with a street value of more than A$1m (Â£700,000; $1.2m) into the country, her family has said.
Neymar scored his first goal of the season as Barcelona missed the chance to go top of La Liga as they were beaten by Sevilla.
Police have said they are treating a burglary at a woodcutting site in North Lanarkshire as a "targeted raid".
Oscars host Neil Patrick Harris' opening speech was a bit of a let-down, but it was still a pretty good performance.
The UK's departure from the European Union will have an impact on the way the UK trades with the rest of the world, but what does that mean for the UK's trade with the European Commission and the World Trade Organization (WTO)?
It is 50 years since the British toy company Palitoy launched its Action Man, and the iconic toy is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
A floating artwork that is made up of 5,000 light-reflecting centimetres of the moon has been installed at the University of Bristol.
Scientists have found a way to control the wobbling of a liquid glass thread, which can be used to create 3D-printed objects.
Roger Federer won the men's singles for the first time in his career as he beat Richard Gasquet to clinch a historic victory over France in the Davis Cup final in Lille.
Drivers have been warned to take care on Scotland's roads after a number of accidents and travel disruption caused by freezing temperatures.
Blackpool and Wycombe were held to a goalless draw in League Two as the visitors continued their unbeaten start to the season with a goallsess draw at Bloomfield Road.
A man has been injured in a shooting at a house in north Belfast.
Two two-year-old boys in the US state of Georgia have been arrested after they stole their mother's car and drove it for more than a mile down a country road.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with serious head injuries in Edinburgh.
The 70th anniversary of the crash of a US military plane which killed 10 people has been marked with a ceremony at the National Memorial Arboretum in London.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than a decade during a gun case, according to US media reports.
Opponents of a ban on gay marriage in California have filed a petition with the US Supreme Court asking it to overturn a lower court ruling that allowed same-sex unions to be legal in the state.
The finance secretary has been accused of "waffle" by opposition MSPs after he refused to hand over details of how the Scottish government's first budget will be scrutinised.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has resigned after four years in charge of the Bears.
A group of professional wrestlers have taken part in a two-minute contest in which they compete for points in a ring made from gravy.
A man shot dead in Belfast was a former IRA suspect who was questioned by police after the murder of a former republican commander, police have said.
EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the BBC soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor's character Peggy Mitchell, who is to be killed off in the soap.
Police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against victims of car thefts and crashes, the BBC has learned.
A woman has been warned by a sheriff that a second bite by her dog could bring "destruction" after it attacked a postman in Dumfries.
"There's only one Tony Stewart, there's onlyOne Tony Stewart."
The French government has held a memorial service for the 130 people killed in the Paris attacks on 13 November, in which 129 people were killed.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders on 5 May after an MSP resigned from the Scottish Parliament to stand in the general election.
A train has crashed into a carriage at a station in the Belgian city of Leuven, killing at least one person and injuring at least nine others.
If you want to see the world's most famous landmarks, but don't want to get lost in a big city, then you might want to try this new version of Google Earth.
An Australian golfer has been injured after being bitten by a crocodile while playing at a golf course in the country's north.
The US city of Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays in a move that has drawn criticism.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market fell by almost 60% in the north east in 2016, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has used the comedy character Baldrick to poke fun at Theresa May's Brexit plans during Prime Minister's Questions, mocking her "cunning plan" for leaving the EU.
Warner Bros has confirmed that the second film in the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them series will be released in 2020.
A man who worked for the Silk Road 2.0, a successor to the original illegal drugs marketplace, has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for drug trafficking offences.
A fox cub has been found abandoned in a garden in the Borders after being mistaken for a puppy.
Britain's Ahmed Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Japan's Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
Italian playwright Dario Fo, who was known for his satirical farces and political satire, has died at the age of 88.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of "archaic" media practices after it was told it could not film Theresa May's visit to a Cornwall factory.
Police have said they are treating the deaths of two women whose bodies were found in a flat in Glasgow as unexplained.
Rangers owner Dave King and his consortium have been elected to the club's board after a shareholder meeting in Glasgow.
A second man has been charged with murder after a man died following an attack in Sunderland.
When Doctor Foster first aired in 2014, actress Gemma Jones says she thought the drama was "exciting and sexy and thrilling" - but also "really sad" and "really hurt" when the show's characters were dealing with the fallout from a bitter divorce.
Footballers from ethnic minority communities have told the BBC of the racism they say they experience at matches.
An acting head teacher who admitted secretly filming pupils at a primary school has been told there are more victims.
China has accused the US of "militarising" the South China Sea, saying it is responsible for the "escalation of tensions" in the region.
Thousands of people have attended a gay rights rally in Singapore, despite a backlash from a Christian group that has accused organisers of promoting homosexuality.
The UK economy is in a dark and chilly waters, and the government is trying to pull it out.
Bees thrive in urban areas as well as in farms and nature reserves, according to a study of 7,000 insects.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was bitten by a dog in West Yorkshire.
Indonesian authorities have rescued more than 400 Rohingya Muslim migrants from boats trying to reach Malaysia from Myanmar, in what officials say is the largest rescue of its kind.
A railway company has been banned from operating trains on the mainline network after a series of safety failings.
It was a "big Budget" - the first in more than a decade to be delivered by a Conservative chancellor.
South Korean carmaker Kia has the best reliability of any brand in a study of the world's best-selling cars, according to a study.
A seven-year-old boy from Sudan who has been travelling for more than two years has told Newsround he wants to come to the UK to live with his mum and dad.
Key quotes from Northern Ireland politicians on the outcome of the assembly election.
The number of hate crimes in Canada rose in 2015, with Muslims and Catholics the most commonly targeted groups, according to a new report.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi died on the eve of the Japanese Grand Prix, three years after he crashed and was killed in a crash at the Japanese race.
All five candidates in the London mayoral election have said they will fight against the expansion of Heathrow Airport.
The prospect of a Northern Ireland air route development fund will be an "advantage" for airlines operating at Belfast International Airport, according to the boss of British Airways, Willie Walsh.
A man has died after his car crashed on the A90 in the Borders.
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can detect the shortening of DNA in blood cancers.
A cyclist has been killed in a crash at a roundabout on the Bow Road in east London, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A US judge has ruled that the US women's national football team will not be allowed to strike over pay, ending a dispute that could have threatened the sport's reputation.
A baby elephant that was held in Belgium for more than two years after being diagnosed with rabies has been allowed to be transported to Bristol Zoo.
The wife of BBC Radio Ulster presenter Gerry Anderson has said he would have been "delighted" to be inducted into the Professional Radio Ireland (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled its next Xbox console at E3 last month, Phil Spencer promised two things.
A sex offender who took Facebook to court after a page he set up to warn children about paedophiles was taken down has won an interim injunction against the social network.
Halle Berry's best actress Oscar win in 2001 was one of the biggest upsets in film history.
BBC Newsnight's James Clayton has been following the migrant crisis in Europe for a while.
A panel of experts has been appointed to investigate the events at De La Salle College in Belfast.
Aliona Vilani, who won this year's Strictly Come Dancing with Jay Z's partner Anton Du Beke, has announced she is to leave the show.
William Hague has said he will push for international action to tackle the financing of Sunni militants in Iraq, as he visited the country's Kurdish region.
Napoli have not received any direct offers for Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain from Arsenal, a Napoli source has confirmed.
Iceland's parliament has approved a bill that would require companies to implement equal pay programmes for all employees.
A chronology of key events:..
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley in the world.
A boiler owner has lost a legal bid to stop the publication of his details in a list of companies that receive Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) subsidies.
People making phone calls in Europe will see roaming charges cut by up to 66% from Monday, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped outside a car in a car park at Henley Royal Regatta, police have said.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.
Bilkis Bano was just 19 when she was raped and murdered by a mob of Hindu mobs in 2002 during the Gujarat riots, when more than 1,000 people were killed in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he was surprised his players did not want to play in the Premier League match at Sunderland on Saturday because they were "tired" after their recent high-intensity training sessions.
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised that HIV is still a "myths-based" issue in Northern Ireland.
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been wrongly sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says he is hopeful that defender Bailey Wright will sign a new contract with the Championship club.
China has reportedly deployed surface-to-air missiles on an island in the disputed South China Sea, according to Taiwan's defence ministry.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the EU cannot rely on the US and UK after Donald Trump's comments on climate change and Brexit.
BBC presenter and journalist Ada Thompson has said that she has been "crippled" by menstrual pain, and has taken time off work to see a doctor.
A £1.5bn levy on firms with more than £3m in wage bills will be introduced to pay for the cost of training apprentices, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
Two MPs have been awarded £50,000 in libel damages after a UKIP group leader accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenyan businesses are largely open despite a strike called by opposition leader Raila Odinga, who says the election result was rigged, as the country's president urges peace.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in a field in Plymouth.
The holidays are a time for many people to get away from thectic and enjoy the sunshine and warm weather.
Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos has been injured in an explosion in the Paris office of the International Monetary Fund, Greek media report.
Police have said they are investigating after officers were attacked by a group of youths in County Down.
The Derby favourite, The King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner, The Queen Elizabeth, won the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot.
A lawyer for a man who was shot and killed by police while his son was in the back seat of a car has said the shooting was caught on video.
Scientists in the UK are using tiny GPS trackers to track slugs in the soil.
Denmark will face hosts England in the Women's Euro 2017 final after beating Austria 3-0 on penalties after a goalless draw in the semi-final of the Women's Euro 2017.
The remains of a girl found in Mexico are the oldest known human remains from the Americas, and they have been linked to the theory that the first Americans came from Siberia.
Donald Trump has responded with a series of tweets and statements to deny that he broke the law by sharing classified information with Russian officials.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side's defeat at Wembley was "heart-breaking" as they fight to avoid Premier League relegation.
The results of the analysis of samples gathered from the alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria last week are due to be published next week, according to a former OPCW official.
Researchers at Oxford University are developing smart glasses that could help blind and partially sighted people to live more independently.
A Washington Post reporter has appeared in court in Tehran on charges of espionage, in a case that has sparked a diplomatic row between Iran and the US.
A pair of bee-eaters have successfully bred in a quarry in West Yorkshire for a second year in a row, the RSPB has said.
A study of seagrass in a California estuary has suggested that the reintroduction of sea otters to the area in the 1970s may have helped revive ailing plants.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law in England and Wales to allow assisted suicide for terminally-ill people.
A man who loaded drugs worth thousands of pounds into a wheelie bin in a car and drove it to Londonderry has been jailed.
The Irish government has apologised to former residents of mother-and-baby homes, saying it owes them a personal apology for the wrongs done to them.
Raith Rovers manager Jimmy Nicholl was not a man to mince his words, but he did not need to.
Physical education should be given the same status as English, Welsh, Welsh and maths as core subjects in Welsh schools, a report has said.
The High Court is to hear a fresh appeal from the parents of Charlie Gard over his treatment for a rare genetic condition.
Outdoor learning should be embedded in national curricula in England, a report by the Department for Education has said.
Lancashire have appointed former captain Steve Chapple as assistant coach to Peter Moores after the former England boss left the club on Friday.
A fan who was left out of the England team for the second Test against Pakistan after a slow over rate cost him £4 has received a refund from Alex Hales.
A memorial to the first man to die in the River Avon in Bath since 2009 is to be erected in the city.
England's World Cup qualifying campaign has been a success story from the start and now the focus is on Euro 2016.
The father of a woman who was gang-raped and murdered in the Indian capital, Delhi, has said he wants the name of his daughter to be revealed, but has denied that he has given permission for it to be made public.
The war on drugs has been a major international concern for the past 50 years, with the US spending more than $1.5 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) on the issue, and the number of people in jail, with more than 600,000 people in prison, and a
The opening of two new nature reserves in Norfolk has been delayed after heavy rain caused flooding at one of the sites.
Police are investigating a suspected case of "deliberate persecution" of birds of prey in a forest in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences as part of a counter-terrorism investigation.
The owner of the Cardiff-based Brains Brewery is to open its first coffee shops.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid for a fee of £25.5m.
A man who killed a scooter rider who was knocked unconscious after urinating on his leg has been jailed for eight years.
It's that time of year again..
The price of oil has fallen sharply after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand for the fuel is likely to have peaked in the third quarter of the year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to remain in charge of the national team after the 2018 World Cup, says FAW chief executive Martyn Roberts.
A new report has suggested that the world's oldest country is the best place to be in terms of social and economic wellbeing.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to sign Burton Albion midfielder Joe Ward on a permanent deal, subject to a medical, but the deal is not yet signed.
Oscar-winning actor Michael Jordan is to reprise his role as the Human Torch in the upcoming Black Panther film, alongside Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in the early hours of the morning in North Ayrshire.
Four men have appeared in court charged with conspiring to import more than £1m of cannabis into Northern Ireland in a major international drugs operation.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner and hid his body in a wardrobe has been jailed for at least 13 years.
The father of a reservist who died during a selection test for the Royal Marine Corps has told an inquest he did not think the training process had failed.
Shaker Aamer's return to the UK on Friday marks the end of a long and controversial chapter in the history of the UK's relationship with the US, and the end with the last British detainee at Guantanamo Bay.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side were "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League in the play-off round by Malmo.
(Close): Shares in savings and loans group NatWest fell nearly 10% after the company reported a drop in annual pre-tax profits of nearly 20% to Â£7.5m.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died after collapsing at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Two goals from Scott Shankland helped Partick Thistle to victory over Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Northern Ireland's former captain Michael McCourt has revealed he was forced to pull out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The UK's service sector grew at its slowest pace for more than three years in February, a survey has indicated, adding to signs that the economy is slowing down.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in the US over allegations they tried to manipulate the Libor inter-bank lending rate.
Chelsea Ladies reached the last 16 of the Women's Champions League for the first time with a narrow win over Glasgow City in the first leg of their last-16 tie at Stamford Bridge.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) has said it is "confident" it will pay coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic his outstanding salary after the coach complained about not being paid.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would break from the party's past and not follow Ed Miliband's policies.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken to the leader of Taiwan for the first time since the US cut formal diplomatic ties with the island in 1979.
Harvard University in the US is to change the job titles of some of its house masters, after student campaigners called for the removal of the word "master" from the title.
Portugal and Germany both won their final Group A matches at the Confederations Cup as Australia and Cameroon drew 1-1 to finish bottom of their group.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have cleared the last of the drug addicts in the area known as "Crackland" after a second operation to clear the area of illegal drugs.
Martin McGuinness is to visit two sites where Irish soldiers fought together in World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he will be better next season after admitting his side were not good enough to compete for the Premier League title this season.
Three-time Grand National winner Many Clouds died from a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage" after collapsing following a race on Saturday, a report has revealed.
It's that time of year again when football clubs are looking to make their January signings.
The Army has already cut more than 20,000 jobs since 2010 and is set to lose another 10,000 by 2018, the BBC has learned.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he was not expecting his team to be "unbeaten" after they started the season with three wins in a row.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt after the Italian's contract was reportedly terminated by the Russian football association.
A British conservationist has accused Maltese hunters of illegally shooting birds of prey in a "desperate" attempt to break EU rules on bird hunting.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being found lying in the street with serious injuries following a crash in the Black Country.
A Scottish audio firm is considering making around 70 staff redundant at its factory in North Lanarkshire.
Stoke were left to rue two late goals as West Brom secured a dramatic win at The Hawthorns as Jonny Evans' late winner saw off a stubborn Stoke side.
Plans to close a major road in Oxford city centre to all vehicles for the first time in the city's history have been criticised by bus companies.
McDonald's is facing claims it is abusing its dominant position in the European market by charging franchisees too much for the use of its restaurants.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has left his role as first-team coach at the club after 30 years.
When Tony Blair announced his "four-point plan" for tackling terrorism in the wake of the 9/11 attacks in 2001, he was in the final days of the general election campaign.
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Crystal Palace beat Hull City 4-1 to secure their place in the Championship next season.
Bradford Bulls administrators have said they will not be able to complete a deal to sell the club to a foreign consortium by the end of the week.
Human remains found in a field in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thomas Bjork share the lead after two rounds of the Nedbank Challenge in South Africa after a second round of 65 each.
US President-elect Donald Trump has announced that the US will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, which would have given the US a greater say over trade with Asia.
A woman has won a prestigious cake competition for her life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake.
Amnesty International has criticised a deal between the EU and Turkey to end the migrant crisis, saying it is "unworkable" and "unlawful".
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to former pupils who were injured during loyalist protests outside a Belfast school.
The German government has granted the world's first free access to the annotated edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, the manifesto that helped to bring the Nazis to power during World War Two.
A new primary school in West Lothian has been closed after a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms.
Mae'r First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei holi gan BBC Cymru ar hyn o bryd ar hanner yn ymgyrchu i Brydain yn dilyn gweinidog yn Sir Con
Carlos Tevez's proposed move to Corinthians from Manchester City has collapsed after the Brazilian club said the deal was off.
The French rock star who murdered his lover and wife in 2003 has returned to the spotlight with a new album, and has been accused of being a "master of self-pity".
Mae Team Sky wedi dau gymal y Tour de France yn ddyddiol yn y ras yn erbyn y cloc ddyw Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, yn ôl Geraint Thomas.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a man was found dead in a flat in west Belfast on Saturday.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii for a visit to the site of the 1941 Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The UCI will investigate claims of racism at the Tour de France after a rider was involved in a confrontation with a rival during the race.
Students are being warned not to take "smart drugs" to boost their grades in university exams.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to start planning for an EU military operation in the Central African Republic (CAR) to help stabilise the country, after talks in Brussels.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United and Scotland striker Scott Clarkson on a one-month loan deal from Motherwell.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia and inflict a fourth straight La Liga defeat on former England defender Gary Neville.
The Wales women's Euro 2016 squad has arrived in France for their training camp ahead of the tournament.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial game against Manchester City on Saturday, 5 July will be streamed live on Facebook.
Egypt's press has reacted with mixed emotions after the country's referendum on a new constitution was approved by more than two-thirds of voters.
Myanmar's military says a plane that crashed last month killing all 15 people on board was not from any act of sabotage or engine failure, but was instead caused by a "adverse weather" event.
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime" in the European Union.
The chief Brexit negotiator's phone call to an Ulster Unionist MEP is the focus of the front pages of Wednesday's papers.
Hogmanay is one of the biggest celebrations in Scotland, and it is celebrated every year on the second day of January.
Two people have been arrested after a man was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent on Saturday.
A group of bears at a safari park in the UK have been caught on camera playing with a live elephant.
Historic Scotland has said it is considering putting a site of interest in the Roman army's Battle of Mons Graupius in the Cairngorms on its Inventory of Historic Battlefields.
Derry manager Joey Barton has said that he is "shocked" by the incident that led to Brendan Rogers' injury in Sunday's McKenna Cup final defeat by Tyrone.
Heavy rain and high winds have caused severe flooding across parts of England, with many roads and railways closed and schools closed.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he shoots Donald Trump in the head in what is thought to be a spoof of the US presidential candidate's campaign slogan.
The first of six giant floating wind turbines has been moved into place off the Scottish coast, as part of a project to test the technology in the North Sea.
World number one Dustin Johnson says he is in good shape for the US PGA Tour's Bridgestone Invitational after recovering from injury to claim a fourth consecutive victory at the North Carolina Open.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, marking the end of the print edition of the magazine, which has been published for more than 80 years.
Russia's economy is expected to shrink by more than expected in 2015, as the country's economy continues to be hit by the fall in the oil price and Western sanctions.
Home Secretary Theresa May has said life should mean life for anyone convicted of murdering a police officer, as she announced plans to increase the minimum sentence for murder to life without parole.
The final week of campaigning in the EU referendum campaign will see both sides focusing on the Labour heartland in south Wales and the north of Wales.
A man who carried out a "frightening and traumatic" robbery at a post office in a village in the Scottish Borders has been jailed for seven years.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after an assault in Denny.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of the squad for the Rio Olympics because of a hamstring injury.
The Royal Navy's helicopter carrier HMS Ocean will be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has said, as part of a review of the Royal Navy.
The UK's economy will grow at its slowest pace in more than a decade next year, according to the EY Item Club, which has slashed its growth forecasts following the Brexit vote.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jack Mason and Chelsea defender Tom Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has promised to fight "injustice" in the workplace and "make life easier for workers" in his speech to the CBI business conference.
A report into the former Garda Commissioner (Garda) Pat Callinan and the former justice minister Alan Shatter has found no evidence of criminality or corruption in the Irish police.
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has increased by more than a third in the past year, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he is "frustrated" by his side's failure to reach the final of the 2011 World Cup as they bid for a third Six Nations Grand Slam in four years.
"Monty Doherty, here we go again!"
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup win over Peterborough United.
A man has been seriously injured after a car crashed into a tree on the M6 in the early hours of the morning.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to trim his squad next season after his side finished in the Championship's top four.
A new app called Pokemon Go has been released in the US, but the game has been criticised for being too easy to play with children.
A man who dragged a 73-year-old man for more than a mile through his driveway before stealing his car has been found guilty of a string of offences.
International students from outside the UK bring £1.3bn to the Scottish economy each year, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
Derry City suffered a first Premier Division defeat in almost 20 years as they were beaten 2-1 by Harps in their first game back in the top flight.
An extra 130,000 secondary school places are needed in England by September 2017 to deal with a shortage in primary schools, local authorities say.
A £50m road linking Cardiff Bay with the city's east end is to open to traffic later.
The crowd gathered outside the mosque in the centre of Cairo's Tahrir Square, hoping to hear the call for change that has been heard for days.
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has said she was thrown off a tram after being mistaken for a passenger on the same service named after her.
The mother of a man who was convicted of stalking Lily Allen has said she had no idea he had a fixation with the singer and that he had been on medication for schizophrenia.
A police and crime commissioner has asked East Sussex and West Sussex fire authorities to consider merging their services under her authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway food manufacturer is to invest £5m in its factory in a bid to expand and improve its production facilities.
A man has been stabbed in the stomach during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and Serbia over the violence that marred the Under-21 European Championship play-off second leg in Krusevac on 16 October.
Johnny Depp's management company has filed a lawsuit against the actor, claiming he has failed to live within his means and has been "unable to live below his means".
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as a consultant coach for the county's T20 Blast side.
The outgoing Bishop of Wrexham has said he is "not against organ donation" but has said it is "much better if people voluntarily say they want to give organs".
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central" to the debate on the future of the UK after the Scottish independence referendum.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City midfielder Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
Two goals from Ryan Quigley helped Scottish National League leaders The New Saints to a comfortable win over Livingston and a place in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
A Conservative-run council in Surrey has proposed a 15% rise in council tax for 2017-18, the largest rise in England for the past five years.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia that have been banned from operating in the country.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from League Two after losing to Leyton Orient, who secured promotion from the National League.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest level since records began in 2009, official figures have shown, as Italy's rate of unemployment rose to a record high.
A Russian submarine has been forced to leave the area of an aircraft carrier-led flotilla of warships in the eastern Mediterranean after being spotted by anti-submarine ships, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has said he is "fully focused" on his club and not on Rangers, despite speculation linking him with the Ibrox job.
Bradford has won the title of Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in a row, after being crowned in 2004, 2011 and 2014.
One Direction's new single Drag Me Down has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row, taking the number one spot from Calvin Harris and Disciples' How Deep Is Your Love.
Up to 20,000 Syrians displaced by the conflict in Syria have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey, the UN says, as the government of President Bashar al-Assad advances on rebel-held areas.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash near the capital, Mexico City, officials say.
Kenyan voters have been casting their ballots in elections for the first time since the country's worst-ever violence in 2007.
Linfield's Champions League qualifier against Celtic will take place on the weekend of 12-13 July, BBC Sport has learned.
Luton Airport is to close for three weekends in December for a £1.5m refurbishment of its runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest and leg.
The founder of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, Carmen Beckford, has died aged 91.
Derby County have signed defender Ben Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
The rise of celebrity book clubs is a new phenomenon and, while the traditional literary clubs have been around for decades, the latest crop of stars are taking their game to the next level.
Former Ireland rugby star David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia back row Nic White and Jersey captain Nick Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi is a small country in East Africa with a population of about 10m, and is one of the world's poorest.
The health minister has said he will not be "shooting from the hip" when he decides whether to put a north Wales health board into special measures over the treatment of mentally ill patients.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan is not reappointed as Scotland manager.
A strike by Merseyrail conductors will take place on the day of the Grand National on 26 April, the RMT union has said.
Afghan singer and folk singer Gulbuddin Sayeed has given a concert in the capital, Kabul, despite receiving death threats from those who say her music is "against Afghan culture".
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after she was stopped by police on the M1 in Suffolk.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK arts scene, with more than 40 million people participating, a report has said.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer will be out for up to six weeks after suffering a hamstring injury.
Matt Raggett's late winner gave Dover Athletic a vital win over Welling United to move them up to sixth in the National League.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing lower for the second day in a row.
A fleet of potholes-treating machines has been deployed to help fill in more than 1,000 pothole holes across Northumberland.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in north London.
Police in Italy have arrested a man suspected of shooting at a group of nudists on a popular beach in the north-eastern region of Umbria after a dispute over a price, local media report.
Chinese social media star and activist Peng Liyuan has been campaigning for women to stop shaving their armpits.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to become the first British man to climb Mount Everest as part of a research project.
Protesters in Egypt have taken to the streets in Cairo and Alexandria to protest against the transfer of two islands to Saudi Arabia in a controversial deal last month.
Sports Direct has said it will cut its full-year profit forecast after the value of the pound fell by more than 6% against the dollar overnight.
Ed Sheeran has crashed his car on the Top Gear test track during his appearance on the BBC show.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a commentator on its US television channels.
One in seven patients in Wales is waiting more than a year for surgery, with the NHS facing a "national scandal", surgeons have warned.
A former teacher at a Cardiff mosque has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open for the first time in her career with a straight-set win in the third round.
The Chinese explorer Zheng He, the legendary Ming dynasty admiral who led one of the world's most successful maritime expeditions, is being resurrected as a national hero.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths could be in line for a place in the British and Irish Lions squad.
Silverstone has announced it will end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019, with a break clause in the deal that will see it lose £12m if it does not agree a new deal by 2019.
The desk and chair used by Charles Dickens to write his final novel The Great Dickensian has been bought by a museum after it was saved from sale by a £1.5m grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended a constitutional assembly that is due to draft a new constitution, amid complaints that it is dominated by Islamists.
Footballers will be banned from revealing slogans and other messages on their undergarments under a new law being passed by Fifa.
He's got the look of a man who's been told he's got what it takes to be a professional cricketer.
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its investigation into Apple over alleged tax avoidance, saying it could "override" the rules of other EU countries.
Great Britain have named a 15-strong women's squad for the Rio Olympics, including four players who were part of the squad that finished fourth at London 2012.
More than £20m is to be spent on a range of projects to regenerate town centres and build new homes in north Wales.
A new website has been launched to allow people to sign and submit e-petitions to Parliament, replacing the old system which was scrapped in 2011.
J Craig Venter's achievements in the field of genetic engineering have been hailed as one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the last 20 years.
A "black alert" has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall after a "crisis" at the service.
Great Britain's Six Nations campaign ended in a dramatic draw against Japan in a match that saw both teams come from behind to win their opening Pool C match.
Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will be standing for election for the UK's top job has been greeted with a mixture of relief and trepidation in Brussels.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have admitted raping and assaulting a woman in a "house of horrors" in Maghaberry prison.
An £8m fund to help people made redundant by the oil and gas industry to retrain for new jobs has been announced by the Scottish government.
A £1.5m cycle park is to be built in Pembrey, Powys, to provide facilities for cyclists and their families.
A man armed with a gun has robbed a supermarket cash machine in a "terrifying ordeal" outside a shop in West Lothian.
Celtic Energy has accepted the responsibility for cleaning up two of its former mines in the Vale of Glamorgan, the chairman of the Welsh Labour Party has said.
Mae'r tân bellach wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr aros yn dilyn adeilad i'r fflamau yn ôl adroddiadau mae'n â'r criwiau w
Jose Mourinho suffered a nightmare return to Chelsea as his Manchester United side were thrashed on his first game back at Stamford Bridge.
When Channel 4's Skins came to an end in 2010, it was a very different story for many of the actors who played the teenagers in the show.
Police Scotland's top officer has defended the use of armed officers in Scotland, saying they have been involved in a number of high-profile incidents including a knife attack on a man in Edinburgh.
There is a strange phenomenon going on in the financial world.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 15-year old girl in a park.
Director Robert Carlyle's first feature film as a director will open the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF) next month.
A female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish Wildlife Trust nest, after the loss of its long-time resident.
Britain would have "zero influence" if it were to leave the European Union, the outgoing president of the European Commission has said.
The world's energy needs are being met by more renewable energy than ever before, but demand for coal is continuing to slow, a report has said.
A national standard for infant cremations could be set up after an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium's failure to return ashes to bereaved families, the government has said.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may not play for Leicester Tigers this season because of a knee injury, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Moldova is going to the polls for its first presidential election in more than 20 years, with a pro-Russian candidate hoping to end the country's long-running economic crisis and end its close ties with Russia.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will only commit to the club if they show he has the commitment to stay if they match his ambition.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach after it was found the English version of the name is more commonly used.
A British backpacker who went missing in Thailand has contacted her family to say she is safe and well and wants to come home.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over immigration, saying they are "politics of the gutter".
The head of Queen's University Belfast has said the UK needs to make "critical decisions" on higher education if it is to avoid a future crisis.
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for walking more than four dogs in a park.
The government is facing a judicial review over claims that the Kincora child abuse scandal should be included in the scope of a new inquiry into historical child abuse allegations in Northern Ireland.
Three British tourists who were among the victims of the Nepal earthquake have been flown home to the UK.
Wales men's and women's hockey coach Mark Clements says the team's promotion to the top tier of the European competition will help drive up performances.
Two goals from Oisin MacNiallais helped Donegal to a convincing 4-13 to 0-13 win over Fermanagh in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Martin Cissokho will not be sent back to Derby County, despite the player stopping in training to take a day off.
The Mubende gold fields in Uganda's Mubende district are home to some of the world's largest illegal gold mines, but the government has shut them down, forcing thousands of people to flee the area.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped his target of returning the UK's national finances to a surplus by 2020.
Fifa's annual congress in Zurich will elect a new president on Friday, with Sepp Blatter set to step down after 17 years in charge.
Three men who attacked a university lecturer with a hammer and a hammer during a burglary at his home have been jailed.
Hull FC will face Super League leaders Leeds Rhinos in the Million Pound Game semi-finals of the Challenge Cup after the teams were confirmed on Monday.
More than 1,500 taxi drivers with criminal histories have been granted licences in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese's new tour has been criticised by critics for being "too easy" and "too self-indulgent", with one calling it "a lecture tour more than a comedy tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Diego Macheda on loan.
The BBC's recent series on the people smuggling crisis in Bangladesh has shed new light on the dark side of the phenomenon of migrants trying to cross the border from Asia to Europe.
A woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scotland after being unable to go out to see the display due to illness.
A former Sussex Police community support officer who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
A Hong Kong ultramarathon has been held on a course described as "boring" by local runners, but organisers say it helped to bring in more spectators.
A Cardiff-based logistics company is to close its distribution centre in the town, with the loss of 54 jobs.
In South Africa, the use of social media and e-learning is growing at a faster rate than the use by the government, according to a report by the South African government.
A Perth woman has admitted stealing £1,000 from her mother's bank account to fund her drug habit.
(Close): US stocks closed at record highs on Friday, boosted by a strong jobs report that showed the US economy added more than expected in July.
The government has been confusing the public about the number of nurses working in the NHS in England.
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have described how they were left "devastated" after the closure of the store.
Mobile phone network Three has become the first UK network to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling abroad.
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists say they have no evidence against two Burmese men they had arrested on suspicion of involvement.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be standing for re-election as Conservative leader.
A UK charity is using virtual doctors to help remote communities in Zambia by sending medical advice to patients via a smartphone app.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and stabbed in a suspected gang attack in Manchester have paid tribute to a "committed and caring son".
When David Thirlwell first started out in business he thought he was just trying to make mints.
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden's body was buried at sea, in the Arabian Sea, after the US military confirmed that he was killed in a gun battle with al-Qaeda leader al-Bin Laden in May 2011.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining stocks leading the way as investors digested strong results from BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto.
The trial of the former Irish cattle dealer, John Murphy, has begun in Dublin of alleged tax evasion and fraud.
Small businesses will be given a £1bn tax break over the next five years, the chancellor has announced in his Budget.
Scarlets winger Ken Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to make Wales' World Cup squad, according to former captain Martyn James.
Nottinghamshire have signed all-rounder Dan Christian for the T20 Blast.
Forensic experts in Canada are helping to find the killer of a schoolgirl who was found dead 21 years ago.
Shrewsbury Town have signed midfielder Liam McGinty from fellow League Two side Grimsby Town on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has broken his leg in a fall at a training session in London.
Tens of thousands of Palestinians have clashed with Israeli troops in and around a holy site in Jerusalem, hours after restrictions were lifted on access to the site.
Online travel booking service Priceline.com is facing a €356m (£294m; $357m) tax bill from the French government, the company has said.
Uber has criticised proposals to tighten up regulation of the London private hire industry, saying they would increase prices and increase congestion.
Cadel Evans won his first Tour de France title in seven years after a stunning time-trial victory on Saturday's 20th stage.
The UN has accused Nigeria's army of detaining at least 10 children as part of its counter-insurgency operations against Boko Haram militants.
Britain's Hannah Murray recovered from a poor start to reach the final of the women's individual foil at the World Championships to finish in a career-best ninth place.
US carmaker Hyundai has offered to extend car loans and lease payments to federal employees who are affected by the government shutdown.
A photographer who shot Taylor Swift's 1989 World Tour has accused her management of "giving away" his images in a dispute with Apple over music streaming rights.
A father who won a legal battle over his daughter's school holiday has launched a crowdfunding campaign to pay for legal fees.
A US clerk in the state of North Carolina has been ordered to appear in court after she refused to issue marriage licences to two gay couples, saying she was acting under "God's authority".
It is not often that a country with a long history of political turmoil and economic hardship is able to pull off a remarkable Paralympic success.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI) for failing to protect the security of police officers under investigation.
Scotland's local authorities have cut their spending on school crossing patrols by more than a third in the past three years, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei index fell on Monday as the yen strengthened against the US dollar following the US Federal Reserve's interest rate rise and Toshiba shares fell on reports of record losses.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced that fares on Tube, tram, bus and rail services will not rise for four years from 2020.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the party's campaign for Scottish independence was "flawed" over the issue of the pound.
A rare piece of opal discovered by a South Australian miner more than 70 years ago has gone on display for the first time.
A mysterious island made of mud and rocks has been uncovered off the Kent coast, where human remains have been found for more than 200 years.
BBC News Day is back for its seventh year, and we've been following the stories from BBC School Reporters across the country this year.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "breaching constitutional principle" by publicly backing Labour's opposition to Trident renewal.
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief, Condé Nast has announced.
A machine has been built in Thailand to judge the best versions of classic Thai food, and it has already been tested in the city of Bangkok.
The use of physical punishment of children should be banned in Scotland and the UK, according to a new report.
Worcester Warriors head coach Steve Paver says he had doubts about the fitness of young player Jack Chapman before he made his first start for the club.
Newcastle moved to the top of the Championship with victory over Aston Villa, who suffered a further blow to their hopes of avoiding relegation.
Rangers boss Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers to become Celtic's next manager, saying he has "no doubt" the former Liverpool boss has the qualities to succeed him.
A transgender woman who died in prison wrote a letter saying she was "not happy" in jail, a BBC investigation has found.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns in its aviation sector.
The new Ghostbusters remake has received a mixed response from critics, with some saying it is better than the original, while others saying it has been unfairly attacked online.
A woman has died following a two-car crash in the Borders.
Buy-to-let landlords are to pay an extra £5,520 a year in stamp duty on every property they buy, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
A fire on the M8 motorway in Perthshire has been extinguished after a tanker carrying fuel caught fire.
A £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund has been awarded to help fund the restoration of a quarry that will be used for a proposed £100m underground museum.
A Manx football club has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear site following a BBC investigation into safety concerns.
Giannelli Imbula scored his first Premier League goal for Stoke as they eased to victory over Bournemouth.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a man who later killed himself has said he has been "shut down all the way" by police.
Oldham Athletic have become the first League One side to offer free entry to fans for the second half of their home game against Brentford on Saturday, when the game is played at the Macron Stadium.
Police in the Indian city of Bangalore have detained a group of protesters who were protesting against the arrest of a French envoy for allegedly raping a child.
Laura Trott won the women's scratch title at the Para-cycling British National Championships in the Bahamas as Great Britain claimed four gold medals on the final day of the event.
A second man has been charged with attempting to murder a police officer in a bomb attack in County Tyrone 10 years ago.
The US has launched air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon says, targeting the group's positions in the country.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter over Glasgow, causing it to take evasive action, has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports rose at their fastest pace in more than two years in February, official data has shown, suggesting that the world's second largest economy is recovering.
LeBron James has become the most points scorer in Cleveland Cavaliers history after becoming the team's all-time leading scorer.
A man jailed for murdering a woman who was raped and sexually assaulted by a friend has gone on trial accused of raping two girls.
A Flintshire man has helped to make a film about the assassination of Nazi SS chief Reinhard Heydrich, who was killed by British forces during World War Two.
A chronology of key events:..
Six Australian swimmers have admitted taking a banned drug during a team bonding exercise ahead of the London Olympics.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren, who wrote the first episode of the ITV soap, has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji, a Pacific island nation with a population of about 1.5 million, is one of the world's fastest-growing democracies.
The Scottish government has said it remains " committed" to a £10bn deal with a Chinese consortium despite reports it has collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a Denbighshire quarry, police have said.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has held talks with officials from the European Economic Area (EFTA) about the possibility of Scotland joining the group.
Three Russian opposition activists have begun a hunger strike after being barred from taking part in regional elections for regional and local councils.
Somerset's bowlers took early wickets to put Hampshire under pressure on day one of their Division Two match at Taunton.
South Africa's top law reform commission has proposed that Christmas should be removed from the national holiday calendar.
Three men have been arrested after a nativity doll was stolen from a church nativity scene in Edinburgh.
Nigeria's main opposition party has suffered its biggest defeat in the country's elections, losing control of all 36 states to the main opposition APC.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Stanley Park at Anfield and Goodison Park in north-west Liverpool.
Carlitos Tevez has completed his move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG from Manchester United and Juventus.
A public order has been issued against "rambling naked" campaigner Stephen Gough, who has been jailed for several times for outraging public decency.
A major donation has been made to the appeal to help restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they began their Championship campaign with victory over Middlesbrough.
Bristol have appointed Mark Tainton as acting head coach after Steve Robinson was suspended by the Premiership club following their "extremely disappointing start to the season".
Mae'r Scarlets wedi dweud ei gêm yn dilyn penderfyniad i'r gên yn y gêl yn ôl ym mis Chwefror pan enillodd y Scarlets o 30
The cloud is the mysterious, misty place where all your computing needs can be found and processed at any time.
In 2007, Iceland was in the midst of a banking crisis, but it was not as bad as it is today.
The Duke of Cambridge has said looking after his three-week-old son Prince George was "right up there" with the most demanding job he had ever done.
Three weeks ago, two journalists were killed in Mexico.
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, have risen more than 5% after the company reported a rise in profits in China, helped by a strong performance in the country.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, the first time the event has been held in the country.
A vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill has been withdrawn after it failed to win enough votes in the US House of Representatives.
As George and Amal Clooney welcome their newborn babies, social media has been full of speculation about what they will look like and what they are named.
A law firm has said it is "extremely seriously" investigating after a poster was reportedly posted outside the Grenfell Tower fire site offering help to survivors.
Violence at Bristol Prison has risen and is now "considerably higher" than in similar prisons, inspectors have said in a report.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is facing a $25 (Â£18.5m) lawsuit alleging it is violating a law requiring it to charge full price for admission.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has rejected an accusation by her rival Bernie Sanders that she is not a "progressive" after they clashed over her financial interests.
Alloa Athletic have appointed former Scotland captain and assistant manager Alex Ross as their new head coach.
US President Donald Trump has said he would prefer to work with Russian President Vladimir Putin rather than his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, because he believes Russia is "so innocent".
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson can become a "very good" player.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Derbyshire are the "largest threat" to the area's "historic woodland" a conservation charity has seen in its 42-year history, it has claimed.
A bog snorkelling competition and a "bog-slinging" competition are among the activities at the annual National Games in Gwynedd.
Former NFL player Johnny Manziel is to be charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend, who says he hit her in the head in Texas last month.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out an independence referendum this year.
A Liverpool fan who tried to save a teenager from the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was asked to change his statement after being told by police to do so.
A fire authority has been ordered to carry out an independent inspection after a former chief fire officer made "well-founded" complaints about its management, the BBC has learned.
European stock markets have risen slightly, after a week of volatility on China's stock markets that saw the Shanghai Composite close down by more than 10% on Thursday.
Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton was third fastest.
The Forth Road Bridge should reopen to all traffic by the end of the year after urgent repairs to a fault were completed, the transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend.
More than 100 packets of cigarettes with an estimated street value of £1m have been found dumped on a road in Dorset.
Comedian and TV presenter Jenny Toksvig has said she is a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows, despite the BBC's decision to ban all-male panels.
A helicopter that crashed in Norway last month killing eight people may have suffered a fault that could have been caused by a similar issue in other models of the same model, investigators have said.
The number of people visiting the Borders has seen a slight increase, according to Scottish Borders Council's latest figures for 2015.
A scheme to offer therapy to violent partners of domestic abusers is to be trialled in three areas of England and Wales, it has been revealed.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles could replace Hallam Amos in Wales' back-three after the Wales wing was ruled out of the Six Nations with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua has the perfect opportunity to become undisputed world heavyweight champion when he fights Wladimir Klitschko, says former champion Lennox Lewis.
Blackpool Football Club is taking legal action against a fan forum run by the club's owners over comments made on it, the club has confirmed.
A man who died after his car crashed in a field in the Isle of Man has been named.
Derry's hopes of a first Ulster SFC title since 2007 ended in a dramatic extra-time defeat by Mayo in the All-Ireland Football Championship quarter-final at Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for his courage in playing through injury.
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbikes title as he finished second in race two at Aragon to Chaz Davies, who won the second race of the season.
More than one in five students in independent schools in England took extra time to complete GCSE and A-level exams last year because of special needs, figures show.
England forward Joe Burgess has taken part in a trial for the New York Giants, who are interested in signing him from South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Doncaster maintained their 100% start to the League Two season with a dramatic win at Stevenage.
Nepal is one of the world's most ethnically diverse countries, but many of its citizens still struggle to acquire citizenship, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Kathmandu.
Castleford Tigers moved to within two points of Super League leaders Salford Red Devils with a hard-fought win over St Helens.
Manchester United's season was brought to a dramatic end with a defeat at West Ham that leaves them still needing to beat Bournemouth at Old Trafford on Sunday to secure Champions League football next season - but now their season could be over.
The opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France will start in the German city of Berlin, organisers have announced.
A mental health watchdog has criticised the "significant" and "significant concerns" it found about the care of dementia patients at a hospital in Edinburgh.
A man and woman have been charged with running a brothel ring which allegedly involved the trafficking of women into the UK to work in the sex trade.
A lawyer for the former Guatemalan army chief of staff, General Efrain Rios Montt, has been shot dead in the capital, days after his retrial for genocide was postponed.
Oscar-winning Rocky producer John Chartoff, who produced the first Rocky film and went on to produce all seven sequels, has died at the age of 83.
A special event has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup final victory over West Germany.
A new unit to tackle online hate crime in London has been launched by the city's mayor.
How do you keep your internet browsing habits private?
Shares in Danish brewer Carlsberg have fallen sharply after the company said it expects sales in Ukraine to fall by more than a third in the first half of the year.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos are to visit the site where he was last seen more than 20 years ago.
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff are to stage a series of strikes in a row over cuts to services, including the closure of driver and vehicle licensing offices.
Cambridge United and Carlisle United were both left to rue missed chances as they played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent have said they will take legal advice after the government announced it would not be compulsory buying the site.
The doctor at the University Hospital in Bambari, the only hospital in the Central African Republic (CAR), was treating a woman, Maria Gerizapa, who had been shot in the leg in a recent attack.
Former world champion Carl Froch says he is ready to return to the ring after 18 months out of action and is targeting a world title fight in December.
Theatre is a "vital" part of the economy and the debate on the future of the arts in the House of Commons was dominated by the issue of funding for regional theatres, as MP David Quince made his case.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, the first of its kind in the region for more than a decade.
The Queen has said the UK government will work with the Welsh Government to establish a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement in Wales in the Queen's Speech.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors, keeping him at Scotstoun until the end of the 2018-19 season.
A speaker was carried in a car carrying heroin worth £5m in a £1m haul that was seized by police, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food or utilities, according to a new report.
A council has had to place six children in residential care outside of its authority because it cannot cope with the number of asylum seekers coming into its care.
England's new £1.5m-a-year players' contract is "very reasonable" and will help the game's elite players earn more money, says the Rugby Players' Association's chief executive Matt Hopley.
A furniture shop owner who ran a "major" cannabis farm has been jailed for five years and four months for money laundering.
A 10-foot (3.5-m) python has escaped from a Florida home and is on the loose, officials say.
Glentoran's appeal against the Football Association of Northern Ireland's decision to uphold the red card given to Glenavon's Mark Novo in the 2-1 defeat by Crusaders has been rejected.
The farmer whose farm was the scene of a light aircraft crash which killed two men has said he is "devastated" by the "terrible tragedy".
Kent's batsmen struggled to a solid first-innings total of 187-7 as Northants bowled them out for just 145 on day two of their Division Two match at Canterbury.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news has begun in Egypt, with prosecutors playing video clips of alleged threats against the network.
The UK's Supreme Court is to hear a case involving allegations the government helped to arrange the rendition of a terror suspect to Libya.
A woman from Kent who was denied a visa to live in New Zealand after her grandfather died in a plane crash has said she is still waiting for an answer from the UK Border Agency.
A man who was found not guilty of attempted murder after stabbing a Muslim man on a train has been detained under the Mental Health Act.
A number of roads have been closed after heavy rain caused landslips and flooding in parts of Scotland.
The BBC has been told to reconsider plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios in Wales.
Comedian and comedian Paddy Dodd has been named the best-selling single of the 1960s, beating The Beatles to the top spot.
Eight-time TT winner Alan Hutchinson suffered a broken leg in a crash during the Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT on Saturday.
At the top, but not in the inner circle.
Novak Djokovic and his doubles partner Milos Raonic were knocked out of the Olympic Games in the second round on Sunday, just days after winning the men's doubles.
An American convicted of kidnapping a terror suspect and secretly transporting him to Egypt by the CIA has been arrested in Panama, according to US officials.
James Milkins says he felt "under a lot of pressure" after ending a run of five successive defeats with a first-round win at the UK Championship.
Irish police have carried out a major search operation in Dublin in connection with the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A new artificial pitch has been unveiled ahead of the 2017 Champions League final in Cardiff.
A new home for the Newport Ship is to be found for the medieval trading ship after it was found on the River Usk.
Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been charged with assaulting a reporter at a rally, the Republican presidential candidate's campaign has said.
Two people have admitted health and safety breaches after a man was killed when two pallet stacks of coal fell on top of him at a fuel depot in March 2013.
Hundreds of people are being forced to live in unregulated homes in Southampton because landlords are refusing to apply for a licence, a council has said.
Pepper, the humanoid robot that has become a hit in Japan, is to be deployed in two Belgian hospitals.
Malnutrition was a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes in 2015, according to official figures.
The brother of a victim of Bloody Sunday has said a planned march by veterans to protest against the prosecution of former soldiers for their part in the killings is "totally insensitive".
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country, saying he wants to encourage companies to invest in India and create jobs.
Nigeria's new national team coach Stephen Keshi has been cleared by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) of misconduct after failing to attend a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday.
Human remains have been found in the grounds of a house in Edinburgh where the body of missing woman Ann Tiffney was last seen more than a decade ago.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says he is hopeful the club's transfer embargo will be lifted next week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, causing a large hole in the roof.
Sarraf Elyounoussi and Peter Ruud scored late goals as Northern Ireland were beaten by Norway in their final World Cup qualifier in Belfast.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, in what is seen as a rare meeting between a foreign leader and a presidential candidate.
A man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named as 24-year-old James Hunter.
David Cameron has said he has secured a "historic" deal with EU leaders on the UK's membership of the bloc, which will put the country "in the driving seat" of one of the world's biggest markets.
A youth travel pass scheme for young people will continue to be available after the Welsh Government announced it was being scrapped.
A woman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer to fund her lifestyle has been ordered to pay back more than half of the money.
Aberdeen-based engineering firm Aker Solutions has said it is to cut hundreds of jobs as part of a global reorganisation.
A tax authority is considering a new crackdown on the "hidden economy" - the business and personal income of people who buy and sell online.
Do you know what happens when you dig for treasure in the Antarctic?
A song about a pen and an apple fusing has gone viral in Japan, with more than 44m views on Facebook in less than a week.
A rugby player who died after a clash with an opponent suffered a blood clot and bleed on the brain after collapsing on the pitch died from a heart attack, an inquest has heard.
Southampton maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they held Leicester City to a goalless draw at the King Power Stadium.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were two photographers who were both inspired by the graffiti art that was taking place in New York's subway system in the 1980s.
The English Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble at the Lithuania-England Euro 2016 qualifier at the Vytautas Stadium in Vilnius on Saturday.
Newport County chairman David Foxall says the club are "expecting" to be given the right to continue playing at Rodney Parade despite uncertainty over the future of the stadium.
Paul Lawrie has revealed he will have surgery on his foot this winter and is hoping to return to the top of the world rankings next year.
A man who posted "vile" sexual fantasies of women he knew on an adult website has been jailed for six months.
The Irish government's foreign policy counsellor in the 1950s expressed concerns about The Quiet Man because of its depiction of Irish life in the US, newly released documents show.
Three men have been jailed for a total of more than five years for their part in a £800,000 cannabis farm in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent lawyer who was killed in a suspected gangland feud.
Police are investigating online abuse directed at St Helens and Castleford Tigers player Ben Flower after he was banned for punching a player.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore migrant camps by a leading human rights campaigner and a group of academics.
A mobility scooter driver who was caught speeding at more than 100mph on a dual carriageway was taken home by police after being found by a motorist.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first football stadium, the National Stadium, on his first visit to the country.
Shay Logan says he was re-assured by manager Derek McInnes that he would be able to see his children when he signed a new deal at Pittodrie.
A service of remembrance has been held to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Avengers director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, saying he had reached "rock bottom" after receiving "hurtful" abuse from fans and critics.
The organisation that has produced the Moby laptop for poor children in developing nations has been awarded a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of the device.
Car owners can modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright laws, under new rules approved by the US Library of Congress.
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a mild heart attack at the PGA National in Florida, his agent has said.
Australia reached the Women's World Twenty20 final for the first time since 2009 as they beat England by five wickets in a thrilling semi-final in India.
Oil prices have fallen sharply after a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) failed to agree on a deal to cut production.
The Soloist building, the former headquarters of the Irish government's Office of the Attorney General, has been sold.
President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will meet on Wednesday for their first face-to-face meeting since the revelations of the Edward Snowden leaks.
World number one Jason Day won the Honda Classic by a shot to claim his second PGA Tour title of the year with a one-shot victory in Florida.
In the bright afternoon sun, the Red Cross offices in South Sudan's capital, Juba, are a familiar sight: a row of desks, piled high with papers, in a dusty, dusty building, their white doors and windows covered with dust and graffiti.
When a woman was attacked with acid in a car in the Indian city of Mumbai, she was left with a broken jaw and a broken heart.
A police investigation into the deaths of a couple in their 70s in Ballycastle, County Antrim, has been adjourned until Monday.
Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference on Thursday was a re-run of her speech to Conservative MPs in May 2015.
Scotland is to introduce a law to make it mandatory for health boards to have a minimum number of nurses and midwives working in the NHS.
Ukraine's far-right has been the subject of much discussion in the media since the country's parliamentary election in May, with many commentators claiming that the country is free of neo-Nazis and fascists.
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach a deal on austerity measures after talks in Brussels failed to produce a deal, despite a third day of talks.
Doctors treating Ashya King, the five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia who was taken abroad for treatment, have warned his recovery could be at risk.
Dogs could be banned from some public spaces in Wrexham under plans being considered by the council.
Two people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash on the A55 near Bangor in Gwynedd.
Goalkeeper David Carson made a string of fine saves to deny League Two leaders Portsmouth a fourth successive win as Hartlepool held on for a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
A turtle that washed up on a beach in the Isle of Man is being moved to a special tank after vets said it was too ill to be moved back to its home.
Rohit Singh, a 12-year-old boy from a poor family in the northern Indian state of Bihar, is a keen fisherman who spends his days fishing for coins in the Ganges river.
Health experts have called on the government to lower the legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales, as the House of Lords prepares to debate a bill to do so.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for Sian Blake and her two young sons before they were found dead, it has been confirmed.
Motherwell have signed former England Under-21 international midfielder Nigel Pearson on a one-year deal.
A seven-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father had a similar operation has returned to school after a long wait for a new heart.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first female coach in American football to work with their team, with former player and ex-player Kelly Welter joining the coaching staff.
The parties campaigning for Brexit should stop talking about the EU in terms that people "don't understand", a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that the Obama administration paid Iran $400m (£300m) in cash for hostages, after saying he saw a video of the transfer.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw and axe attack at a shopping centre in Belarus, police say, after a man armed with a chainsaws and hammer attacked shoppers.
Former first minister Peter Robinson has denied claims that he and his wife had financial interests in a controversial green energy scheme.
The mayor of Paris has said she is considering suing Fox News over its claims that the city is "totally Muslim" and "is a no-go area" for non-Muslims.
The Bank of England's interest rate-setting Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has decided not to raise interest rates for the first time since June.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will not lose his " hunger" for confrontation when he leads out the one-day side against West Indies in the second of three Tests in Barbados on Friday.
Labour is "fundamentally disagreeing" with voters on the EU and needs to do more to get its message across to them, the party's general secretary Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block at the University of Sussex's new campus in West Sussex have been submitted to the council.
Saracens ran in seven tries as they thrashed Oyonnax to move to the top of their Champions Cup group and set up a home quarter-final against Leicester Tigers.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase for more than 50 minutes after he was caught driving without a licence has been jailed.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Caitlyn Jenner has been named as one of the top 10 influencers in the world of women in a BBC Radio 4 Woman's Hour power list, alongside Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour.
When Choe Choe was appointed as the head of a new hospitality company in Asia, he says he had no idea he would end up running a business that would become one of the world's biggest.
Derby County's poor form continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford at Pride Park.
Glasgow Warriors assistant coach Andy Blair says the club will be working hard to keep the best players in the squad at Scotstoun next season.
Olympic champion cyclist Lizzie Armitstead has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 motorway after falling from a car roof and getting stuck in the fast lane.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Manchester City can still turn things around despite their poor Champions League form, says Sergio Aguero.
Snow and ice has caused disruption to flights and caused travel chaos in parts of northern England, with many schools closed and roads closed.
Archaeologists in the US have discovered what they believe to be the remains of a plague burial pit in the Czech Republic.
A primary school in County Antrim has closed for the day after a man and his two children were seriously injured in a fire.
US airlines Delta and United have become the latest to ban the shipment of trophy-hunting trophies following the controversial killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
The Rugby Football League's chief executive says it is "extremely important" that London Broncos are given a place in Super League.
EU leaders are holding a summit in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis, with Slovakia and Hungary opposing a controversial relocation plan.
A police officer has been arrested over a hoax terror threat which led to the evacuation of officers from their homes in December last year.
A pick-up truck has crashed into a crowd of people watching a Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans, injuring at least 21 people, police say.
Southend has offered a free night in a guesthouse to new TV presenter Michael O'Grady after he called the town a "shit hole" during a recent episode of The Only Way is Essex.
It is not often that you find yourself in the position of being the boss of a company that sells all-natural, healthy snacks in a box that you have never heard of.
Many economists and journalists have a favourite chart.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
 Monarch has said it expects to return to full-year profits after a "significant improvement" in demand following the Paris attacks.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village after he believed he had supplied drugs which killed a teenager.
Tesla has said it will increase production of its cars five-fold over the next two years, after reporting a sharp rise in quarterly losses.
"I've only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on a one-year deal after he turned down a new deal with the Premiership club.
A primary school in South Yorkshire has banned British Bulldog from its playground because of the number of broken bones it generates, according to a head teacher.
Northern Ireland's economic recovery is set to slow further in 2015 and 2016, with growth forecast to be the lowest of the 12 UK regions, according to a report.
"I am deeply saddened and angry that my son's death was not investigated properly and that his family have not been given a fair chance to find out what happened," said the statement published in the Sunday Times on Friday.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a £2.5m dragon sculpture in Wrexham could be extended by five years if councillors approve a £1.5 million extension to the project.
Nottinghamshire head coach Steve Newell says relegation from Division One of the Championship is "not like losing your place in the Premier League in football".
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused by a man accused of being part of a gang who sexually exploited children in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has urged Christians to follow the example of the baby Jesus and live more simply, in his Christmas message to the nation.
A court in China's restive Xinjiang region has begun the trial of prominent Uighur academic Ilham Tohti, who has been charged with separatism.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has been left hanging from a zip wire at the Olympic Games after getting stuck.
Reading and Fulham are both looking for their first league wins of the season as they prepare for a rearranged game at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday.
Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Portugal has been postponed after a car crash on the M1 in County Antrim.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 4-2 defeat by Hull City, and must improve defensively in their next game.
At least nine people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say, in the latest in a series of clashes between gangs and police.
If a school in a small town in the south of England were to announce that it was planning to close its sixth form, there would be a lot of uproar.
The Lion King is among 25 films to be added to the US Library of Congress's National Film and Television Archive (NFC) in New York.
At least 160 people have been killed in a collapse at a church in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
Moeen Ali says England will have to improve on their form in the summer Tests against India if they are to beat New Zealand and Australia.
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former royal aide has told a court she is "not fantasising" about the abuse.
Ireland suffered a crushing eight-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in their second one-day international in India as the hosts were beaten by eight wickets in the Intercontinental Cup match.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new contract with the club.
A 15-year-old boy who was on the run after a knife attack at a school in which two people were injured has been arrested.
Raith Rovers' hopes of a top-six finish suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has warned that professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the 2016 Olympics.
Hundreds of people have attended a service in London to mark Anzac Day, which commemorates the sacrifices of Australian and New Zealand soldiers who fought in the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran, in what is seen as a significant escalation of the US's policy towards Tehran.
The number of GCSE entries for this year's exams has fallen slightly, but there has been a rise in the number of students taking the exams for the first time in Wales.
The government has announced the shortlist of companies bidding for the next two rail franchises in the north of England.
Four people have been rescued from the water after a speedboat capsized off the coast of Torbay.
Victims of institutional child abuse are to be asked to give evidence to an inquiry into historical abuse in Northern Ireland.
Intel has reported a drop in third-quarter profits as the firm continues to struggle with a slowdown in its PC business.
The UK is to explore whether it can offer more help to Indonesia and Malaysia in tackling Islamist extremism during a visit to the region, the prime minister has said.
The Welsh government is to lend £5.5m to help boost the economy by building new airports, training centres and transport projects.
A mother who left a letter for another mother after she dropped her shopping in the supermarket has said she was inspired by a mother-of-two online to write one for herself.
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
A change to maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness is to be introduced earlier than planned.
Scotland's new curriculum for secondary schools will improve standards, the education secretary has said, as children returned to school.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold for £14,000 at auction.
When Leanne Wood was a teenager she was working in a factory in the Rhondda Valley, making a few pounds a day.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow could rise if the government goes ahead with a third runway, but could fall if the airport gets cleaner cars and electric vehicles, a study suggests.
The Davis Cup final between Great Britain and Belgium will go ahead as planned despite the terror threat in Belgium, says the Belgian Tennis Federation (FTF).
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana's main airport after it overshot the runway and collided with it, officials say.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a Brighton man who was found dead in his flat in 2011.
Katherine Sugden has been appointed as the new justice minister for Northern Ireland.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the club's takeover by a private equity firm.
Japanese prosecutors are to file charges against the country's biggest advertising agency over the death of a young employee who worked excessive overtime, reports say.
It was the worst start to a season in English football you can have.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and novelist Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians are so careless about maintenance.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while taking part in a charity bike ride in north Wales.
Permian and Khalidi will be added to the field for the Derby at Epsom after the race was expanded from 14 to 16 runners for the 2017 race.
UK manufacturing activity fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey, suggesting the sector is continuing to lose momentum.
Five people have been killed in an attack on a bar in the Malian capital, Bamako, in what French officials say was a "cowardly" attack.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season, but will return to the club at the age of 34.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager after the former England captain announced he is to return to Anfield as a coach.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker Kevin Morrison on a one-year deal.
The number of people attending UK sports events in 2015 rose by 1.5 million to more than 60 million, according to new figures from Deloitte.
A woman who had to have 10 teeth removed after a dentist at a clinic in Hungary put them in implants has said she feels "butchered and robbed of her life savings".
Italian captain Francesco Schettino has been jailed for 12 years for causing the sinking of the Costa Concordia by deliberately changing course to perform a risky night-time sail-past to please passengers.
Great Britain's Olympic team of 25 medal winners at London 2012 was the most successful in the history of the Games, with the country's best ever haul of medals.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could be the next Ronda Rousey, according to Welsh mixed martial arts fighter Brett Johns.
A group of people in uniform have been photographed in Brighton as part of a project by photographer and artist Chris Strand Collective.
Worcestershire batsman Liam Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.
The operator of the Wales and Borders franchise is to increase services into Cardiff Central from Barry and Radyr.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango technology and a modular handset that can be fitted with other parts.
Hundreds of people are marching through the centre of the Latvian capital, Riga, in a procession that has become a symbol of national pride.
Preparations are being made to protect areas of north Wales from flooding after heavy rain caused by Storm Desmond.
A Brazilian judge has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, in a corruption probe.
Sir Roger Moore has spoken about how a Hollywood dialogue coach helped him to overcome his English language difficulties in a new film.
Theresa May's letter to the European Council president, which lays out the government's plans for Brexit, has been a source of much controversy in Wales.
British troops will be sent to Somalia to help fight Islamist militants and help maintain peace in South Sudan, David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
A fishing vessel captain has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died after falling ill when he was trapped in a compartment with a petrol pump on board.
A north Wales MP has said he will treat a UK government proposal to allow English and Welsh MPs to vote on English laws with " caution".
Police have said a discovery of a large cache of weapons and explosives in a County Antrim forest has "saved lives".
At least 35 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, police say.
A chronology of key events:..
Wales striker Sam Vokes says his side can take confidence from their recent results into Saturday's World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
Former US football star O.J. Simpson has begun a hearing in Las Vegas to seek a new trial for a 2007 robbery in which he was convicted of kidnapping andabilia theft.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County on a two-year contract.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping and will be allowed to race in the Tour de France after being cleared by the Czech Olympic Committee.
The inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people by the IRA's Stakeknife unit is to be held in Northern Ireland, but the family of one of the victims have said they are not happy about the way it is being handled.
Tesco has apologised after a picture of a man pulling carrots on an organic farm was used in a supermarket's online ad campaign.
It was supposed to be a moment that would change the world - a Facebook townhall in California, a chance for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to meet the founder of the social network and his chief executive Mark Zuckerberg.
Former Scotland boss Alex McLeish has been appointed as the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek.
Eritrea has described a UN report that accused it of human rights abuses as "unfounded and devoid of all merit" as "an attack on civilised society".
A bus driver has been suspended after a video of a street fight which saw a man thrown into the path of a moving vehicle was posted on social media.
Angharad Rees, the Welsh actress best known for her role in the BBC's Poldark, has died aged 69 after a long illness.
A new law should be introduced to encourage the use of a new form of community heating to cut energy bills and cut carbon emissions, according to a group of environmental and energy experts.
People who leave rubbish outside their bins for more than a week could face a £100 fine if they do not stop.
The family of a student who died in a car crash have said they are "extremely proud" of her achievements after she was awarded a top grade in her life sciences degree.
The rise of the internet and the internet-based holiday industry is driving up the number of tourists in Europe, and some places are struggling to cope.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of severe weather conditions in Wales.
The Indian Premier League starts on Monday, 25 April with the opening match between Mumbai Indians and Kings XI Punjab at the iconic Lord's Stadium in London.
Google has said it has made a significant leap in its efforts to use balloons to beam internet connectivity across the world.
Plans to turn a former Ministry of Defence depot in Shropshire into a major new shopping centre could create up to 500 new jobs, a council has said.
More than 1,000 drugs have been seized in Belfast since a police campaign against the sale of illegal drugs began last year, figures have shown.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself in a "suicidal rage", an inquest has heard.
The body of a man has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Glasgow.
Work permits for EU citizens living in the UK would cut the number of people coming to the country by up to 100,000 a year, a report suggests.
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU air quality rules after admitting it had not done enough to consult on plans to cut pollution, the High Court has heard.
A judge in the US city of Baltimore has granted a new hearing in the case of Adnan Syed, the subject of a popular podcast.
Three pieces of gold jewellery have been found in Scunthorpe and Brigg after a treasure hunt for a piece of Viking jewellery.
A businessman who allowed a man with learning difficulties to drown while trying to retrieve golf balls from a lake has been jailed for manslaughter.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says Fernando Llorente is comparable to the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and John Terry in terms of his aerial ability.
Stormont's political deadlock over the budget means that the next financial year will not start until the end of July.
The father of a toddler who is being held in Iran with his wife, who has been detained for more than a month, is to hold a birthday party for her later.
US scientists have begun the first human-pig experiments in a bid to create organs that are genetically identical.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down, despite the opposition's calls for him to.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous books in the world but why did the author of To Kill aMockingbird stop writing?
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have Christmas lights put up this year because of a £1.5m budget cut.
French club Marseille have confirmed the sale of the club to American businessman Frank McCourt, who will buy them from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Sir Chris Hoy will carry the British flag at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics on Friday after being voted in as Team GB's flag bearer.
A judge has ordered the father of a woman who was taken from her home in Wales to Saudi Arabia against her will to allow her to return to the UK.
Mae'r llwybr yn Ail Ryfel Byd yn ymgyrch gan Ail Y Drenewydd yn dilyn ymgynogion yn fwy o bleidleisiau yn Sir Conwy y
MPs representing English constituencies will be able to vote on laws that only apply in England under plans to be debated in the House of Commons next month.
A study by a Hong Kong law professor has found that ethnic minorities in the city are still being denied equal access to education because of language barriers.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has passed legislation to introduce a new rate of corporation tax for Northern Ireland, but the political crisis has put a serious question mark over the future of the proposal.
Plans to expand Oxford's bus and cycle park and ride service have been unveiled.
A gay rights group in Russia says it is trying to evacuate gay people from the Chechnya region of the North Caucasus, where it says they are being tortured and killed in a crackdown.
Lewis Hamilton says he will be "urgently" looking to make up ground on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Russia has announced that it will require bloggers to register with the government, in a move critics say is aimed at curbing freedom of speech.
Spanish police have broken up a ring that allegedly used Chinese nationals to work as domestic workers without ever carrying out the job they were hired for, officials say.
German police are investigating the stabbing of two people on a train in the German city of Stuttgart, in what police say was a "terrorist attack".
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the club if they were to re-appoint him as head coach.
Mo Farah's bid to win a second gold medal at the World Championships ended in defeat as he was beaten in his final 5,000m race at the London Stadium.
David Cameron's son's death prepared his wife for becoming prime minister, she has said, saying it made her "understand" the impact of his illness.
Two elderly women have been conned out of £1,000 by conmen who used their computers to trick them into giving out their banking details, police have said.
The Catholic priest, Fr Alec Reid, who was pictured praying over the bodies of two British soldiers killed by the IRA in 1988, has died.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his players "will not be satisfied" with a Champions League semi-final place after they reached the last eight for the first time.
Farmers in Wales are considering joining forces to try to improve the way they deal with milk processors.
A woman and a toddler have died after a crash involving three children on the M25 in Berkshire.
Fifa has passed new rules to tackle racism in football, with Sepp Blatter saying it will be "the defining moment" in the sport's history.
Hartlepool United have appointed former Crewe Alexandra and Crewe midfielder Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex.
A vicar at Leeds Cathedral has been arrested on suspicion of rape.
Wales' Nigel Owens says he will continue refereeing after his World Cup final role, but will not be taking part in the 2019 World Cup.
Four Israelis have been charged over the beating of a Palestinian man who died after being shot by security forces in October.
Brazil have called up Kaka for the World Cup qualifier against Ecuador in Rio on Saturday.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the third time in four years with a comfortable victory over Birmingham City.
Mae Ofcom wedi dweud bod cynnig eu cynnigs o drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol mewn 30 ardal yn y DU cyn yr ail rownd o drryddedu gael eu cyhoeddi
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of the Police Scotland control room at the Police Service of Scotland's headquarters in Inverness.
A man has denied attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire, leaving him with a permanent disfigurement.
Two Labour AMs are hoping to become the first to try to ban letting agency fees for private rented accommodation in Wales.
Doctors should give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery, under new guidance from the UK's medical watchdog.
Colin Kazim-Richards scored the only goal as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time in seven years with victory over Arsenal at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys may have to make a trade-off between having a big voice and a big penis to attract and keep a mate.
Christina Rees has been appointed as the new shadow Welsh secretary by Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker who exposed Hillary Clinton's private email account has been sentenced to three years in prison in the US.
Cardiff Central railway station will be closed for a week to allow for a test run of a new "truck stunt" event to be held before the Champions League final.
The chair of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has said she wants to hear from as many as 1,000 people who have experienced abuse in care.
A shopkeeper in India who was filmed trying to stop a man from attacking a politician in a Mumbai shop has told the BBC he has received death threats.
Targets to get all children in Wales by the age of seven speaking Welsh by 2020 will be set by the Welsh government.
A man who was left paralysed after a brain haemorrhage after being mistreated by three nurses has been given a warning for his care.
A giant teddy bear, a giant tarantula and a giant rabbit have been among items left in recycling bins in Surrey to help the county meet its recycling target.
US President Donald Trump has predicted a "big effect" on the French presidential election after the deadly attack on the Champs-Elysees shopping area in Paris on Thursday.
A US soldier accused of killing his wife and wounding two other people in Afghanistan has been charged with murder, and his lawyer has said he believes the attack may have been caused by post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
BBC Radio 1 DJ James Dacre has been awarded an honorary degree from Norwich University, where he studied at the same time as Radio 1's Chris Evans.
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £1.5m grant from the Manx government to help it improve the state of the island's beaches.
Britain's James Ward produced a stunning final-set comeback to stun the United States and level the Davis Cup quarter-final at 2-2 after a gripping first day of the tie against the Americans.
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of East Sussex in the UK.
A man who tried to smuggle heroin worth more than £3,000 into a prison by stuffing it into his mouth has been jailed for three years and four months.
Lectures were moved from a Cardiff University campus after a controlled explosion was carried out on chemicals stored in a storage unit.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau has set a new record for 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has unveiled a new exhibition of his work on the Greek island of Lesbos, which includes more than 1,000 new works of art.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to give evidence to a parliamentary committee for the first time since the report was published.
Mae'r rheithgor wedi cyhoeddi ei lladd gan a'r ffaith ei saethu gyda Taser yn y gorffennol yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl iddo g
The value of the pound against the US dollar has fallen to a new low in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Civil servants who whistle-blow are still not given adequate protection from the government, MPs have said, calling for more to be done to encourage whistleblowing.
Sydney's iconic Opera House has been switched off for Earth Hour, as part of a global campaign to highlight the importance of green energy.
Thousands of people have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, the US student who died after being held in a coma in North Korea for more than a year and then returned to the US.
Northern Ireland's Stephen Maguire says he was "embarrassed" after admitting he "never showed up" for his first-round World Championship match and was "not even trying".
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been left "humiliated" after her Christian Democrats (CDU) suffered a humiliating defeat in a regional election, with voters angry at her refugee policy.
The number of people dying from tobacco-related diseases around the world has risen by more than 10% in the past 25 years, according to a new report.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said the sport is "not good enough" and blamed the new qualifying system for the lack of excitement in the sport.
Steel company Tata has been fined more than £1m for breaching health and safety rules after a chemical was released at its works in Rotherham.
The leaders of Northern Ireland's four main political parties are meeting in London later to discuss a deal to form a government.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour and his bodyguards have been shot dead in Pakistan, the Pakistani Taliban say, in the first such incident since his appointment last month.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a revenge attack.
A man who was found dead and his former partner seriously injured in a house fire was stabbed to death, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested after a man was seriously injured in a disturbance in Glasgow city centre.
A "bubble match" between Chester and Wrexham was held on Saturday, with police saying it was "not a problem" despite a number of disturbances.
Championship side Leeds United have signed midfielder Tomasz Klich from Polish side FC Warsaw on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A second paint attack on a County Antrim town hall in the past month has been reported to police.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing its embassy for three years in a row over Julian Assange.
The Arab world is moving towards a new round of peace talks in Syria, with Saudi Arabia, Russia and Iran leading the way, and the US and UK also taking a leading role.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims that Algeria's goalball team has failed to turn up for their first two matches at the Rio Paralympics.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach its shores, after the New York Times described it as "inhumane".
Plans to move a tennis court at the home of the Queen and Prince Philip have been submitted to a council.
Local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for Syrian refugees, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man has been assaulted in the early hours of the morning in west Belfast.
The UK is to build the European mission to the Sun, which will be the first probe to study the Solar System's atmosphere from space.
It's been a long time coming, but it seems the time has finally arrived.
The Northern Ireland economy has grown in the second quarter of the year, according to the latest official figures.
The sound of rowing is heard across Scotland every morning as the sound of the water fills the air and the rowing boats take to the water.
Nationwide has reported a fall in its mortgage lending, as it said a "softening" in the buy-to-let market led to a fall of more than £100m in the first quarter of the year.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian military jet by Turkish forces in Syria last month has opened the box of the plane's flight recorder.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson as their overseas player for the 2017 season.
A six-year-old boy is in hospital after a barbecue was thrown on to his foot and burned his foot, his mother has said.
Labour's EU referendum campaign could be the "suicide note" of the party's history, a senior MP is to warn.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Sepp Blatter's final words as Fifa president were a tearful "I am sorry for football" as he was forced to apologise for his part in a corruption scandal that led to the biggest-ever Fifa investigation.
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida, a year after a toddler was killed by an alligator in the Magic Kingdom.
Michael Gove has said he accepts that Theresa May sacked him from the cabinet because she no longer had a place for him in the cabinet.
Scotland's top law officer has called for the UK to remain a "fully committed and active participant" in EU law enforcement agencies Europol and Eurojust.
A court in India has adjourned the trial of Bollywood star Salman Khan for a week to decide whether to grant bail to him over a car crash in 2002 in which a man was killed.
Residents of a new garden city in Oxfordshire have said they are "disappointed" that their new homes do not have superfast broadband.
An Australian man who helped seven men travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group has said he is "really, really sorry" for what he has done.
GPs in England are being forced to run 10-minute consultations with patients because of "unsafe" workloads, the British Medical Association has warned.
Craft distilleries are "taking over" the spirits market in England and Scotland, with big drinks giants buying up new distillerie brands to compete with them, according to a report.
The Welsh Government could lose £50m a year in income if it is set to rely on London property tax revenues to fund its budget, a report has claimed.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has announced that the Sewol ferry that sank in April will be raised and the remains of the vessel will be found.
A man who was shot dead by police after tying up his children and threatening to kill himself was "trying to kill his wife", an inquest has heard.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are in a three-way tie for the lead after the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in South Carolina.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
Parks in the UK are at a "tipping point" because of cuts to local authorities' budgets, a report by MPs has warned.
A year after his election as India's prime minister, Narendra Modi has continued to use social media to strengthen his personal and foreign relations with world leaders.
A book borrowed by a Herefordshire school's first class honours student more than 100 years ago has been returned to the school after being found in a collection of his family's personal items.
Hull City striker Lewis Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
A Sicilian woman has died after two foetuses were killed when a hospital refused to abort them, a prosecutor has said.
Pop group Duran Duran are suing a fan club company for unpaid fees, the band has said in a court filing in the US.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" after his victory over Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters, and admitted he was bored at times during his straight-set win over the American.
A man who raped a woman in 2002 and then failed to take action against him has been jailed for 12 years.
Work has begun on a major upgrade to Scotland's largest container terminal, which is set to double its capacity.
A invasive plant that is out-competing bluebells in parts of the Highlands and Islands has been declared a "thug" by the government.
Arsenal Football Club owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the removal of content on an app that promotes trophy hunting after it was criticised for showing footage of animals killed for sport.
A man who sent "inappropriate" messages to a 12-year-old girl after meeting her for a night out has been jailed.
A man in his 20s has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
A man who died after getting into difficulty trying to rescue his dog off the coast of Kent has been named by police.
A man who stabbed a man in the chest with a meat cleaver in a case of mistaken identity has had his life sentence quashed at the Old Bailey.
Former Aberdeen and Rangers midfielder Jim Watson has been appointed assistant to the Scotland coaching team following the departure of Mark McCall.
A team of police officers will be sent to Northern Ireland to investigate any crimes against Syrian refugees who arrive in Belfast.
A driving instructor who caused the death of a woman in a crash while taking a speed awareness course has been jailed.
Belgian Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in three days as he attacked twice to take the overall lead.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) are not confident about reporting hate crimes, according to a charity.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a cyclist was hit and killed by a car.
Barcelona striker Neymar has appeared in court in Spain to give evidence in a fraud case brought by a Brazilian investment fund, which claims the club concealed part of the transfer of the Brazilian player.
Voters in a Hull constituency who received ballot papers without the names of their preferred candidates have been given new ones.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams' final game for the national side was a "fitting end" to a "fantastic career".
It's not often you see Russell Brand talking about his former team-mate Paul Gascoigne on the BBC.
A gas company is threatening to take legal action against the National Trust after it was refused permission to carry out a shale gas survey on its land.
Eight men have been arrested after police raided a number of properties in a drugs operation in the West Midlands.
Manchester City have signed England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for a fee that could rise to £50m.
A racoon was rescued from the roof of a house after escaping from a neighbouring property and spending three days on the roof.
A dog has been stolen in a break-in at a pet shop in Flintshire.
A Rwandan court has sentenced a former Rwandan politician to life in prison for ordering the mass murder of thousands of people during the country's genocide.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying in the UK if the UK votes to leave the EU, a survey suggests.
A father who allowed his 14-year-old daughter to marry a man he believed was a rapist has been jailed for five years.
The makers of the hit podcast Serial are to make a TV series based on the story of the case that made it a hit last year.
A cross-party commission is to examine whether the current council tax system is fair and whether there are alternatives that would be fairer.
Hundreds of hens which were bought for sale by supermarkets are being rehomed by a charity after being found unable to lay eggs.
Hull FC have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a one-year deal.
A man's remains found in a lay-by were not those of a murder victim, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has said he will not return to coaching after his current contract expires at the end of the season.
A genetic flaw in a gene linked to a greater risk of stroke and heart attacks has been identified by scientists.
A teenager has appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged with helping a teenager who was later shot dead by police in an attack described as a terror attack.
Google has announced that it is to stop making its Glass wearable technology.
A bomb has been found in County Armagh which prompted a security alert in the area.
The African Union has voted to call for a six-month delay in its decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC), after a heated debate at its summit in Ethiopia.
Saudi King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus, in a move that has been widely expected.
A Scottish farming and retail company has reported a rise in profits despite a fall in turnover and the impact of Brexit.
US President Donald Trump has said he may ask special counsel Robert Mueller to step down from the inquiry into alleged Russian interference in the US election.
The government should consider changing the rules around term-time holidays after a High Court ruling that a father who took his daughter on a Disney World holiday did not break the law, a senior MP has said.
Burundi's main opposition leader, Pierre Rwasa, has said his wife was shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura, in what he called a "terrorist attack".
The UK's biggest mobile networks are to meet the government later to discuss the future of 4G services.
Two members of a banned Islamist group have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Plans to create two new divisions in English football have been unveiled in a bid to boost the number of teams in the country's top three divisions.
The Scottish curry industry has said it is "inconceivable" that the government's immigration rules are preventing it from recruiting top chefs from India.
England captain Chris Robshaw says his side's discipline was "shocking" as they were beaten by France in their final World Cup warm-up game in Paris.
A Canadian government-ordered recall of a popular gin has been issued after inspectors found that a batch had an alcohol content that was more than three times higher than advertised.
Scottish boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering a head injury during a fight, his partner has said.
Daimler has said it will fix software in its Mercedes-Benz cars to fix software that could have been used to manipulate emissions data.
Scientists have developed a new type of cement that is much better at trapping radioactive waste from nuclear reactors.
Muckamore and Muckamores clinched promotion to the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup semi-finals on Sunday after victories over Bready and CIYMS respectively.
A football player has pleaded guilty to having an offensive weapon after allegedly threatening to cut the throat of Clacton fans during a match.
A group of leading writers have announced they will boycott a PEN awards ceremony in protest at the organisation's decision to give an award to French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
The NHS in England is still spending more than £1bn a year on agency staff despite a cap on the amount it pays them, figures show.
Up to 100 jobs are at risk at a County Antrim window manufacturer, according to a union.
Poundland's chief executive, Paul McCarthy, has been at the discount retailer for three times in the past five years, and he's been to the store three times.
Two children and a man have been taken to hospital after a car crashed through a barrier and landed on its roof on an island above a road.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man in a flat in west Belfast.
A new contraceptive device that is much more affordable and effective than conventional jabs is to be rolled out in more than 70 countries in Africa.
The police ombudsman is to resume investigations into more than 100 historical complaints against the PSNI.
Police in Australia are investigating alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL), the country's governing body of rugby league.
High winds have caused disruption to travel in Wales after a day of disruption caused by Storm Desmond.
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river, killing four soldiers during a training exercise, the army has said.
Former US federal prosecutor Michael Garcia was the man who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup to Russia and Qatar.
The Ospreys ended their season with a bonus-point win over Connacht in their final Pro12 game as they secured a fifth-place finish in the table.
Billy Russell was seriously injured when he crashed his car in a race in 2014, losing both his legs in a crash.
A Sunderland music shop that became a community hub for independent artists and musicians has closed after the city council sold its building.
Luton Town have offered new deals to goalkeeper Liam King and defenders Jack Potts and Jack Pottinger after releasing five players following their relegation from League Two.
Algeria have confirmed the signing of French striker Karim Benzia from Lyon on a three-year deal.
England netball players will be paid to play after the Superleague announced they will be given central contracts from next season.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on 8 May to elect their preferred candidate to be the next police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimics the ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells has shown promising early signs of effectiveness in treating ovarian cancer, say researchers.
Police investigating the disappearance of missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of her buying a pizza on the night she disappeared.
They were one of the most notorious pop-trance groups of the 1990s, but The KLF made their comeback on Wednesday after announcing they were quitting the music industry in 1994.
Formula 1 test driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after undergoing surgery following a crash during testing.
A fire has broken out at a derelict building in Glasgow's harbour area.
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to be the next US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from going to China for further education, amid fears they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of leading his side out of the Championship for the first time in their history is "frightening" and "exciting".
A group of Scottish soldiers are to be sent to Afghanistan for the first time since the last British combat troops left the country in 2014.
Laura Pergolizzi, who's known as LP, was once so desperate for a solo career that she considered giving up on music altogether.
Sergio Aguero scored his first Premier League goal of the season as Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move back into second place with a stunning victory at Etihad Stadium.
Former British middleweight champion Chris Blackwell's trainer, David Wilkins, has been banned for two years for his role in a sparring session with a boxer who later suffered a brain injury.
A mother who died in the Hillsborough disaster tried to find her son after the disaster by picking her out from a Polaroid photograph, the inquests have heard.
A robot designed by a student to help him learn how to program a computer is to be part of a new festival of design and technology.
League Two side Cambridge United will host Manchester United in the FA Cup fourth round after the two sides were drawn to play each other in the third round.
Manny Smith, Chris Hogan, Danny Smith and Michael Mafuta have all been given new deals with National League side Gateshead, while midfielder Sean O'Donnell has been released.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is hopeful that striker Sergio Aguero will be fit to face Liverpool after missing the defeat by Monaco because of a back problem.
Barrow manager Kevin Cox has left the National League club by mutual consent after just two years in charge.
A beekeeper died after a bee stung his neck, a coroner has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to claim a dramatic 5-5 draw against Torquay United in the National League.
Mark Lawan's two daughters were among more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram militants in April 2014, and he and his wife were forced to flee their home in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok, where they were held captive by the Islamist militant group.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise some forms of domestic violence, including smacking children, in a move that could lead to fewer murders and more prosecutions.
The UK government is facing a legal claim from five Kenyans who say it tortured them during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s, which was the first major uprising against British rule in Africa.
Ross County centre-back Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile while helping to remove the reptile from a waterway in Australia's Northern Territory.
England's Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering concussion during the first day of the match.
The boss of Nissan has defended the Japanese carmaker's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics, saying it was the "right decision".
A project to save native crayfish from extinction in Wales has been hailed as a success.
A fire at a McDonald's restaurant in a London restaurant has been put out after it was evacuated from O2 Arena during an Elvis Presley exhibition.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to receive a boost at the North American box office following its success at the Oscars, with the film set to be released on more screens.
A New York state lawmaker has called for an investigation into why a cloud of "inky water" that appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last year was caused by a "routine" water treatment process.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea has backed Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings to stay at the club beyond the end of the season, saying it would be "virtually impossible" to replace them.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics will take place in Norway from Friday, 7 February to Sunday, 9 February.
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group in a row over the future of a former Kent airport.
The exams regulator Ofqual has been accused of failing to properly apply its own rules on the way GCSEs are graded, according to a report.
At least 11 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen, officials and residents say.
Bethlehem is celebrating Christmas Eve, the day when the Nativity story is told.
North Wales Police is among three Welsh police forces that "requires improvement" in annual assessments by inspectors.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has thanked his make-up artist for his Oscar-nominated Oscar-winning performance in a film he made with him in 2015.
An anonymous donor has paid for the treatment of a terminally ill five-year-old boy who needs a third transplant, his mother has said.
Air France-KLM and KLM have lost their appeal against fines of €280m (£200m) imposed by the European Commission for allegedly violating EU rules on emissions.
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says the club will not relax despite their recent good form.
Thousands of people are being evacuated from besieged rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a UN-Russian deal to end the conflict in the city.
It's been a year of great anticipation and then of great disappointment for the people of Cuba.
Marseille have been bought by American billionaire Frank McCourt, who has bought the French club for an undisclosed sum.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured some stunning images of the Earth from space, showing the Northern Lights, the Milky Way and the Milky way among other sights.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of neglect after her baby son died and her toddler daughter was left in a flat with the dead body of her partner for three days, and then left to die herself.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
A southern bypass could be considered for a proposed £2bn road upgrade around Stonehenge, the BBC has learned.
When Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths was asked to explain why he had ordered captain Alex Borthwick to miss a key fixture of the season, he did not mince his words.
Myanmar's security forces have killed and raped women and children and burned down hundreds of homes in a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya Muslim minority, the UN says.
A burst water pipe has caused disruption to schools and homes in a town, with people in parts of Derby reporting brown water coming from their taps.
Guernsey boss Gary Vance says his side's FA Cup tie against England was a game they "could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six nations" that need to be "root out" in the wake of the doping scandal in Russia, says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government has been urged to review its counter-terrorism strategy after the deaths of three British schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join militants.
ITV soap Emmerdale is to launch a series of tours of its "special" outside set, following the success of Coronation Street's tours.
A number of teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry have taken part in a walkout on Friday.
Cesare Girolamo's vineyard in the hills of Sicily is a picturesque oasis of green, with a vineyard full of vines and a small winery where he makes wine.
The BBC is testing a way to control iPlayer programmes using your brainwaves.
An augmented reality experience for visitors to a major Celtic festival is to be launched later this year.
Northern Ireland's former Olympic track cyclist Lizzie Houvenaghel has retired from cycling, a decade after winning a silver medal at the Beijing Games.
Wimbledon will play on Sunday, the middle Sunday of the 2017 season, after the tournament was forced to move it back to Saturday because of bad weather.
Italian police have arrested 15 people for allegedly defrauding the fire service out of money to start wildfires in the heatwave, as they investigate a team of volunteers who were accused of starting them.
The number of sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the past year, the NSPCC has said.
The US was warned of a possible plot to smuggle explosives into the cabin of a US-bound airliner by a tip-off from an informant, US media report.
North Korea has claimed to have miniaturised its nuclear weapons to the size of a suitcase, South Korea's defence ministry has said.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time since the conflict began in April, the Ukrainian military says.
Richard Keogh's first-half header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby Town in their first game back in the Championship.
A woman who was acquitted of killing her son in 1990 has lost a bid for a retrial for the killing of his father.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told it must improve after inspectors found it had "unrelenting demand" for emergency services and a lack of staff.
Huddersfield Town moved to the top of the Championship as Aaron Mooy's second-half strike gave them victory at Leeds United.
A BBC journalist has accused the corporation of "corruption and poor management" in a disciplinary tribunal, a tribunal has heard.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in the west end of Glasgow.
A search for a group of climbers missing on Mount Rainier in the US state of Washington has been suspended after the search for them was called off.
Striker Scott Weatherson scored twice as Queen of the South beat Scottish League One side Dundee United to reach the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in Australia since 2003 suffered a blow as Australia snatched a dramatic late win in Melbourne to level the three-match series.
The former chairman of Tata Sons has launched a scathing attack on the Tata Group, accusing the board of "irreparably damaging" the company and its management.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert are "scared" and "afraid" of the terror attacks in Paris as they prepare to play at the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 for staging a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in May 2015.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has been told by manager Jose Mourinho to "listen to me" and not his agent after reports linking him with a move to Sevilla.
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the US presidency for a second time, after deciding not to run for the Republican nomination in 2012.
Juan Mata's brilliant display helped Chelsea to a comfortable win over Sunderland at Sunderland to move them up to third in the Premier League.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the "sure capability" to attack the US in the Pacific, after it successfully tested a new ballistic missile.
(Close): The London market closed higher after Standard Chartered said it would raise $1.5bn (£1.1bn) by issuing shares in its US unit and cutting 15,000 jobs.
A man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died days after being granted bail.
The number of Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans - a vast and densely-populated area of forest in south-east India and Bangladesh - has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus is set to miss the rest of the season after fracturing a metatarsal bone in his first start for the club in the 1-1 draw at Vitality Stadium.
The three board members of Sport NI have resigned from the organisation following a meeting on Monday.
A piece of malware that infects and infects home routers and other smart devices is helping to keep them safer from cyber-attack, a security firm has said.
The violence that erupted at the end of the Bundesliga match between the top two teams in Germany's top flight was the worst to hit the sport in the country since the end in 1990 of the Cold War.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for more than three hours following a crash.
Mexico has sacked Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, who was in charge of the country's foreign policy during Donald Trump's visit to the country last month.
The battle for Tal Afar is the biggest military operation in Iraq since the battle for Mosul, and it is likely to be the most complex.
Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Charlton came from behind to draw with Fleetwood and deny the League One leaders a first win in five games.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust chairman David Brown says the club's shareholders should not think their takeover offer from a major investor is their only chance of success.
A turtle has been filmed on a remote reef in Queensland, Australia, to help scientists learn why so many of its relatives are dying.
Kyle Wootton's late equaliser denied Scunthorpe United victory over Port Vale as they were held to a draw at Vale Park.
Ipswich Town ended their League One season with victory over MK Dons thanks to goals from Josh Revell and Tom Varney.
Former Fifa world football player George Weah has won Liberia's senate election, the first since the country's first female president was elected in 2005.
England's Tommy Fleetwood missed out on a second successive title as he lost a play-off to Bernd Wiesberger at the WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies have signed Netherlands defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating on one-year deals.
Bonfire makers have said they are unhappy that thousands of pallets of bonfire material have been dumped in a car park in Belfast.
A dictionary of the words used in Roald Dahl's children's books has been published, including words he never used himself.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has welcomed TVR's decision to build its new sports car in Ebbw Vale, saying it is a "great boost" for the Welsh economy.
Lewis Hamilton said he was "disappointed and frustrated" after a "really bad" performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix left him in a poor position to finish sixth.
(Close): The London market rose, with Royal Mail and RBS leading the way after the regulator ruled out any new price controls on the company.
Ards have won a replay against Portadown after the Irish FA upheld a one-match ban handed to the Premiership club for the ineligible player, David Garrett.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent, the air accident branch of the UK's air accident investigation agency has said.
A former treasurer at the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for stealing £20,000 from the club.
Astronomers have detected a further nine "monster" stars in a tiny region of space, thanks to the Hubble space telescope.
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico stadium for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about Mario Balotelli during a derby match last month.
Oscar Threlkeld and Craig Tanner scored as Plymouth beat Crawley to go top of League Two and end the Red Devils' unbeaten start to the season.
US media giant Discovery Communications has agreed to buy Scripps Networks Interactive for $14.6bn (£10.4bn) in a deal that would create the largest US cable TV company.
QPR have denied reports that Steven Caulker was involved in a fight at a Sunday lunch with his team-mates after he suffered a head injury.
Barbara Streisand has said she has been granted permission to change the pronunciation of her name on Apple's Siri virtual assistant.
At least two people have been killed and at least 20 injured in a protest in Cairo after a man was shot dead by a policeman, the interior ministry says.
A drug company that was criticised for increasing the price of a drug by 5,000% in August has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "lighter" after scoring his first goal in more than two months to help his side to their first win of the season.
An Air France plane carrying more than 300 passengers was diverted to a Scottish airport after a "slight smell of burning on board" following an Air France flight from Paris to Canada.
Children's teeth in Wales are still lagging behind those in England and Northern Ireland, according to the latest Welsh Government survey of children's health.
The Ulster Bank has said the strong performance of Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors has been boosted by a weaker pound.
Developers behind a £1bn redevelopment of Manchester city centre, including former England footballers Gary Neville and Phil Neville, have revised their plan to build a hotel and flats.
A motorcyclist has died after his bike left the road and hit a tree in South Yorkshire.
Former Crusaders and Shelbourne defender Stephen Callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of Carrick Rangers.
A man who shook a three-month-old baby so hard he suffered a "catastrophic" brain injury has been jailed for six years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open.
Police investigating the disappearance of a schoolgirl in Leicestershire have said they are treating her disappearance as murder.
Chester produced a superb display to thrash Dagenham and Redbridge and move into the National League play-off places.
Bristol City have signed defender Luke Wood from fellow League Two side Grimsby Town on a two-year deal after his contract with the National League club expired.
The number of people voting in England's local elections has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, with turnout in some areas at a record low.
Cardiff Blues have signed Wales Under-20 international Matthew Morgan from Bristol on a two-year deal.
Crawley Town's Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City striker Peter Crouch's future is "not in doubt" despite speculation linking him with a move to West Bromwich Albion, says manager Mark Hughes.
A painting by Andy Warhol of Chairman Mao, one of the most famous of the artist's series of portraits of the Chinese leader, is to be auctioned in Hong Kong.
Plans for a £50m house designed by former footballer Sir Alex Ferguson have been approved by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of the 1999 Oscar-nominated film mermaid film The mermaid story, according to reports.
A series of sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to honour the pioneering female pilot Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said the government could "reset" its fiscal policy in the Autumn Statement, if necessary, in the light of the economy's "slowdown".
A new light festival is to be held in London next year, following the success of the Durham version which attracted more than 200,000 people last year.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in their second game at the World League Semi-Final in Glasgow and secure a second win in three days.
A council has taken its battle with a father who took his daughter on a term-time holiday to the Supreme Court after losing a previous legal battle over unauthorised absences.
A teenager who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike has been described as "like the Tasmanian devil" by her parents.
A US soldier who led a fightback against Taliban fighters in Afghanistan in 2009 has been awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest US military honour, for bravery and devotion to duty.
A group of pro-Brexit MPs has called for a cap on the number of skilled workers coming to the UK and a five-year freeze on unskilled migrants, in a report to be published later.
A large fire has broken out at a London Tube station during the FA Cup final between Crystal Palace and Manchester United.
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as Great Britain won team gold in the women's rifle shooting.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said the Bank's actions to support the economy after the Brexit vote "sailed through" what he described as a "surprise" vote to leave the EU.
Britain's Olympic skeleton team will be boosted by the return of two-time gold medallist Lizzy Yarnold, who will compete in the event for the first time at the Sochi Winter Games.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will fight in Manchester on Saturday, 5 March, when she takes on Mexico's Maria Salazar in a super-featherweight contest at the SSE Arena.
Olympic champion Richard Heath won his second gold medal of the season in the K2 200m at the European Canoe Slalom Championships.
Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Football Cup for the first time after beating Hungary in the final of the inaugural ConIFA World Cup in Hungary.
The final SS Great Britain ship to be built at a Bristol dockyard is to be delivered to its final home.
Too many older people are being "institutionalised" in care homes where they are "quickly become institutionalised", a report has said.
The government is to double or even quadruple the discount on social housing properties sold to home buyers under its plans to revive the right to buy, the BBC understands.
The number of syphilis cases in London has risen by more than a third in the past five years, with the highest number among men who have sex with men, figures show.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in South Lanarkshire.
Portsmouth have signed former Notts County midfielder Emmanuel Agyei on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest manager Paul Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in their search for a new boss.
A charity in Australia has asked people to help injured animals that have been injured in bushfires to help them recover.
More needs to be done to help diagnose babies born with a cleft palate, which is often missed at birth, surgeons say.
Three striking primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay cuts have been sacked, the BBC understands.
York City have re-signed striker Chris Parkin on loan from National League rivals Macclesfield Town until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out his plans to improve transport in England, promising to expand bus services and bring railways back into public ownership.
People on low carbohydrate diets lose more weight than those on low fat diets, a study of more than a dozen popular diets has found.
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by a falling metal frame.
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane says Super League should be given credit for their World Club Challenge victory over Cronulla Sharks, despite the Sharks winning the 2017 series.
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could be tracked by satellites for the first time in real-time, the UN has said.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the trade in skins from captive tigers, according to officials and wildlife conservationists.
The UK economy is "taking Brexit in its stride" but faces a period of "relatively low growth" as inflation rises and the pound falls, a report has said.
A man who threatened to kill himself and police officers by shooting them on the Dee Estuary in Flintshire has admitted making threats to kill them.
Inverness-Amsterdam flights have been extended for the second time in a year.
Tommy Seymour scored four tries as Glasgow Warriors produced a stunning second-half comeback to stun Pro12 leaders Leinster in a pulsating encounter at Scotstoun.
A consultation on the location of a UK spaceport in Snowdonia has been launched by the UK government.
Arcade Fire have brought a much-needed dose of optimism to Glastonbury, after a thunderstorm forced the cancellation of Rudimental and Metallica's headline set.
The Women's World Twenty20 will be held in England in 2017, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
At least 40 people have been killed in an ambush by Islamist militant group Boko Haram on a convoy carrying staff abducted by the group in Nigeria, officials say.
Irish actor and director, Seamus Lally, who was best known for his roles in the TV soap opera Glenroe and Ballykissangel, has died at the age of 60.
Sam Robson hit his highest first-class score as Middlesex made a solid start to their reply to Warwickshire's first innings total of 534 on day one at Edgbaston.
A major coral bleaching event has been recorded at a remote Chinese island, in what scientists say is the worst on record for the region.
European and US shares have fallen sharply after Cyprus agreed a deal with its creditors to avert a bailout, but the country's president has said the deal was the "best that could have been struck".
A man with terminal bowel cancer has climbed Mount Everest for charity after being told he has "just several months left to live".
A community hall in Gwynedd is set to be emptied after the parish of St Davids said it would increase the rent by £1,000 a year.
Tributes have been paid to a father and his two nephew who were killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils need more challenging science lessons to help them develop a better understanding of the subject, the education watchdog Estyn has said.
Muslims in the US have offered to stand guard at Jewish cemeteries and synagogues in response to recent threats against the institutions.
Two brothers who carried out a "merciless, relentless and savage" samurai sword killing in a bid to steal a gold bracelet from a drug dealer have been jailed.
Elton John has given his first performance in two days, after cancelling shows in Manchester and Denmark, and it was a much-needed respite for fans.
Brentford have confirmed that manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season.
A former aide to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably one of the people who should have pulled the emergency alarm" over a "slip" in the UMP party's accounts during his 2012 election campaign.
President Barack Obama has become the first American president to visit Cuba since the country was split from the United States in 1959.
A fire on a Wightlink ferry has been extinguished by crew after it broke out on board.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to cover up the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash after being dropped off by a suspect who fled the UK.
The cosmetics firm Nivea has apologised after a post it made on social media was widely shared by the far-right.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with a win over Exeter City, who missed the chance to move into the top seven.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 for the 2016-17 season.
UK scientists are trying to map the slow, steady change in the behaviour of tectonic plates around the world.
Here is a full statement from David Cameron on his election victory, following the Conservatives' victory in the general election.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in a rain-affected match in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series and set up a decider against the hosts in the final one-day international on Sunday.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has been accused of being a "part-time" AM for not quitting his MEP role and not being fully committed to the party by the leader of its Wales group.
An Easyjet flight made an emergency landing in Amsterdam after the pilot reported a "strong smell of smoke" in the cabin.
Young people in England are being left out of good jobs because of a patchwork vocational education system, a report says.
Plans for a £50m hydroelectric scheme in Snowdonia have been withdrawn after a request for further information from the developer.
A gang of drug dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin have been jailed for a total of 18 years.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has suffered severe brain damage after a heart attack during a pre-season friendly match in Germany on Saturday, the Dutch club have said.
In the summer of 1942, Sir William Wiltshire, the founder of the welfare state, was asked by a newspaper to explain his vision for the future of the state.
Gianluigi Buffon says Serie A's use of video assistant referees (VAR) is "not good" for football and should be "routinely used".
A financial services firm is to create up to 500 jobs in Worcestershire.
David Cameron should not be considered for the post of Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the Olympic Games.
Russian Twitter users are increasingly turning to Western pop culture, and many are turning to the social network to promote their favourite artists.
Neil Lennon's decision to take up the role of Hibernian manager was not based on a desire to return to the top flight.
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has joined Turkish side Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
More than 10,000 people will be voting in West Lothian and Livingston on 8 May - more than half the population of the constituency.
The Home Office has been urged to be more clear about where it draws the line over the use of surveillance powers, after concerns about children's toys and "smart toys" being hacked.
Myanmar has signed a collective ceasefire with more than 30 armed groups, including some of the country's largest rebel groups, in a landmark deal.
Venezuela's military has shot down two unauthorised planes in the air in a series of incidents in the past 24 hours, officials say.
Mental health services for pregnant women and their babies are to be improved with £1.5m of funding from the Welsh government.
A Chinese company that sells US technology to major companies has agreed to pay a record fine after admitting to violating export rules.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose by more than a third last year, according to the UN's latest report on the issue.
A man who stabbed his wife to death after discovering he was the father of their two children has admitted killing her.
France will keep troops in Mali for as long as it takes to fight Islamist militants, the French defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing cyber espionage, after talks in Washington.
Flooding has caused disruption to transport in Warwickshire, with many roads and rail services disrupted.
A swan has been rescued from the roof of a shop in a busy shopping area in London after becoming stuck on the roof.
Theresa May has been accused of "taking the country in a dangerous and damaging direction" by the Liberal Democrats after she said the NHS would be "under threat" if the government failed to make a success of Brexit.
Celtic moved three points clear at the top of the Premiership with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Shearer, the British actor who has provided the voice of Homer Simpson for more than 30 years, is to leave The Simpsons after the new series of the hit US sitcom.
Student nurses in England are warning that the government's plans to scrap grants to help students pay for their training will put them off the profession.
It was a case of two rare reptiles standing in the way of a major mining project in Australia.
Former Olympic 400m champion Venus Richards-Ross says she has been "healed" by the support she has received after revealing she had an abortion before the 2008 Games.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be separated from the negotiations on a free trade deal with the EU.
The SNP will be holding its spring conference in Aberdeen later this month.
British actress Jumbo has said the UK needs to do more to encourage black actors to come out of the "diversity net" and show the world that they are "the best".
The government's plans for more selective schools in England may not improve the educational standards of the poorest pupils, say researchers.
Wales and Cardiff Blues fly-half Gareth Anscombe says he is "not made out of glass" after suffering a third injury in four months.
Ten years ago I was reporting on the launch of the iPhone when I was asked to do a piece for the BBC Ten O’Clock News from San Francisco.
A £200m research and innovation complex in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened.
Former England international coach Chris Grayson has been appointed as head coach of Super League side Yorkshire Diamonds.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed Stoke City midfielder Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford on loan until the end of the season.
UK inflation turned positive for the first time in more than 50 years in May, official figures have shown, reversing the previous month's negative rate.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she will not "stifle debate" on cutting the top rate of tax for the rich.
British champion diver Hannah Graddon has retired from diving, four years after missing out on an Olympic place at Beijing 2008.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in the US state of California, officials say.
The Pirate Bay, the website that's been shut down by police, has been back online.
BBC Sport outlines the key matches for the weekend's Premier League games, as Everton host Bournemouth, Newcastle host Crystal Palace and West Brom host West Ham.
The world will almost certainly not be able to keep global temperatures from rising above 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to new research.
The RSPCA has said it is "very pleased" with the number of convictions for animal cruelty in Wales, with a 100% conviction rate in 2013.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and took her benefits for months after she died has been jailed.
Glentoran manager Stephen Mulgrew says his side will be looking to build on their opening win over Ards when they host Cliftronville in the Irish Premiership on Tuesday night.
What is the big worry about the world's banks?
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram says he is not ruling out a move to the Indian Premier League.
Lewis Hamilton was the only driver to qualify fastest in qualifying at the Australian Grand Prix as Formula 1 bosses admitted the new format of the session did not work.
A Fifa official who was suspended for two years for breaching the sport's ethics code over his role in the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has had his ban reduced to two years.
A man has died in a fire at a house in the Elgin area of Glasgow.
A collection of photographs of the 1970s anti-racism movement, which included the first ever rock concert by The Clash, are to go on display in Leeds.
New Sunderland signing Michael Vaughan says the Championship side are ready to prove their Championship status this season.
The decision by the Trump administration to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement was a blow to Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are not in the best moment after their Champions League quarter-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has urged the two main EU exit campaigners to "hold their fire" and not get "wrapped up in tiny issues" over who will be named the official campaign group in the referendum.
A group of imams in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger who was sentenced to death for insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died from inhaling toxic fumes from a paint stripper tank.
The first of the Royal Navy's new Astute class of submarines has been launched at a ceremony in Cumbria.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says he hopes manager Chris Coleman will be given a new contract.
A system that tracks assets around the world is vulnerable to hacking and spying, according to a security researcher.
Actress Joan Collins has said she would never take an honour from the Queen, and has dismissed the idea of being made an OBE.
A family of Egyptian geese have been spotted nesting inside a box at a nature reserve after the birds were spotted feeding on a nearby pond.
Burnley striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the Wales international targeting a place at Euro 2016.
Rory Burns' record-breaking unbeaten century helped Surrey draw with Hampshire after a remarkable draw in the Division One match at The Oval.
The owners of Southern Cross care homes are expected to agree to make "significant financial concessions" in a bid to save the company, the BBC has learned.
The number of people in England being diagnosed with cancer being treated within 62 days of being referred has fallen for the first time, figures show.
Global warming could have a major impact on the diversity of plants and animals on the planet, according to scientists.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the year to the end of August, with more than 40 million passengers travelling to the airport, up 5% on the same period last year.
A former council leader and ex-economy chief councillor have been accused of misconduct in a report into the sale of council property, which also found a senior colleague did not face any wrongdoing.
The Football Association has announced it will donate £250,000 to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire to help the victims' families when Arsenal play Chelsea in the Community Shield.
The Syrian government and its Russian allies are continuing their offensive on rebel-held parts of the city of Aleppo, with more than 250 people killed in the past week, activists say.
A hospital trust has gone on trial accused of health and safety breaches after a patient was killed in a lifting hoist accident.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Williams, has warned against "downgrading" religious education in schools, in his Easter Sunday sermon.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry which was started accidentally by a rubbish fire, the fire service has said.
A proposal to create a single Oxfordshire council with an elected mayor has been backed by the county council.
Barnsley have signed defender Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal after he was released by Torquay United.
The Co-operative Group has warned that it will not be able to return to profit for at least three years due to "higher levels of investment" in its food and funeral businesses.
The US Navy has launched its largest ever anti-submarine warfare exercise in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the UK.
A US rocket has exploded shortly after launching from a launch pad in the US state of Virginia, killing a spacecraft carrying food and experiments for astronauts.
A woman accused of making a "firing sign" at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine during a road rage incident has appeared in court.
Scientists have reconstructed the dramatic events that followed the asteroid strike that killed the dinosaurs and left the Chicxulub Crater in Mexico.
A South African minister has resigned after being charged with assault following an incident at a party in which a woman was allegedly punched in the face.
Sinn Féin's James McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World League 3 in Belfast.
A number of seahorses have been spotted in Bristol Bay for the first time in more than a decade.
Indian artist Ram Chand, who created a rock garden using the rubble of the city's old buildings, has died aged 91, his family says.
British Cycling's former performance director Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying at the sport's governing body.
The Department of Health in Northern Ireland has published draft guidelines on abortion for the NHS in NorthernIreland, which include a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved in the case of a woman who needs a mental health assessment.
When the hand of God strikes, it can be a teachers' worst nightmare.
Zinedine Zidane has been given a reprieve from a ban from coaching after being found guilty of failing to have the necessary licence.
A new road in Taunton has opened after delays of more than two years, following a £10m cost- overrun.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
Police Scotland has said it remains committed to closing regional control rooms across Scotland despite concerns over the time it will take to complete a programme of closures.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play at the 2018 World Cup in Russia after his side lost their play-off against Portugal to miss out on a place at the finals in Russia.
Burundi's prosecutor's office has said it has arrested a number of people in connection with the killing of a senior general in a car bomb attack last week.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress for the fifth year in a row, according to Forbes magazine's annual list of the world most valuable actresses.
Villagers in remote areas of Nepal have blocked roads and smashed windows in protest at a lack of aid for those affected by the devastating earthquake.
Cuba has rejected US President Donald Trump's policy of "unwavering hostility" towards it, in a rare public rebuke to the US leader.
David Tennant has revealed he almost wrote a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" headline for a new play he's starring in in London.
The US Secret Service needs to increase the number of officers and staff working in the White House, a review of security at the White house has found.
Gibraltar is in talks with Scotland about a possible joint bid to keep the territory in the EU after the UK leaves the bloc, the territory's top minister has said.
Aslef, the union representing Arriva Trains Wales drivers, has announced a repeat of a strike it staged in January.
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has announced he will not seek re-election in May, after months of protests over his plans to run for a second term.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since 2014, in a rare meeting between the two leaders.
Syrian rebels have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, activists and local sources say.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan won his 10th World Championship title with a 10-1 victory over Barry Hawkins in the final at Alexandra Palace in London.
There is "hopeful" hope for the NHS and education in Wales if Labour wins the 2015 assembly election, the first minister has said.
A charity is launching a campaign to help people who have been stalked by ex-partners to help police catch them before they turn violent.
China is set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
A new scheme to train bank and post office staff to spot the signs of fraud is being launched in England and Wales.
The Labour Party is hoping to make Ealing Central and Acton its new constituency in the 2015 General Election.
Five Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in their home town of Ospreylian.
Passengers were stuck on planes for hours at Belfast International Airport on Tuesday night as high winds caused the airport to be forced to divert flights.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for a fee in the region of £25m.
The Globe's new indoor theatre is a "living laboratory" for the study of Shakespearean theatre, says Farah Karim-Cooper, one of the Globe's resident scholars.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of buying the club's Liberty Stadium home.
Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association for alleged misconduct in the 2-1 defeat by QPR at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of leading his side to their first Pro12 title after comparing their progress to Glasgow Warriors' success in 2014.
The families of three men killed on Bloody Sunday have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier on suspicion of murder.
A stowaway who was found hiding in a plane cargo hold in Dubai has been praised by Chinese media for trying to enter the country to be a beggar.
The BBC's director general has said decriminalising licence fee evasion would be a "huge risk" and would force the government to raise the fee.
A new waste-fired power station is to be built next to Ferrybridge 'B' power station, it has been announced.
The story of the thousands of black West Indian soldiers who served in Britain during World War Two is being celebrated on the 90th anniversary of the end of the conflict.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it was a "great shame" that Great Britain's women's football team were not allowed to compete at the 2016 Olympics.
A project to boost numbers of a rare bird of prey in the Peak District has been hailed as a success.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to the resignation of Johann Lamont as leader of the party in Scotland.
Shares in ARM Holdings have jumped by more than 45% after the UK chipmaker said it had received a takeover offer from Japanese technology giant Softbank worth £18.5bn.
Edinburgh City will play in the Scottish League Two play-off final after beating Cove Rangers in the second leg of their play-offs.
The government should hold off raising the state pension age until it has worked out how to support the one in eight workers who are too ill to work before they even get to state pensionAge, the TUC has said.
An investigation has been launched into a hospital after it was found that fire safety standards were not high enough.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has released a set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Carphone Warehouse has said its website has been hacked by hackers who may have stolen the personal data of thousands of customers.
A class in the art of Pilates has been held in the Isle of Man to celebrate the work of a World War Two interned soldier who developed the technique while in a Nazi concentration camp.
A video has been shown to the Liam Fee murder trial showing the moment police found the toddler dead in his bedroom, hours after he was allegedly strangled by a young boy.
The NHS is expected to overspend by £7.5bn this year, with hospitals and other health services facing a £1.8bn deficit, figures show.
David Cameron's EU reform deal could lead to a "surge" in migration from eastern European countries, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Cycling legend Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport after being banned for life for doping.
Malaysia has strongly criticised a Swiss prosecutor's comments that billions of dollars may have been stolen from a state fund, saying they were "unusual and against normal protocol".
The Stormont government was told in 1986 to stop using the word 'Derry' in official letters, a file from the Northern Ireland Archives has revealed.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to the top of the US box office, taking $66.5m (Â£53.4m) in its opening weekend, beating both the first film and the new Mad Max film.
Microsoft has revealed details of the powerful hardware inside its next Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio.
A UKIP candidate for the general election has resigned after posting on Facebook that US President Barack Obama should be "put on trial" by Israel.
The National Book Awards are taking place this weekend, and this year's big attraction is the children's book festival, The Roald Dahl Book Festival.
Pret A Manger has said it will pay all teenagers who take part in a work experience week, after it was reported they would be given free food.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has said the new owners of the National League club have "got a lot to prove" after agreeing to take over the club.
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut story Disappearances, beating out Hilary Mantel, Claire Bennett and Claire Greenlaw.
The Egyptian authorities are investigating the recent shark attacks in the Red Sea off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh, in the Sinai peninsula.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh to support those affected by the Nepal earthquake.
Hundreds of farmers have attended a rally in Edinburgh's Greenock to demand more money for their farms.
Alastair Cook has been the subject of much criticism in the media over the past few months.
The former head of the UK Army in Afghanistan has said he is "somewhat depressing" by the number of recent attacks by the Taliban, but there is "no victory" in the war.
How to avoid being struck by lightning..
Lotus has been given more time to complete its takeover by Renault after a winding-up petition against the company was adjourned.
Northants and Sussex were forced to settle for a draw after bad light meant only a third day of their Division Two match at Hove was possible.
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says the decision to appoint Australian Wayne Bennett as head coach of the national side is not always about "pushing our sport forward".
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 6-1 victory over Yeovil Town, while Sunderland drew 1-1 with Arsenal.
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a boy at a children's home in the 1960s, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in Africa in 2012 has said she wants to help free a man who has been wrongly accused of involvement in the crime.
When Fijian rugby union legend Viliame Matavesi was a young miner in Cornwall in the 1980s, he was so thin he had to wear size 14 shoes and pack them with pieces of cloth and paper.
Police are investigating the deaths of a man and woman at a house in Stirling.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with encouraging terrorism and encouraging others to commit acts of terrorism.
Bookmakers have been accused of using their high street bookmakers as "gambling "goddesses" to encourage customers to gamble on their fixed-odds betting machines.
Grimsby Town have signed former York City and York City midfielder Joe Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A house in Carmarthenshire has been searched by counter-terrorism officers investigating the Westminster terror attack, police have said.
The attack on the shrine of the Prophet Muhammad in Bangkok is the worst of its kind, and the attack on Thailand's economy, the prime minister has said, and it's a blow to the country's tourism industry.
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually assaulting two women he offered a lift home in his patrol car.
Boris Johnson has been caught on camera giving his wife a lift on his bike, in breach of the law.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a spate of cases of blackmail in which men have been tricked into performing sex acts online and then threatened with blackmail.
David Cameron has been back on the BBC's Question Time show to give us another insight into what he's been working on in his new budget.
A rare turtle that was found in a suitcase in a Cardiff bin has been moved to a new tank at an Anglesey zoo.
Walsall's Erhun Oztumer scored twice to help his side to victory at Swindon and move them up to fourth in League One.
A network of CCTV cameras in three Denbighshire towns will be transferred to Cheshire to help catch criminals and offenders.
South Sudan and Malawi both suffered defeats on Saturday as they both failed to qualify for next year's African Nations Championship (CHAN) finals in Kenya.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country's policy towards the US, despite the agreement.
A dean at the University of Pennsylvania has resigned from the Texas School of Architecture in protest at a new law that allows universities to ban guns on campus.
UKIP leadership contender Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot in the contest to succeed Nigel Farage.
Walsall have signed midfielder Jonny Howson from Crewe Alexandra on a two-year contract.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher who downloaded more than 1,000 indecent images of children has been found unfit to teach.
A firearms licence was revoked after police found "highly offensive" posts on Facebook by a man who liked a Muslim prayer group, a court has heard.
Weightlifter Armen Vardanian has been provisionally suspended for two years after failing a retest for a banned steroid at the London 2012 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of making the play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a soldier have told of the moment they found out their daughter had been killed.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative leader in the House of Lords, has resigned, the BBC has learned.
A sandwich firm in Londonderry has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The chief executive of Japanese advertising agency Dentsu has said he will resign after a Japanese woman killed herself because of overwork.
A man killed his wife by setting her on fire in a "chameleon-like charade" before going on a walk with his dog, a court has heard.
At least five people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on an Afghan army bus in the capital Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation on the potential location for a new nuclear waste dump in the Scottish Borders has been held.
Google's chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate over the amount of tax the firm pays in the UK.
Mozambique, a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields, is one of Africa's fastest-growing economies and is one the world's largest democracies.
A Robin Hood re-enactor is getting married to his Maid Marian after falling in love with her at a banquet in Nottingham.
Oldham Athletic moved out of the League One relegation zone as James Main's goal secured victory over Southend United.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of a vast cattle empire, which was put on sale last month, to foreign investors.
Bradford City and Shrewsbury came from behind to draw at the Macron Stadium.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in Guyana on the final day of his tour of the Caribbean.
A man has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast on Saturday.
The trial of a powerful clan leader has begun in the Philippines, where he is accused of being the mastermind of a massacre that has shocked the country.
I am a bit baffled... and I am a little bit confused.
London Underground drivers have accepted a new pay deal that will see them become the first to work on the Night Tube, the Aslef union has said.
The man who led the development of Swansea City Football Club's youth football club has died at the age of 90.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis as cover for injured duo Neil Alexander and Lee Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration for the second time in less than a year.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Army.
Wild fires that have burned 332 acres of land in the Highlands and Islands since the start of May have been tackled by firefighters.
The Queen has been ranked second in a BBC power list, behind only the Queen, with the Duchess of Cambridge at third.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Jimmy White both won their opening matches at the Scottish Open in Dundee, while John Higgins and Neil Robertson also progressed to the second round.
Prince Harry has said he used to feel "fired up and energised" not to be a politician and wanted to "make something of his life".
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers in London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the US, which was imposed after a patent dispute with Apple.
Hull KR have signed Newcastle Knights prop Tyler Walker on a one-year deal after he was released by the Championship club at the end of the season.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has bought a 5.5% stake in Twitter for $1.2bn (£1.1bn) in the social media company.
A survey by BBC Sport has found that more than half of UK sportswomen do not report sexism in their sport, while a third do not think it should be reported.
A collection of Dr Who props, including a Dalek and Cyberman from the show's first series, is to be auctioned off by the actor who played the lead in the sci-fi series.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal battle over a deal to sell club merchandise.
A former member of a panel set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has said the government's "Fresh Start" deal on the past will not be able to solve the problem of the Troubles.
About 17 people were rescued from a fire at a block of flats in West Lothian after a blaze broke out on the third floor of a six-storey block of flat.
The first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to be allowed to fly since January's safety scare has taken off from Ethiopia.
US TV series Homeland has been criticised for its depiction of the Middle East after graffiti artists from the Palestinian city of Gaza were asked to write messages on a set in an episode of the show.
Sprinter Sacre, the Champion Chase winner at the 2013 Cheltenham Festival, has been put down after a career that spanned five years.
The pilots' union has said it will appeal against a court ruling that it should be allowed to give cockpit data from a Super Puma helicopter crash to prosecutors and police.
The Conservatives' conference in Manchester will be the first chance this year to hear from the North East's MPs about how they think the party can help them solve "the English problem".
A spate of heroin overdoses and deaths in south Wales could be linked to the same batch of drug, police have said.
Domino's Pizza Enterprises, the Australian owner of the Domino's pizza brand, has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create the world's largest pizza chain.
A man who died after a disturbance at a pub in Gwynedd has been named locally as David Jones.
A man has been charged with raping a boy in Cumbria.
A former Venezuelan football official has pleaded guilty in a US court to charges in connection with a corruption scandal at world football's governing body Fifa.
A week that saw a series of high-profile controversies, a flurry of revelations and a new email scandal - it's been a week that will likely go down as one of the most eventful in US presidential history.
MPs have heard from three women who had relationships with undercover police officers who posed as civilians to infiltrate left-wing groups and activists.
A Londoner who faked his own death in Syria, and then tried to return home to the UK undetected, has been convicted of terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a tunnel.
The Conservative Party's 1922 committee meeting on Tuesday is being moved forward from Monday to avoid the prospect of a "flash mob" of angry backbenchers.
The Football Association is the organisation that runs football in England, but it has been criticised by the government for not being modern enough and not being representative of modern society.
In the wake of Theresa May's election victory, the Conservatives have launched their manifesto with a pledge to "rein in the big spenders" - the party's vision for the future.
England suffered a stunning collapse in the final session as Bangladesh beat them by an innings and 88 runs to win the second Test in Chittagong and level the series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that Europe is facing a "very strong signal" of the impact of climate change.
Newport Gwent Dragons back-row Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby because of a head injury.
Former WWE wrestler Dusty Rhodes, who was one of the most successful and popular wrestlers of his generation, has died at the age of 74.
The UK's farming industry is worth £1.5bn to the economy and the UK's farmers are hoping that the UK will remain in the European Union.
GPs in England are being offered thousands of pounds in incentives to cut the number of patients being sent to hospital, an investigation has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho is unlikely to return to action this season after having surgery on a knee injury.
Jeremy Clarkson's former Top Gear producer, Peter Yentob, has said he would not rule out the possibility of the presenter leaving the show, if he and his colleagues Richard Hammond and James May quit.
A major transport scheme to improve public transport in Bristol has been hit by a major setback.
Paralympic champion David Davies has set an unofficial world record in the shot put at the Phoenix Grand Prix, throwing 16.13m.
It started with a sharp corner, a sharp turn, a sudden, unexpected turn.
When Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura was a teenager, he travelled to Rwanda to film the school year in the country.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Luke Baxter after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) - a scheme that was launched in September 2012 - has now come to an end.
A Canadian woman has won C$1.5m (Â£1.1m; $1.2m) in a lottery jackpot after buying a ticket for C$5.5 million (Â€3.5M; $4.5million) only to discover it
Two legal challenges to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland have been dismissed by the High Court.
A ram has been chosen as the new mascot for a regiment after the death of its previous mascot, Lance Corporal Derby XXX.
Forest Green Rovers moved up to third in the National League with victory over Halifax, thanks to goals from Jordan Parkin and Josh Frear.
A man has been charged with possessing a knife and an axe in Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh won the Tour of Britain's Tour of the West Country after finishing fourth in the final stage of the race on Sunday.
Eilish McColgan is "slowly turning into The Terminator", according to the man who has been helping her through a career-threatening injury crisis.
Edinburgh prop John Dickinson says the Pro12 leaders need to win all their remaining games if they are to have any chance of making the play-offs.
Priti Patel is a member of the Muslim community and a former MP who lost his sister-in-law in the 7/7 attacks.
It's a dance move you've seen on the street, a move you're probably never seen in the political arena.
ScottishPower is to offer customers the chance to buy their energy bills by the day, in a new way that could see them pay less for their gas and electricity.
US Senator John McCain has visited Syria for the first time since the civil war began, his spokesman has confirmed.
British number one Johanna Konta has beaten American Venus Williams 6-4 6-3 in the quarter-finals of the US Open.
A teenage goalkeeper who was diagnosed with cancer last August has died, his family has confirmed.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband will be the opening night guest at this year's Corby Festival, it has been announced.
A campaign has been launched to encourage families in the Highlands to help tackle underage drinking.
Iraqi forces have said they will continue their offensive to retake the northern city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, despite heavy rain that has hampered their advance.
China's government has called for a radical change in its economic strategy to reduce the country's reliance on fossil fuels and pollution.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake-hit Italian city of Bologna after being found by a neighbour.
European press commentators have reacted to the French and Greek elections, which have thrown the EU's political balance of power into doubt.
The remains of King Henry I are to be discovered in a new archaeological survey at the site of the abbey where he was buried.
Comedian Bill Jones has been honoured with the Bafta Wales Award for lifetime achievement at the Welsh Film Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has been warned by Fifa that it could be fined for homophobic chanting by its fans.
The war in Syria has been a major source of conflict for the country's ancient antiquities, and the theft of their treasures has been an important source of income for the militant Islamist group Isis.
Mae grŵp wedi'i sefydlu yn Arberth, Sir Benfro yn dweud yn y Swyddfa Gartref yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu
Roger Federer says he would be happy to play Rafael Nadal at the US Open if the Spaniard were to reach the final of the tournament for the first time.
US private equity firm KKR has increased its bid for Australian winemaker TWE Group by more than a third, offering a further AU$5.5bn (Â£3.4bn) for the company.
Coleraine's Michael O'Flynn rescued a point against 10-man Crusaders with a stoppage-time equaliser after the champions had been reduced to 10 men.
A Norwegian team of scientists has suggested that a painting of a famous Norwegian masterpiece may be a spectacular example of a very rare type of cloud formation.
The BBC is looking into the issue of cold calling and how it affects people's lives.
British driver Max Chilton said he thought of former team-mate and fellow Indy Lights driver Max Bianchi every time he drove in his victory in the Iowa Grand Prix.
A mobile game that lets players play as a character in a 3D world could help researchers study the brain activity of people with dementia, say researchers at the University of Bristol.
Police searching for an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they will expand the search for a third day.
Thousands of people have protested against Sports Direct's use of zero-hour contracts, with the company saying it complies with all legal requirements.
Hospitals in Lambeth should offer HIV tests to all patients in areas with high or extremely high rates of the virus, under new guidance, the NHS watchdog NICE has said.
"A punt, a punt, a punt."
More than 10% of lorry and van drivers in the UK's transport industry tested positive for illegal drugs last year, a BBC investigation has found.
The Syrian government has won a major victory in its battle against rebels.
The remote town of Mashkel is the largest and most remote in Balochistan province, and it is also the most remote of the towns in the area hit by Tuesday's earthquake.
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 Shia Muslim figures accused of spying for Iran.
Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Liam Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man has completed a challenge to paddle the length of a river in Sri Lanka while being chased by crocodiles.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned amid a sexual harassment scandal, putting his position in the hands of opposition leader Julia Gillard.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in tourism, with the cruise ship industry helping to boost the city's economy.
YouTube star TomSka says he's been "caught out" by people who think he's too honest for his own good.
The boss of Redrow has said the government's housing White Paper is "a bit disappointing" because it does not do enough to tackle the "wall of bureaucracy" that is preventing the construction of new homes.
England full-back Kevin Hall says the team must focus on the positives after their opening World Cup defeat by Australia.
On the morning of Saturday, 10 September, Laura Robson was flying back from a holiday in Italy with her family, and was on the plane back to London when she received an email from her agent saying she had been awarded a wildcard into the US Open.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice after a woman was found with a knife in her car in Southampton.
Alan Stubbs has been appointed Hibernian head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the vacant West Indies head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
A £1.5m lottery grant has been awarded to help fund the restoration of a Nottinghamshire Civil War centre.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's German teenager Christian Walton on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's 5K indoor British record is expected to be confirmed as official, despite concerns about whether the race was "genuine" and "fair", according to her former rival Jo McColgan.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military intelligence officers and a former intelligence agent on charges of running a secret prison for political prisoners.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes despite their first Test victory in Cardiff, despite his side's strong start to the series.
Plans to redevelop a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre have been approved.
More than 200 new minerals have been formed by humans in the last few thousand years, according to a list of 208 that have been approved by the international body that oversees the official catalogue of minerals.
A Malaysian teenager has been operated on after he was found to have lived with a foetus that was not yet a baby inside his body for more than a decade, reports say.
Scotland have secured 13 athletes for the 2017 World Championships in London, the most since 1983, with six of them having qualified at the British trials.
A school in Lancashire has been told a threat made to its Facebook page by a student is not a credible threat, police have said.
Australian police are investigating seven Melbourne women who have travelled to Syria and Iraq to join Islamic State (IS) militants, officials say.
Mark Stoneman's century was not enough to save Warwickshire from defeat as they beat Durham by seven wickets in a thrilling match at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would not cause significant economic damage to the UK, according to a report by the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's suspension from the Ashes tour of England is a huge boost for England, and it will give them an opportunity to put an end to the row over his behaviour in a bar in Abu Dhabi.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to compensate retired firefighters who were wrongly awarded compensation for a pay cut.
The way cancer cells break free from their moorings and spread is explained by scientists at the University of York.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat world number 13 Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the French Open third round, as world number one Novak Djokovic beat Steve Darcis to reach round two.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba, ending a year-long search for a new envoy.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
The Oculus Rift is a new product that's been launched in the US and it's been called the world's most advanced gaming headset.
What would happen if Qatar were to lose its oil and gas reserves and its access to the world's largest underground water source?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy for a trade mission to France, the first visit by an Iranian president in nearly two decades.
EastEnders fans are in for a treat as the BBC has announced the arrival of a new family to the soap, the Taylors.
If you're a farmer, you might be worried about the drought that's been affecting your crops - the UK needs rain to grow crops.
The Conservative party has won a majority of seats on Northamptonshire County Council in the local election.
"If you don't deal with the past, you don's ever have peace," says Baroness O'Loan, the former chair of the Northern Ireland Assembly's justice committee.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals.
A bus company which runs services from Aberystwyth to Cardiff is to close with the loss of 40 jobs, it has been confirmed.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer has told a court he was not sure who killed her, but thought it was him.
Brighton's Championship title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by Huddersfield, who moved up to fourth in the table with a convincing victory at the John Smith's Stadium.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife after she went on holiday to Pakistan and returned home to find him in the middle of the night with a fatal head injury.
The Metropolitan Police is a "dangerous place to be" and officers should not fear shooting people because they fear the consequences, the force's outgoing commissioner has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised after posting a post on social media which appeared to link type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
The Holocaust-themed film Suite Francaise, based on the 1940 novel by Irene Nemirovsky, is being released in the UK on Friday, and the actress who plays the author has spoken of the "overwhelming" emotion she felt working on it.
A huge fire at an oil refinery in Kent has been brought under control after more than 100 firefighters spent the night tackling the blaze.
Former champion Rafael Nadal will return to Queen's Club for the Aegon Championships in June, it has been announced.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being rescued from a tanker carrying corrosive acid off the coast of Cornwall.
Donald Trump's first day in Brussels was a day of firsts for the US president and for European leaders.
National League side Bury have signed former Liverpool striker Michael Ngoo on a one-year deal.
A large bushfire in Western Australia has destroyed more than 100 homes and forced the evacuation of more than 1,000 people in a remote area of the state.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after taking his own life have said they are "very concerned" by new evidence that a police sergeant was involved in an investigation into his death.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened in the last financial year has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to official figures.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has risen by more than a third in the last two years, according to a study by police chiefs.
A jigsaw puzzle that was almost complete when four pieces went missing has been sent back to Spain after a man had to ask a jigsaw manufacturer to re-cut them.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured after a car crashed into a crowd at a car rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners will join the Open University in Cardiff on Thursday to discuss the future of education in Wales.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco supermarket manager in Carmarthenshire after being told to return it to the till has been fined and ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society's (RTS) Royal Television Awards for its investigation into the IRA.
Jewish groups in Croatia have said they will boycott a ceremony next week to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac in the western town of Jasenovec.
Manchester United have signed Manchester City winger Adnan Januzaj on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts fans could help raise £3m for the club's main stand project by contributing £300,000 a month to a reserve fund set up to fund the project.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is "not fit" and is "hopeful" he will return to fitness after failing to pass a fitness test.
Harlequins will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Saracens will face Exeter Chiefs in the last four.
The mother of a man who died after being dragged under a car has spoken of her "dark" seven years after he saved her life.
England women beat world champions New Zealand by a record margin of 55-14 in their final game of the Four Nations in Hamilton.
A paraglider thought she was going to die when she was in a "very close" collision with an A400M military aircraft, a report has found.
Firefighters are tackling a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Donegal.
A paedophile who bribed boys with Fifa game currency to help him sexually abuse them has been jailed for 12 years.
Josephine West was badly injured in a car crash, leaving her with a broken nose and a broken voice, and the band Oh Wonder had to change their name to Oh Wonder, after their songwriting project became a global sensation.
A four-year-old boy was referred to police after nursery staff mistook his spelling for a word used by Islamic State militants, it has emerged.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter and her nine-year old son were found locked in the boot of a car.
Police have been called to a disturbance at Aberdeen University after a man was allegedly sprayed in the face by a group of people calling themselves "transgender and anarchist".
Algeria began their Africa Cup of Nations campaign with a comfortable win over Qatar in Algiers, as the hosts began their campaign with victory in Group D.
Ronny Deila says Celtic's Europa League qualification would be the biggest achievement of his career if they beat a Romanian side and qualify for the group stage.
Teachers in Wales will be given new training to help them improve their skills and improve the quality of teaching under a £1bn package of measures.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are not good enough to cope with the pressure of winning.
A man's body has been found in a rubbish bin at a recycling plant in Somerset.
The final list of candidates to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be revealed on Wednesday, the party has said.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI has announced the launch of 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) across Northern Ireland.
American defensive back Troy Polamalu has announced that he is to retire from football at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a Swansea rugby player who died after being hit by a car in the city centre.
The 2016 World Championship will be held at the Crucible Theatre in London from 7-9 May.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
A contractor has been shortlisted for £1.5m to build a new £3.5 million school in Denbighshire.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been told he will face trial on charges of fraud and money laundering over the club's sale.
Tyler Denton's first-half goal was enough to give Leeds United victory at Luton Town.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offered a chance to do community service, but what will he do with it?
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as first-team coach.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for tougher sentences for drink drivers to be increased to manslaughter.
A man has been assaulted and robbed by a gang of armed men during a robbery at a house in Londonderry.
England batsman Jason Roy says he was not aware he had made the second-highest one-day international score in history until he saw it on television.
Ken Owens has become known as the "super sub" - but he is happy to be the "Super Sub" again.
Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex and Worcestershire shared an unbroken stand of 128 on a rain-affected opening day at Chelmsford.
A British man convicted of plotting a terror attack in Manchester in 2009 has been sentenced to life in prison in the United States after being found guilty of two terrorism offences.
Russia has begun a "withdrawal" of its forces from Syria, including a naval carrier and other military assets, the defence ministry says.
Rafael Nadal fought back from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals for the first time in eight years.
A Brazilian fisherman has found a piece of debris that he believes is from a UK satellite that landed in the Atlantic Ocean, after spotting it while fishing.
A man who was caught with a knife and hammer after telling his ex-girlfriend he wanted to kill soldiers has been jailed for life with a minimum of 16 years.
A woman who faked her own death to dupe a terminally ill friend into taking her to the final stages of cancer has had her jail sentence reduced.
A building has collapsed on the Canary Islands in Spain, killing at least one person and injuring three others, after an explosion in the area.
St Johnstone's hopes of reaching the Europa League second qualifying round were ended as they were beaten 2-1 by FK Trakai in the first leg of their tie in Lithuania.
The price of holidays for UK parents is rising sharply, with some claiming they are up to 300% higher than they were last year.
Thousands of prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons.
Fulham have signed striker Adama Cyriac from Belgian club Oostende on a season-long loan deal.
Donald Trump has won the US presidential election, but he's not the only one who believes that.
The German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who amassed a collection of paintings believed to have been looted by the Nazis, has died aged 90, German officials say.
Scottish bus operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada have sacked manager Tony Adams after seven games in charge of the club, following their defeat by Espanyol.
A man has died after three cars crashed in Powys, leaving a fourth person seriously injured.
Derby City Council has set aside £20m for a new £30m swimming pool at the city's Moorways Leisure Centre, which was closed to the public last year.
A school has changed its name to remove the "defining image" of the Islamic State (IS) group from its name.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with technology and retail stocks leading the way, as the US stock market closed higher.
It is a condition that is often considered to be "invisible" - but now a smartphone app is helping to diagnose it with just a few taps of a button.
A woman has been charged with murder after a man died following an incident in south London.
Andy Murray has withdrawn from his final warm-up match before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing bloc has won the general election, beating the left-wing Social Democrats, who lost their majority.
A group of literary fans of the Welsh writer Arthur Machen have called for the Newport library to keep its collection of his work open.
A man from Londonderry has broken the world record for the longest continuous playing of the bagpipes.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in an alleyway in west London.
Pregnant women should avoid travelling to areas with a high risk of malaria if they have recently been to a high-risk area, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its election poster campaign in the UK, with a pledge to "stand up to the establishment" on issues like climate change and the NHS.
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked, with the party promising to cap energy prices and end welfare cuts.
As a former Labour AM and Labour AM, Leanne Wood has a reputation for being a hard-line Eurosceptic who was once banned from the assembly for referring to the Queen as "Mrs Windsor".
The UK job market slowed down in May, with companies taking time to "digest the ramifications" of the general election result, according to a report.
Liam Stewart says his dad will be able to watch him play ice hockey more than he has ever done after the London Blaze signed the American defenceman on a two-year deal.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their debts of £220,000 by the deadline set by the league's board.
A man who was seen walking around the Indian city of Mumbai with his wife's severed head in his hand has been arrested, police say.
Two Bangladeshis who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials in Dhaka say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her seven-year-old son who died after a car fire.
UN investigators are considering publishing lists of suspects accused of war crimes in Syria, the BBC understands.
A Methodist minister sexually abused four boys by hypnotising them before molesting them, a court has heard.
A couple accused of helping their son travel to Syria to join so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A ferry that was damaged in a collision with a pier in Jersey last month has returned to service.
Swansea council has revealed plans for the city's future housing needs, including up to 1,000 new homes and up to 500 new businesses.
Demonstrations have been held across the Republic of Ireland in support of a campaign to improve water services.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 22-year-old Scottish boxer can become a world champion within the next 10 months.
A hoard of ochre paint kits found in a cave in South Africa may be the earliest evidence of the sophisticated thinking that humans were capable of 100,000 years ago, say scientists.
Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in the first three months of the year, the fastest pace since 2009, after the country emerged from recession in the last three months.
Leeds could see its main road through the city centre closed to traffic as part of a £100m plan to make the city more liveable and prosperous.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the world for its undergraduate courses in computer games design in a new US study.
"Yes" was the word on the ballot paper in the 2014 Scottish independence referendum.
The Foreign Office is "urgently working" with the authorities in Thailand to establish whether a British man has died in a shooting incident.
Great Britain women beat Argentina 3-2 to move top of Pool B at the Rio Olympics and set up a quarter-final against Japan.
Wolves manager Paul Heckingbottom is hopeful that striker Fernando Forestieri will be fit for Saturday's game against Derby County after missing the draw with Huddersfield with a hamstring injury.
A takeaway where a three-year-old girl died after suffering an allergic reaction to a spice advert has been banned from operating.
A Cardiff council worker who stole £20,000 from a children's fund meant for vulnerable children has been jailed for five years.
A Cardiff-based online insurance comparison firm has won a number of contracts to provide information on specialist products.
North Korea has carried out a military drill in which it fired artillery at targets in Seoul, including the South's presidential residence, state media say.
Hundreds of Afghans have taken part in a protest in the capital Kabul against Iran's alleged ban on fuel exports to Afghanistan.
A database of 390 trees and shrubs from around the world has been created to help people choose the right tree for their garden.
Full-back Leigh Halfpenny will miss Wales' World Cup campaign after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
French Justice Minister Nicole Goulard has resigned, days after announcing plans to reform the country's political system.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on the Preacher comic strip, has died at the age of 55.
Sergio Garcia and Thomas Pieters are two shots behind leader Charley Hoffman after two rounds of the Masters as Rickie Fowler and Rickie Hoffman both shot rounds of 70 to share the clubhouse lead at Augusta.
The mystery of the bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres has been deepened by a new set of pictures taken by a spacecraft.
A van driver has been jailed for six months after a fatal crash in West Lothian.
Several Muslim countries have expressed uncertainty over whether they will join a Saudi-led alliance against terrorism announced by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has resigned after the team's failure to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for three matches after being found guilty of striking England's Joe Root in a pub brawl.
Plans for a safari park, a water park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead.
A Pakistani schoolgirl who has been shot in the head by a gunman in the Swat Valley has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries, officials say.
A review of NHS targets and performance indicators is to be carried out by the Scottish government.
A doctor who took £10,000 from a patient to pay off her medical bills has been struck off by the General Medical Council (GMC).
A senior Bangladeshi politician has been sentenced to death by a special war crimes tribunal for crimes committed during the 1971 war of independence from Pakistan.
James Wakely and Andy Keogh hit centuries as Northants took control against Leicestershire at Northampton.
A Flintshire man who stopped a machete attack in Mold and a man who shielded his partner from bullets during last summer's Tunisia terror attacks are among the nominees for the St David Awards.
A film made entirely on the streets of a Polish town for just Â£4,000 has won an international film award.
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences following a police operation in which traveller sites were raided.
An Australian man who has spent the past two years dressing up as Darth Vader has revealed he is the world's most expensive Star Wars fan.
Oscars 2017: All the best pictures from the red carpet.
Rangers have signed midfielder Jonny Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A group of six people have been rescued from the water after their boat ran aground on the shores of Lough Neagh.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Divers are to be sent to a stretch of the Forth and Clyde Canal in North Lanarkshire to remove what are believed to be bones from the water.
South African President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze university fees in 2016, after a week of protests by thousands of students against planned increases.
The new series of Atlantis is back on BBC One, and it's a big change for the show.
Black Friday has been hailed as the busiest online shopping day of the year, with more than £1.2bn spent online on Friday, with the weekend's sales expected to hit a record £2.2 billion.
The Curiosity rover on Mars has carried out its first chemical test, by inhaling and exhaling Martian air.
More than 90% of children in England have not been offered a place at their top choice of primary school this year, figures show, as the country's schools face a growing crisis.
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces by a group of leading artists has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend is two shots behind leader Tyrrell Hatton after the BMW PGA Championship in the US, after a third round in which he shot a course record score of 66.
A girl was bitten on the face and leg by a dog which was allegedly left with a "severe" head injury, police have said.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to make a new work to defend freedom of speech, after the Danish toy company refused to sell him bricks for a work he planned to use in an exhibition.
Robert Kubica says he misses Formula 1 and is still in love with motorsport despite not being able to drive in the sport for nearly two years.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan, who were both on Strictly Come Dancing, are among the 16 contestants for the second series of BBC Two's Winter Olympics.
Hearts have signed Moroccan internationals Nasser Rherras and Ali Sammon on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was ousted in a party-room vote on Monday.
More than half of young people who check their mobile phones at night are checking social media while they are sleeping, a survey suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce car once owned by the late Hollywood actress Dors has sold at auction in New York for $3m (£2.5m).
A takeaway restaurant owner who attacked a colleague with a meat cleaver in a "grossly disproportionate" attack has been jailed for 12 years.
A wildlife charity has launched a public consultation on the reintroduction of lynx to the UK, with the first public consultation due to take place in Scotland.
John Lewis has announced that the first of its flagship stores in Edinburgh's St James Centre is to reopen to the public on Friday.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker George Samuel on loan until the end of the season and signed midfielder Aaron Huws on a season-long loan deal.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a train.
A student who was trapped in a wardrobe in the basement of a Kenyan college during Thursday's attack by Islamist militants has described how she was forced to drink body lotion while she waited for hours to be rescued.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for five years.
A former Iraqi chemical weapons expert has been captured by US-backed Iraqi forces and is being questioned about the possible use of mustard gas by so-called Islamic State (IS), US officials say.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named during a live awards show on Sunday, 14 December 2014, and the public will vote for the winner from a shortlist of 10 contenders.
The news that Hermione Granger is to be played by a black actress in the next Harry Potter film has been met with a mixed reaction from fans.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star Christopher Biggins has been removed from this year's Celebrity Big Brother after making "a number of comments capable of causing great offence", the show has said.
It is a country which has seen its cancer survival rates fall and its health system has been criticised for being too slow to catch up.
A sea mine which was found on the River Gourock in Inverclyde has been moved to a safer location, the Royal Navy has said.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has proposed that the World Cup should be rotated between countries in a more equitable way.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager after relegation from National League South.
The bells of St Mary's Church in St Albans have been rung out for the first time in more than 200 years.
Plans to turn a former Reading college into apartments have been submitted to the city's council.
England prop Billy Vunipola is set to return from injury in time for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday, 5 March.
A rail line in the Conwy Valley has been closed for several days due to flooding, while a tree has been removed from a line in Ceredigion.
A man who stabbed a man to death in a street brawl has been jailed for life for his murder.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
A pod of up to 20 sperm whales has died after it washed up on a beach in the French town of Saint-Etienne, near the Belgian border.
A hospital is looking at ways to solve parking problems at its site in West Sussex.
Eurotunnel has apologised for delays to its Channel Tunnel services after it said it was unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers.
A new study by the World Bank has found that between 2004 and 2012, the number of women in the workforce in India dropped by almost 50%.
Leicester defender Danny Drinkwater is available after missing the win over Chelsea with a hamstring injury.
A County Antrim MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in his constituency.
A primary school which was closed after a dispute over the conduct of its head teacher is to reopen after a week.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray is confident the team can reach the Pro12 play-offs for the second year in a row.
A man has been arrested after a man died in a crash on the M1 in Surrey.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a six-month driving ban after being found guilty of drink-driving.
French actress Anne Lebeau, best known for her role in the World War Two film Casablanca, has died aged 93.
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a back injury.
The two candidates in Ecuador's presidential election will go through to a second round after the first round was called for Sunday's vote.
England's one-day team will face a heavily armed Bangladesh army in the first of three matches in Dhaka on Friday, the first international since a deadly attack on a cafe in the country.
Thousands of government employees' passwords and emails have been found on the internet, leaving them vulnerable to cyber-espionage, according to a security firm.
The Scottish Secretary has said he is "disappointed" that the UK government has not made its strategic intentions clear on leaving the EU clear enough, while Scottish Economy Secretary Alex Russell has said the Scottish government will not be "cowed" by the UK's approach to Brexit.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his team can learn from their experience at the Elite League play-offs and return to the finals next season.
Olympic champion Lizzy Smith will lead a GB weightlifting team of eight at the European Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool are set to reject a bid of £20m from Valencia for Spain defender Alberto Moreno, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The architect of Dundee's £100m Museum of Art has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the project.
Hundreds of people have protested in Venice, Italy, against the loss of thousands of people to the city's tourist industry.
Two men who dumped more than 40 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "significant opportunities" for Scottish businesses in China.
In the spring of 2015, Yau Ching-ting was a rising star in Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement, and now she is fighting for independence for the territory.
Marcus Rashford scored a dramatic late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht in a dramatic Europa League quarter-final second leg to reach the semi-finals.
African governments are tightening their laws to fight cyber crime and regulate social media, but critics say these laws could also be used to silence critics and stifle dissent.
The UK's EU referendum campaign was "highly negative" and "highly personality-based", with few high-profile politicians able to persuade voters, a report has said.
Theresa May's campaign for the general election is focused on Brexit and the Welsh Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, but the Conservatives are also targeting Welsh voters in the general campaign.
Johanna Konta says she is determined to improve on her form after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals, but admits she has a lot of work to do.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande for £32m on a five-year deal.
Thousands of people in Leeds have been left without water after a problem with the water supply.
A Santa Claus attraction which was criticised for being "a rip-off" and "a disaster" has closed just days before Christmas, leaving thousands of people without a chance to meet the famous man in the red suit.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been asked to become UKIP's next MEP.
Ghana's government has reversed a policy that has been a major source of frustration for nurses for years.
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for safer footpaths after an inquest found the attack was accidental.
Bill Bailey has said his tour bus was stolen during a show at the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall, but the show went ahead after the thief stole his van.
Manchester United's record signing of Wayne Rooney has been hailed as a success and the club have given him a five-year contract worth £85m a year up to 2019.
Plymouth Argyle defender Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Asian shares were mixed on Monday, with Japan's Nikkei closing lower despite the country's economy growing faster than expected in the first quarter.
Woodside Petroleum has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by higher realised prices for its liquefied natural gas (LNG) and higher production.
If you run a small business, you might not know that a security flaw in a popular piece of software has exposed the personal data of more than two million of your customers.
A new code of practice for police officers carrying out stop and search is to be published by the Scottish government.
Rail passengers faced major disruption on the Borders Railway on Friday afternoon after a number of trains were cancelled or delayed.
The Welsh Rugby Union has defended its record on drug testing after the number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs rose by more than a third in the past three years.
Pope Francis has condemned the mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks in World War One as "genocide", in his first remarks on the issue since the war ended.
Lance Armstrong's decision to admit he used performance-enhancing drugs and admit he would do it again has led to questions about whether he has changed or not.
If you're planning to drink at Glastonbury this weekend, you might be wondering whether you should pay £5 for a beaker of water, or just take a few of the reusable cups that are being offered at the festival's bars.
The first helicopter crews have been based at Inverness Airport since the Scottish Coastguard launched its search and rescue operations in 2014.
Manchester City have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts, the governing body has confirmed.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office after his ruling coalition was defeated in a parliamentary vote.
Sky has apologised for problems with its broadband network, which it says have been caused by a " combination of underlying traffic and a high rate of new customer additions".
The security breach at Westminster that led to the Westminster attack was a "failure of security policy", a security expert has said.
A drug that can treat a type of leukaemia can be stopped completely after a year to reduce side-effects, a study suggests.
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Australia has died in hospital, police have said.
Atletico Madrid defender Luis Suarez says Barcelona's players should not have been sent off for the way they reacted to being sent off in their Champions League clash.
Northern Ireland's film industry is growing rapidly, but there are only a handful of people from the country working in the industry in the US.
Two men have been arrested in Paris after police seized drugs worth more than 1.2m euros (£1.1m) in ecstasy tablets and cocaine worth more Than 1m euros in a drugs bust.
Jeremy Corbyn's rise to the leadership of Labour was a huge coup for the party, but it was also a huge boost for the Parliamentary democracy that he was able to use it to his advantage.
The town centre of a town that was once a major manufacturing centre in the Republic of Ireland is now a ghost town.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed, following an invitation from Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a British ship in the English Channel during World War II.
The government has rejected a Labour call to review the future of high-speed betting machines on High Streets after the party was defeated in the Commons.
Ethiopia's most famous athlete, Haile Gebrselassie, has announced his retirement from running, but his legacy will live on beyond the sport.
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times is a man who has been largely unknown to the outside world - but his name is Kaori Kita.
Luis Suarez has lost his appeal against a four-month ban for biting a player after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) upheld Fifa's decision to uphold the punishment.
Ross County have signed Lithuania international midfielder Darija Sernas on a two-year deal after he left Polish second-tier side Pobolskie Białystok.
US Soccer has announced plans to introduce a new concussion policy for young players and to introduce new rules for substitution rules.
Shares in Sky have jumped sharply after 21st Century Fox said it has agreed to make a takeover offer for the UK pay TV company.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation offences and released on bail.
Police are hunting two men who threatened a post office worker with a knife and stole £1,000 in cash during an armed robbery in Glasgow.
Thousands of teenagers have started the Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor.
A chronology of key events surrounding the £1.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio to US investment firm PIMCO in 2014.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after two others were swept away by the sea at a beauty spot.
A school has suspended two staff members over allegations of historical sexual abuse.
Former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast striker Souleymane Cisse has paid tribute to former team-mate Cheick Tiote at a memorial service for the former Newcastle United player who died in China.
Asian shares were lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election, with the price of copper hitting a five-year low.
Blackberry has reported a small profit for the first quarter of the year, as the company's new flagship smartphone, the Z10, performed well in its first few days on sale.
Proserv, a West Lothian-based subsea engineering and technology firm, has won two new contracts worth £50m in North Sea oil and gas drilling.
The independent review body, the School Teachers' Review Board (STRB), has warned of a need for "significantly higher" teacher salaries in the future.
The European Union's general election has taken place in all 28 member states, with the UK and the Netherlands the only two countries to hold elections without a formal run-off.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddi cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe yn cael ei adeiladu ac yna asesu ei effaith ar y ddwy o
A council tax rise will not be held after a public consultation failed to persuade residents to back it, the mayor of Liverpool has said.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend a controversial biofuels quota for corn, which it says is driving up food prices.
The shape of beer glasses may not be as important as the amount of alcohol you drink, according to a study of more than 150 people.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder David Dugdale and defender Jordan Cole on one-year deals after they were released by Wrexham.
The crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam after a video game project was pulled from its website.
The trial of the man accused of the Boston Marathon bombings has heard evidence that the bombs were "directly through" the bodies of the victims.
The strike by midwives and nurses in England and Wales has ended, but what happens next for the NHS in England?
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home after they say they were denied use of their facilities because they were married to men.
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been launched to allow visitors to experience the hidden world beneath the city.
A mother who left her toddler in a car for hours in a hot car in Australia had a memory lapse that led to his death, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered 23 genes that control the body's immune system and could help to slow the spread of cancer, a study in mice suggests.
England all-rounder Heather Brunt was out for the final ball of Perth Thunder's Women's Big Bash League semi-final as they lost to Adelaide Strikers.
The Scottish press is predicting a second independence referendum in June after the SNP lost control of Dundee City Council and the Scottish Conservatives won a number of seats in the local elections.
A house once owned by the explorer and explorer, Queen of the Desert, Alice Bell, is in a "desperately" need of restoration, an MP has said.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the former Russian oil tycoon and political activist who was jailed for fraud, says he is considering seeking asylum in the UK.
Cladding samples sent in to the government to check for safety concerns have failed all of the tests so far, the prime minister has said.
North Korea has launched a new alcohol that will not leave you with a hangover, according to the Pyongyang Times.
Newcastle Falcons coach Keith Richards says his side are "far better" than their poor start to the Premiership season.
A seven-year-old boy was left on a school bus for three months in Powys in the past year, his father has said.
US President Donald Trump has been criticised for using a study to suggest that withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would have a negligible impact on global temperatures.
A soldier who died on an Army reservist's SAS selection exercise collapsed 100 yards from the finish line and was "half-an-hour from the end" of the march, an inquest has heard.
Google is developing a blood-testing kit that could help doctors detect cancer and other diseases much earlier in patients' lives.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players and instead focus on the players who have given everything.
League Two side Morecambe have signed defender Jordan Edwards from fellow strugglers Southend United on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A care worker who stole more than £20,000 from a vulnerable man to fund a "lavish lifestyle" has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says the world's national associations are "overwhelming" in favour of the idea of a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her death that she felt police did not do enough to investigate the disappearance of her sister.
A "destructive vicious circle" is developing in England where millions of older people are struggling to cope with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing and going to the toilet, a charity has warned.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man in a street in the Stirling area after stabbing him in the chest with a kitchen knife.
At least 40 soldiers from Yemen's elite Special Security Forces have been killed in an air strike by Saudi-led coalition warplanes in the capital, Sanaa, officials say.
The Irish government's environment minister, Jim Frazer, has been asked by the Dáil (Irish parliament) to suspend a planned republican rally in Dublin on Saturday.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title with a comfortable victory in the final race of the season in Valencia.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's decision to release 37 prisoners it says are "dangerous insurgents" linked to attacks on US forces in Afghanistan.
Ben Affleck has won the top directing prize at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) Awards for his film Argo, which has been nominated for five Oscars.
Nigeria's military has begun a major operation to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist bases and activities", the Ministry of Defence says.
Tributes have been paid to sports journalist Peter Corrigan, who has died aged 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the head and chest.
Britain's Tom Latham won a bronze medal in the men's scratch sprint at the Track Cycling World Championships as he finished third in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named a strong squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 campaign, which starts on Saturday, 1 July.
Actresses Helen Chancellor and Helen Richardson are to star in a new BBC One comedy-drama series based on the classic 1930s novels Lucia and Elizabeth Mapp.
Joseph Clark, a father of three from Liverpool, was killed in the Hillsborough disaster.
A teenager who held a machete to the neck of a taxi driver in a bid to steal his change has admitted assault and theft.
Jodie Taylor's second-half goal gave England a win over the Netherlands in their final warm-up game before Euro 2017 as they continued their unbeaten run with victory in their first match since the World Cup.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal from next season.
Britain's Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe after finishing the first day of the race in third place.
An Australian parliament has voted to describe US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug", in a move seen as a political stunt.
Former Olympic champions Sir Steve Redgrave and Chris Hoy will join Sir Chris Hoy as part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has received a £1.5m payment from the owner of a drilling rig that grounded in the Western Isles last year.
The UK government is facing calls to find an alternative to Operation Stack, the "nightmare" lorry park that has caused disruption to drivers and commuters trying to cross the Channel between the UK and France.
A man who was shot in the head in a Pontypridd street has died in hospital, police have said.
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time in their history as a stunning last-ball Twenty20 international from Carlos Brathwaite saw off England by five wickets in a thrilling final in Abu Dhabi.
South African journalist Jules Coetzee, who exposed the existence of a secret apartheid-era spy agency, has died at the age of 83.
Former Hillsborough disaster commander David Duckenfield is among six people to be charged with criminal offences over the 1989 disaster, prosecutors have announced.
Archaeologists have revealed the remains of a Bronze Age village in the Highlands that have been uncovered during the construction of the West Link road.
The square in the centre of the German city of Munich is a hive of activity.
The Workers Party has said it is unhappy with the way the BBC has treated it in the run-up to the general election.
A van used by boxer Floyd Mayweather was damaged in a petrol bomb attack before it was set on fire in front of the boxer.
A seven-year-old girl was injured when a vapouriser from a Harry Potter-themed ride exploded on a theme park ride in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after being injured in an accident involving a chainsaw in south London.
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to rise by more than 50% in the next decade, according to researchers.
Scotland's friendly win over Poland will mean little in the build-up to their next match, according to manager Gordon Strachan.
A man who tried to carry out a hoax shooting near two Worthing primary schools by carrying a fake gun and a knife has been jailed.
All Saints Day has taken on a new meaning for many Poles living in the UK, as they mark the occasion by cleaning up and lighting candles at graves in a cemetery in London.
New rules on the way broadband adverts are advertised have come into force, after a review of the way they were presented.
A member of staff has been seriously injured in a robbery at a Borders Post Office.
Northern Ireland's jobs creation agency has said that the failure to pass a bill to devolve corporation tax to Stormont will jeopardise investment and jobs.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed after heavy rain caused a landslip.
Luton Town striker Lee Tomlin has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted child sex offender who was due to be released from prison has been deported from the UK, the Ministry of Justice has said.
The Conservatives have held on to all but one of their seats in Dorset, with the Liberal Democrats holding on to the Mid Dorset and North Poole seat.
A budget of £1.3m has been agreed by Aberdeen City Council, which will see the council make savings of £2.5m.
A review of the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee is to be carried out after the High Court in Livingston heard that social services failed to properly investigate his death.
US President Donald Trump has signed a new executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US for 90 days.
Australia is to strip citizenship from people who fight for terrorist groups or engage in terrorism-related conduct inspired by them, the government has announced.
Fifteen soldiers who refused to stand up during a parade have been sentenced for disobeying a lawful command at a court martial.
A man has been left " scarred for life" after being seriously assaulted in an unprovoked attack in a pub in Glasgow.
US comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced he is to release his first solo album.
Britain's Dan Evans and Andy Murray both reached the Australian Open fourth round with impressive victories on day three in Melbourne.
Jared Allen has announced his retirement from the NFL after his second spell with the Minnesota Vikings.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Liam Dunkley on a two-year deal.
The high seas need a new international agreement to protect biodiversity and the ocean commons, scientists say.
A fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash that killed six people is to be published on Monday.
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has claimed that DUP advisers have been involved in a plot to prevent the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme being reduced because of their links to the poultry industry.
A new police control room service in Dumfries has performed "to the satisfaction of the public" despite the closure of the previous site, a report has found.
Transport Scotland has said it is considering extending the Borders Railway to the south of England.
A bid to stop a £1.5m wind farm project in Powys being built on the site of a medieval Tudor farm has been heard at the High Court in Cardiff.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's return to the team has made him a "fantastic signing" after he replaced Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy as the Baggies' top scorer.
A herd of herdwick sheep have been installed in the Lake District to raise money for a charity.
England captain Gary Cahill says Spain's 1-0 win in their friendly in Spain was "flattered" by the hosts.
A gold pendant made from a copy of a Byzantine coin found in Norfolk is one of a number of finds discovered in the county in recent years, a museum has said.
UKIP has denied claims that one of its most prominent donors has left the party after claiming he was suspended from it.
A busy north west Cardiff road could be transformed to make way for a new cycle lane as part of a £1.5m transport plan.
A County Londonderry man and his daughter have made history in the cricketing world.
A protest has been held in Calderdale over the "appalling" abuse of children at a care home in the county.
Irish police are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead by gunmen who stole his car after they fled the scene of the crime.
A "zombie" bug that causes caterpillars to "zombify" has been found on a nature reserve in Lancashire.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile who raped and sexually assaulted young girls in the 1970s and 1980s has been jailed for 20 years.
Brentford moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win over struggling Bolton Wanderers.
The mother of a teenager who disappeared nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police are now focusing on a car seen in the area just minutes after the last CCTV images of him were taken.
Alex Davies and Nick Jarvis shared a century stand of 91 to help Lancashire take a slender lead over Derbyshire on day two of their Division Two match at Old Trafford.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time since 1986 with a dramatic 2-1 win over DR Congo in a thrilling quarter-final in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Eight Aston Villa and Leicester City fans arrested after a fight broke out during the Premier League match between the sides have been released on bail.
On the eve of Christmas Day, World War Two Luftwaffe planes dropped a series of bombs on Manchester, killing more than 600 people and injuring thousands more.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Castleford Tigers lost to Widnes Vikings to end the Super League season with a record-equalling 40th try in a season.
Sony Pictures has been the victim of a massive hack attack that has seen the studio's name and emails leaked online.
A man who killed a woman in a Caerphilly county hotel after stabbing her to death had made death threats to other people, an inquest has heard.
People with long-term health conditions are more likely to experience "hopelessness and despair" if they do not learn to live with their symptoms, according to research from an Edinburgh university.
Six Russian cross-country skiers have been given a temporary suspension from international competition by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) for failing drugs tests.
The Clydesdale Bank has set aside an extra £1.2bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra has died after being shot with a tranquiliser dart and running into a lake at a golf course in Japan, police say.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former hospital in the centre of Glasgow.
The French police have been praised for their response to the Paris attacks, which left 130 people dead and hundreds injured.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of polygraph tests for new police recruits in Nigeria.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, the seminal political manifesto, is to be auctioned off.
Footprints of a child's foot have been found on a Ceredigion beach for the first time in the UK, in what could be the first documented evidence of human habitation in the area.
A former Petrobras executive has named more than 100 Brazilian politicians he claims were involved in a corruption scheme at the state oil company.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal.
The UK is to contribute £100m to a new prison in Jamaica to help send prisoners who are serving sentences in UK jails back home.
The Bangladesh central bank has admitted that it did not take basic security precautions when hackers stole $81m (£55m) from its account in the US.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
A few years ago, Rangers defender Arran Foster was sitting in a bar in Glasgow with his family when a fan approached him and made a comment that would have made any player's day.
A major engineering firm is to create 100 jobs in Brechin, Angus, with the construction of a new £30m manufacturing facility.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Broady in the first round of Wimbledon, and I'm sure he's nervous about it too.
Three universities in England have published higher tuition fees for the next academic year, ahead of a vote on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after an alleged assault in a Harrogate pub on New Year's Eve.
Mae'r datblygwyr Cwmni Datblygu Blaenau'r Cymoedd wedi cyhoeddi cynllun yn "ystyried y cynnig yn ofalus" yn dweud yn cael e
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable victory over Norwich City.
Manchester City will have "amazing options" when Sergio Aguero returns from his ban for Sunday's derby against Manchester United, says United boss Jose Mourinho.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says he will be playing his 1,000th game in charge of a Premier League club when he takes charge of Stoke City on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced he will retire from Test cricket at the end of the current season.
Celtic will be without two of their top forwards for the Champions League play-off round tie against Rosenborg on Wednesday.
A strategy to support major festivals and events in Dumfries and Galloway has been "generally met its objectives", according to a report by Dumfry and Gallaway Council.
Violence at a prison in Staffordshire where two inmates died in separate incidents in January has risen to "very high" levels, inspectors have said.
Ireland captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to follow Paul O'Connell as coach of the national side.
The annual National Chainsaw Carving Championships is getting under way in the Highlands.
A group representing mosques and imams has said it is working to improve standards at madrassas after a teacher was convicted of cruelty against children.
It has been a drama like no other - the battle between Boris Johnson and Michael Gove for the Tory leadership, the battle for the party's top job, the fight for the country, the struggle for the world.
The UK's energy regulator has said it is "disappointing" that more than half of households are still on standard variable tariffs.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's Lulworth Castle Festival, organisers have announced.
Northampton Saints' Sam Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking with his shoulder during Saturday's defeat by Newcastle Falcons.
The government must find homes for the Grenfell Tower survivors and re-housed them locally, Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs.
The price of the Bitcoin currency has fallen sharply in the wake of a controversial statement made by a prominent developer.
A motorcyclist has died after crashing into a tree in Lancashire.
A group of Iranian girls from Tehran have won a medal for their "can-do attitude" after taking part in a science and technology competition in the US.
Ospreys produced a dominant performance to thrash Benetton Treviso and record their first Pro12 win of the season.
The first minister has paid tribute to the "extraordinary" winter weather that has seen Scotland's temperatures drop to their lowest level since 1910.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an appendix abscess and will not be able to tour for at least a month after he was diagnosed with the illness.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys has reignited a long-running dispute over who should control the technology.
In a report published on Tuesday, the investment bank Deutsche Bank said that it was "very concerned" about the political and economic prospects for the UK.
US manufacturing activity slowed to its lowest level in more than a year in June, according to a closely watched survey, while construction activity rose to its highest level in nearly eight years.
Muhammad Ali's death has been marked by a series of events in the Democratic Republic of Congo, including the 50th anniversary of his world heavyweight title win over George Foreman.
The leisure centre in Camden, south London, is normally a place for people to relax and enjoy the sunshine.
The new series of Benefits Street is about a young man who is homeless and ends up in a new home.
Aer Lingus has cancelled its summer flights from Dublin to Cork and Belfast after a "substantial increase in demand".
A huge explosion has rocked the Turkish city of Diyarbakir, in the south-eastern province of Kayseri, killing at least one person, the interior minister has said.
The Queen's granddaughter, Princess Anne, has been crowned the Queen of England for the second time.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in a park in Manchester on New Year's Eve.
Portadown will hope to keep their slim hopes of avoiding Premiership relegation alive when they host Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
Hackers from pro-Ukrainian and anti-Russian activist groups are using the internet to disrupt the government and rebel forces in eastern Ukraine.
A man who tried to board a flight from Edinburgh Airport with a suitcase containing more than 20 knives and knuckledusters has been jailed for six months.
Tata Steel is set to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks for £1.3bn, the BBC understands.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever score in an Open Championship at Royal Troon to lead by three shots after the first round of the Open Championship.
The Olympic Park is set to open on Friday, with the opening ceremony and opening ceremony taking place in the Olympic Park.
(Close): The London market closed flat, with shares in telecoms firm Dixons Carphone and WH Smith among the biggest fallers, but Royal Mail shares rose after it announced a new chairman.
Violence in prisons in England and Wales has risen sharply, with more than 15 assaults on prison staff every day, figures show.
Landowners are being urged to give their dogs more space in sensitive areas after a number of high-profile incidents involving dogs in the countryside.
A Northern Ireland singer is visiting the US to launch a campaign to encourage more people to sign up to the bone marrow registry.
The Welsh Government's budget for 2017/18 will be unveiled later.
A lorry has crashed into a house, causing a major road and rail disruption and damaging a railway line.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured Cian Healy on their tour of Australia.
The scandal surrounding a Malaysian state investment fund, 1MDB, has been a major political and economic scandal in the country for the last year.
A £30m strategy to build more than 100 new homes in Glasgow's Govanhill area has been approved by councillors.
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade, with analysts warning that further falls could be on the way.
A scheme which helps young people in Wales find jobs by placing them in work is to be temporarily closed, the BBC has learned.
Thousands of people have taken part in rallies across the UK to protest against the new US President Donald Trump.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following a stabbing.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap is to be launched by MSPs.
A patient was left waiting for more than eight hours for a doctor to decide whether she needed to be admitted to hospital and was not offered any food or drink, her family has said.
The European Parliament has said it will investigate allegations that France's far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen and other MEPs received €1.3m (£1.1m; $1.4m) in fraudulent payments from the EU.
The government is to impose a £35,000 (£30,000) earnings cap on the right to settlement for non-Europeans who want to stay in the UK, in a bid to cut net migration.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best tourist attraction for 10 years running.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to be balloted on strike action over the introduction of all-night services on the Night Tube, the Aslef union has said.
A Victorian fort in Gwynedd is to reopen to the public after a £1.5m restoration.
Flooding in Wrexham has caused "catastrophic" damage to homes and businesses, with some residents having to be rehoused.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption in a case involving a luxury residential complex in Jerusalem.
The EU has begun talks in Brussels on a plan to end the migrant crisis in Europe by sending back migrants to Turkey.
The UK has warned its citizens against travelling to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi over new laws that have been criticised for discriminating against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says he was right to believe the club would not be able to sustain top-flight football in their current stadium.
Police have said they are treating the death of a man in the Glenfinnan area of Glasgow as "unexplained".
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with victory at Derby County.
The best way to throw a piece of paper into a bin is to release it at the slowest possible speed, according to a new study.
Warwickshire have extended the contracts of three Birmingham Bears players, including seamer Joe Thornton, who has signed a new three-year contract with the Bears.
Vote Leave has launched a competition to see who can win £50m by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for ice across Scotland on Saturday night.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is "surprised" not to see a big exodus from the club following their promotion to the Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has dismissed suggestions that he could be the next president of world football's governing body after Sepp Blatter.
New dads are often told they have a condition called post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) - a condition that can cause anxiety, depression and sleeplessness.
Newcastle United and Sky Sports have dropped darts commentator Eric Bristow from their coverage after he made "appalling" comments about child sex abuse victims.
A man and woman have been charged with murder after a woman was found dead in a car in Bath.
The BBC is to launch an Ideas Service, a new cultural platform that will bring together the best of Britain's cultural institutions, in a bid to make Britain the "greatest cultural force in the world".
Home Depot has reported a sharp rise in sales, helped by a strong US housing market, which has boosted demand for home improvement products.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Dale striker Nyal Bell on a one-year deal after he impressed on loan.
A Turkish court has begun hearing the trial of eight people accused of involvement in a coalmine disaster that killed more than 600 people.
The UK-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq has said it is "increasingly confident" that the group will fall in Mosul.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo beat Marcelo Dodig and Marcel Granollers 6-4 6-3 to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final and set up a final against France's Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with making an explosive device after a bomb alert at a London Underground station.
A court in India has sentenced to death seven policemen to death for killing 11 Sikh men in a fake encounter in 1993, in the latest in a series of high-profile fake encounter cases.
China's schools should adopt the English approach to education, says a leading British education expert.
Employees at UK companies could be given a say in how their bosses are paid, under government plans to tackle high levels of executive pay.
A shipyard that was taken over by a private equity firm last year is aiming to create 1,300 jobs in the next five years.
The sister of a teenager who was murdered in Manchester more than 40 years ago has made an emotional appeal for information about her death.
The family of a teenager who died after a crash have said their "hearts have been utterly broken" by her death.
Five members of the Guernsey Housing Department board have resigned in protest at the department's handling of its finances.
Chelsea have appointed Guus Hiddink as Jose Mourinho's successor as interim manager for the rest of the season, after the Portuguese was sacked on Thursday.
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6-2 6-3 to Chan siblings Chan Yung-sook and Lin Dan in the final of the Hong Kong Open.
Australia retained the Four Nations title with a comprehensive victory over New Zealand at Anfield as they produced a dominant display to win the tournament for the fourth time in a row.
A new surf lagoon in Snowdonia has been forced to close for the winter after a "serious failure" in its machinery.
A campaign has been launched to save the clock tower of a former mill that was destroyed in an arson attack.
The new head of Oxford University has said that universities should not be afraid to debate radical ideas, because they are the "best possible antidote to radicalisation".
The 12-year-old film The 12-Step has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle awards for best film.
The deputy chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is among three senior staff to be sacked in the past week.
World number one Lydia Ko is in contention for a second Women's PGA Championship title after a second-round 69 at the Safeway Open.
The chief executive of BT's Openreach division, Joe Garner, is to leave the telecoms firm to take up the same role at the Nationwide building society.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
A plan to merge two schools in Gwynedd has been put on hold after the Church in Wales said it had received objections from the council.
A gang member who smuggled guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years.
The New Horizons spacecraft is about to launch a thruster burn that will help it make a very precise approach to Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps from Sale Sharks for the 2016-17 season.
The government has delayed its decision on the final investment decision on a new nuclear power station in the UK until autumn, after the project was approved by the company behind it.
Grimsby Town came from behind to beat Aldershot Town and move up to third in the National League.
McDonald's has said it's worried it could run out of French fries in Japan by the end of the year.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his first appearance for Cambridge University in the Varsity match against Oxford on Saturday.
Judges in England and Wales could be given more power to jail sex offenders who sexually abuse vulnerable victims, under new proposals.
Wigan Athletic have signed winger Jordan Powell from Manchester United on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he is open to working with the far-right Freedom Party, after his party's defeat in presidential elections.
When Jordan Spieth was a boy of 14, he was offered a deal by his father: if he won the US Junior Amateur Championship at the age of 14 and his mother gave him a golf club, he would get a free trip to the Masters and a free family holiday.
Millions of people who have not yet renewed their tax credits for the year to April 2016 can do so until Sunday night, the tax authority has said.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder is set to be appointed Bolton Wanderers' new manager, the Championship club have confirmed.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston was left frustrated after his side missed out on a chance to make it two wins from two in a weekend that saw them drop points twice in the Elite League.
A container ship with a capacity of more than 19,000 tonnes has become the world's largest.
Glamorgan bowled out Gloucestershire for 220 on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Cardiff, with the visitors' bowlers taking the better of the day.
The government is "perverse and counterproductive" to shift money from a sugar tax fund to pay for healthy-pupils schemes at the expense of children's health, local authorities have warned.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced that it will name its next Defender car after the iconic car it has been selling for more than 60 years.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk will be available for the start of the new season, says manager Claude Puel.
Akzo Nobel has rejected a second bid from US paint maker PPG Industries for the Dulux paint maker, saying it is "unacceptable" and "unfair".
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 to reach the second round of the SWPL League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that Yemen will run out of food aid "very soon" and that millions of people could die from hunger.
United Airlines has said it will stop flying its Belfast to Newark route in September.
South Africa coach Orlando Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the team's poor form as they look to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Russia has launched a new online version of the world's most popular online encyclopedia, Wikipedia, to provide a more accurate picture of the country.
When David Fearon was told he would not be able to compete at the 2016 Olympics, he thought he would give up on athletics.
Scottish football could learn from Major League Soccer's success in the United States if the two clubs play in the country, says Kris Boyd.
Five men arrested after two children were killed when a car hit a tree in Oldham have been released on bail.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jordan Gape on a two-year deal.
A boy who ran a 5km race without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards for his "outstanding contribution to sport".
The UN climate change conference in Copenhagen in 2009 was supposed to be the moment when world leaders agreed to tackle the issue, but the process has stalled since then, with no agreement in sight.
Former England and Tottenham midfielder David Ginola has launched his bid to become the next Fifa president, saying the current system is "not working".
Former champion Kerry Doherty will face world number two Mark Evans in the first round of the World Championship qualifying draw at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield on 7 April.
It is not every day you get to meet the man who played your county captain, captaincy coach and coach.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his squad for the Africa Cup of Nations finals in Gabon will be fit despite a number of injury concerns.
A man died after being Tasered by a police officer who feared he was about to set himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer to the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Wildfires have spread across northern California, forcing thousands of people to flee their homes and forcing the evacuation of thousands more.
Southport have sacked manager Steve Burr and assistant manager Gary Watson after a run of three straight defeats.
A California woman who was kidnapped and chained up and branded with a message was beaten so badly by her captors that her skin was branded with the message "I'm here to stay", a sheriff has said.
A community group has been set up to reopen a Victorian hot baths in Reading which will close after the council said it would not be able to afford to maintain it.
Emoji week is back!..
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".
Canada's Adam Hadwin won the Canadian Open for the second time in three years after a dramatic finish at Royal Troon.
A group of prominent figures in the community in north Belfast has been urged to reconsider a protest against a new agreement on sectarian parades.
A tree planted by suffragettes 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
World track champion and Northern Ireland's most decorated cyclist Shane Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says he is "fingers crossed" he can end his England exile after a fine season under manager Louis van Gaal.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in Tamil Nadu state has started generating electricity, despite opposition from opponents.
A coroner has said he will write to the government about concerns about weekend staffing at a hospital where a woman died after an operation.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy has questioned the officiating in their Pro12 defeat by Munster on Saturday.
The UK's only nuclear-powered naval base has been placed under "special measures" for a third time because of "significant safety concerns" at the site.
A man wanted by police investigating a fatal stabbing in Dumfries has been found.
A boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls in a playground, police have said.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Adams in their defeat at Birmingham City.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been found dead in a house in London.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more hospitals to allow dogs and other animals on wards, saying they can help patients and staff in a "remarkable difference".
Eating disorders charities are calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives to be introduced in the UK after a BBC Watchdog investigation found that children were buying large quantities of the medicine in large quantities.
The UK's top trade minister has told the BBC that he wants Britain to have as free a trading relationship with the European Union as possible after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two more men as part of an investigation into the London terror attack.
Teachers' pay and conditions will be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
A teenager is in a critical condition in hospital after a car crashed into a tree in a park in Edinburgh.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new exhibition at Auschwitz, marking the 70th anniversary of the Holocaust, at the former Nazi death camp in Poland's capital Warsaw.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has risen by more than a third in the past year, with more than 200 arriving in the last three months.
Former Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is the founder of the Windsor Run, a series of public events aimed at getting people active.
A man has died after a tank crashed into a car during a large-scale Nato exercise in Norway, the military says.
The scene outside the mosque in Kano where more than 200 people were killed when two suicide bombers and gunmen attacked worshippers on Friday is one of shock and anger.
Italian police have seized a fortune of more than 1.5bn euros ($1.8bn; Â£1.1bn) from a notorious criminal who made his fortune by altering slot machines, in a major anti-mafia operation.
Two Australian men have been sentenced to three years in jail and eight strokes of the cane in Singapore for vandalising a train.
A project to protect the heritage of Snowdonia's mountains has been given initial funding of more than £200,000.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strikes on a Syrian airbase, state media say, saying it will strengthen its nuclear deterrent.
Belfast Giants have announced that they will host an all-star match in November in honour of the club's all-time leading goal scorer Colin Shields.
A British man who was arrested in Turkey on Saturday on suspicion of terrorism charges has been released on bail, his lawyer has said.
A protest has been held against the planned HS2 rail line in south London to allow the excavation of a former burial ground.
Kent's Chris Stevens hit a century to give his side a chance of securing second place in Division Two and a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after a rain-affected game against Essex.
The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has said it is "normal" to offer aid to Syrian rebels, but that it will not be used as a military force.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he expects a second independence referendum to be held "in the autumn of 2018".
A large fire has broken out at a woodchip mill in Surrey, forcing the closure of a road and the evacuation of several homes.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire, prompting a controlled explosion.
Police officers in Powys are to start wearing body cameras in a bid to improve transparency and speed up investigations into complaints against officers.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa for Comic Relief in March.
Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he were to join Celtic, according to former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson.
A woman has died in police custody after being found unresponsive in her cell at a Lancashire station.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt praised his side's fightback after they suffered a disastrous start to their Six Nations opener against Argentina.
A Japanese father who left his six-year-old son for six days in a ditch after he threw stones at cars has said he has forgiven him and that he is a "good dad".
A pensioner who was caught driving home after a night out in Aberdeenshire has been given a community payback order.
A £940,000 bill for restoration work carried out on a former hospital will not be paid, it has been announced.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on leave after a video emerged of him abusing a Palestinian driver in a row over a parking space.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is the best in English football, according to former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
A temp agency has been criticised for an advert for a personal assistant with a "b-c cup" which it says is "unlawful" and "demeaning" to women.
A third of English Christians do not believe in Jesus, a Church of England survey has found, with more than half believing he was a real person.
Four little girls who died when a World War One soldier accidentally blew up an unexploded German shell in Wrexham have been buried unmarked in the same village where they were killed.
The daughter of former Labour peer Lord Janner, who is facing allegations of historical child sex abuse, has said it is "outrageous" that the inquiry into the allegations against him will not cross examine witnesses.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been criticised for the violence at his rallies, after a series of clashes between supporters and protesters.
People who read tabloids make less progress in vocabulary than those who read highbrow fiction, a study has found.
Lincoln City have signed defender Chris Davis from fellow National League side Scunthorpe United on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted... (Sorry, this is a long post...)
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit of legal experts to discuss the implications of Brexit for Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers have reached the islands of Vanuatu where the cyclone that hit the country last week has caused extensive damage.
A man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a woman who was dragged by the neck through a street in Hannover.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places as goals from Liam Roberts and Darren Fletcher saw off Coventry City.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor form is not down to a lack of confidence.
In the summer of 1940, Mahatma Gandhi was in his final days.
A man has been charged in connection with two sex attacks on two women in Edinburgh.
A company which was given £1.5m of Welsh government funding to set up a communications centre in Torfaen has gone into liquidation, leaving staff "devastated".
A former mayor who resigned after a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape was granted a licence has been told to "examine his conscience" over his actions.
American Jason Dufner moved into a two-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Arnold Palmer Invitational after an eagle at the TPC Louisiana.
Cyclists have been banned from riding in a Mansfield town centre for the Tour of Britain after a council said it was "too dangerous".
Three Syrian refugees who overpowered a suspected terror suspect in Leipzig, Germany, and tied him up in a basement have been hailed as heroes by the country's media.
Working-age households in the UK have become wealthier in real terms over the past decade, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing Podemos (We Can) party has entered the race for the general election, with the Socialists (PSOE) and the communist-led United Left (UCL) also in the running, as campaigning gets under way ahead of June's vote.
Liverpool have signed Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee of £35m, subject to a work permit.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station in the early hours of Saturday.
BP has announced two big announcements today..
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from a school in Manchester for failing to wear the right clothes.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film on Indian boxer Mary Kom, who hopes the film will help bridge the gap between the country's north-eastern and southern sections.
The new Queensferry Crossing could open by May 2017, six months earlier than previously planned, the project's boss has said.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by a group of parents who say it is "not a crime to smack".
The BBC's Chinese correspondent, Chen Jiasheng, has been covering the Wukan protests in southern China for the past five years and he's been told by the government that the village will never be able to continue its protest movement without international media coverage.
It's been the greatest election campaign in history, the greatest in history of the world, the most exciting, the strangest, the saddest, most bizarre, the best, the worst, the biggest, the least predictable, the funniest, the weirdest, and the most bizarre.
A Kent company has opened a £1.5m factory to produce washing machines for the UK, the first of its kind in the country.
US President Barack Obama has said he was "distracted" by David Cameron's handling of the Libyan intervention that led to the overthrow of Colonel Gaddafi, in an interview.
A man who was convicted of training FARC rebels in Colombia has asked the Court of Appeal to quash a weapons conviction he received in Northern Ireland 32 years ago.
North Korea has sentenced a US citizen to life in prison for life in jail for "hostile acts" after he was found guilty of espionage and other charges.
Motherwell midfielder Dom Thomas has joined League One side East Fife for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions beat Salford Red Devils to secure a place in the Super 8s and end the season on a high with a win that saw them finish bottom of the Super League table.
Dame Barbara Windsor's granddaughter Jaime Winstone is to play the older version of the actress in a BBC One biopic of her life, Babs Windsor, alongside Sam Spiro as the former star.
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Abidjan, in a second day of unrest after a mutiny that has spread to several other cities.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have eliminated the so-called "tampon tax" on tampons, despite a global campaign to end the practice.
The UK economy is "turning a corner" and is "recovering" from the financial crisis, Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Institute of Directors.
It's a strange thing about covering a summit of the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to tackle poverty, tackle inequality and cut preventable deaths.
Plans for a new £50m school in Sheffield have been approved despite opposition from campaigners.
Pig farmers are facing a "cash negative situation" because of the sharp fall in the price of the meat, according to a farming union.
At the other end of the spectrum, there are plenty of people making goods a little better, and more expensively.
Four men have been jailed for a total of 12 years for stealing £1m worth of signalling cable from Network Rail.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been found guilty of criminal mischief after he was found guilty in January of throwing eggs at a neighbour's home.
The BBC's documentary Am I Included? is a look at the issue of inclusion in the education system for children with disabilities.
Former St Helens and St Helen hooker Keiron Cunningham has been appointed as Leigh Centurions' director of rugby.
Musicians and fans have paid tribute to Rod Temperton, the songwriter who wrote the hit Thriller for Michael Jackson, who has died.
England's Sarah Taylor has retired from international cricket because of a "personal matter".
Cardiff City striker Kenneth Zohore scored a late winner as the Bluebirds beat Burton Albion to make a winning start to the Championship season.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed by a bus.
Star Wars stars have paid tribute to Carrie Fisher after the actress suffered a heart attack on a flight.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on three motorways in Scotland as part of a £1.2bn upgrade project.
Moeen Ali's unbeaten half-century rescued England from a precarious position against South Africa on day three of the fourth Test at Old Trafford.
Amputee football is a sport that has been played in England for many years, but now a new league is trying to spread the sport across Scotland.
Three soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed by an improvised explosive device, an inquest has heard.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it is "nice to have it done" after the Welsh Rugby Union and the region agreed a new contract.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says supermarkets are taking over the market for garden plants, and that the quality of plants being sold in supermarkets is getting worse.
A diver has been rescued from the sea off the west coast of Scotland after suffering severe chest pains while working in the sea.
Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he knew there was nothing he could do for his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot in the head with a cricket bat.
Israeli police have arrested several people in connection with a suspected price-fixing scandal over trips for high school students to Holocaust memorials.
Bradford City came from behind to draw with Oldham in League One after a scrappy draw at Valley Parade.
Nice have signed Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder on a free transfer.
Dover moved up to third in the National League with a convincing victory over Chester, who slipped to third after being held to a draw at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to build up to 1,000 new student accommodation in Falmouth.
Motorists are being warned of "significant disruption" as work gets under way on the £1.2bn M8 and M74 motorway upgrade project.
A new £1m facility to treat drug addicts in Wrexham could help tackle the "blight" of drug use in the town, a senior police officer has said.
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that he would not be prepared to make a post-election deal with the SNP if the price of power was doing so.
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was the lowest since records began in the town in the 1970s, according to official figures.
A police officer has urged a mother who has been on the run with her five-year-old son for more than a month to contact her and come to the right decision about her son's future.
A new consultation on the future of two schools in Pembrokeshire has been approved by councillors.
Children are often the first people you see when you need hospital treatment, but how are they getting there?
A Cardiff boy who was scarred for life after being mauled by a dog has been awarded £20,000 in compensation.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue of a General in Devon.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest annual increase since 2006, according to the latest figures from the Halifax, the country's biggest mortgage lender.
A man from Powys has said he has found a flag that belonged to Admiral Lord Nelson's flagship HMS Victory in the Battle of the Somme.
A British student has been jailed for three years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine with intent to supply after being found with the drug in a car in Dubai.
A former IRA man who gave evidence to an American university has been allowed to hand over his tapes to police investigating paramilitary crimes in Northern Ireland.
Russian weightlifter Evgeny Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test.
Benik Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to draw with Watford at Vicarage Road.
Wales is "more important than ever" to spread the message of togetherness and unity in our communities this Christmas, the first minister has said.
The PGA Tour has been urged to accept strict anti-doping standards for golf in order to have a "level playing field" for players at the Rio Olympics.
You never said that, but all your friends on Facebook think you did because a profile claiming to be you has said it.
CCTV footage of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe in Sydney, Australia, during the siege by a gunman, has been released to the public for the first time.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being sold to two Turkish firms.
Salford Red Devils have signed Ireland international Tyrone McCarthy from Wigan Warriors for the start of the 2016 season.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire factory.
Syria has submitted a declaration to the international chemical weapons watchdog that it has destroyed its chemical weapons stockpile, the watchdog says.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could be a "fundamental" treatment for the disease, doctors say.
A bookshop dubbed one of the world's best in the world is facing a £1m repair bill because of structural problems.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland, but has warned that the situation remains "dire".
The government has lost its bid to get a vote on plans to give English MPs a veto on laws affecting England after peers voted to set up a special committee to examine the proposals.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for six months.
Cyprus is bracing itself for a vote on Sunday on a bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund, as the country's parliament prepares to ratify the deal.
Two climbers have climbed to the summits of two of the world's highest sea stacks, one of the last remaining landmarks of the St Kilda archipelago.
A Cardiff speed camera has issued more than 13,000 penalty notices for speeding in the past year.
The inquests into the deaths of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened and adjourned at Manchester Crown Court.
A company that lost out on a £100m road contract after failing to secure the lowest bid has won a High Court battle against the Department of Infrastructure (DRD).
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwblhau i ddatblygu cynllunio amlinellol ar gyfer y safle i'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth yn dilyn cynlluniad
A Nottinghamshire doctor who carried out a series of "brutal" knife attacks on patients has had his jail term increased from six to 12 years.
Two disabled people have launched a legal challenge to the government over delays in processing their benefits.
David Cameron has been accused of "shifting the blame" for tax evasion on the government in a Commons debate on the issue.
A man has been shot dead and another injured in the German city of Stuttgart after shots were fired in the centre of the city.
Teachers' unions have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and the employers in Northern Ireland in a long-running dispute over pay.
The government's flagship free childcare scheme is at risk of being broken if nurseries and childminders are not given enough funding, the Public and Commercial Nurseries Association (PSLA) has warned.
It may be their signature pose, but how and why flamingos can stand unsupported on one leg for hours at a time has been solved by scientists.
A woman has been arrested after a pedestrian was killed in a crash in the Diamond area of Belfast.
The RMT union has said it will accept a pay offer from London Underground over the Night Tube, which will see the service run on Fridays and Saturdays.
The mother of Madeleine McCann, who went missing in Portugal in 2007, has begun a cycle ride across the UK in a bid to raise money for charity.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey for allegedly insulting the president of the country, her lawyer says.
A search for a man reported missing from a bridge in the Borders has ended after no-one was found.
Plans to expand a £1bn retail development have been approved by councillors, six years after it was approved by the government.
Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to suspend the country's controversial National Assembly has been condemned by Latin American countries.
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
A man has been seriously injured in a "brutal" assault in a park in Essex.
Scotland's two busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for January, following a strong start to the year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture" and that the outlook for global growth is "deteriorating".
The eurozone's finance ministers have been in a state of shock after the crisis in Cyprus.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe after a US tourist was accused of killing a lion in the country's Hwange National Park.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the military after they were filmed carrying British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Labour has held on to Tatton in Cheshire, with the party holding all but one of the Cheshire seats.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana says, citing police and medical sources.
A bus has crashed into a metal barrier after crashing into a wall and hitting a car in the Scottish Borders.
A man who beat a Romanian woman to death in a "brutal and senseless" attack has been jailed for life for her murder.
Scotland has missed its annual target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions by more than half since 1990, according to new figures.
How did King Arthur come to be, and who is he now?
The HS2 high speed rail project will cause more than 200 weekends of disruption to rail services over the next five years, a campaign group has claimed.
A lorry driver who killed a six-month-old baby and injured his pregnant mother in a crash has been jailed for six years and four months.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of "deliberately antagonistic" behaviour after he failed to attend a Commons hearing.
A man has been arrested after a woman was set alight and later died in hospital.
A tree office in east London is to be opened up to the public for free to work in a bid to raise money for the local authority.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped knighthoods and damehoods, ending a three-year absence from the honours system.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks in a dramatic Super Bowl 50 half-time show, despite being the subject of a criminal investigation.
A Welsh actor has been honoured at the London Film Festival for playing the role of Star Wars' Darth Vader in the latest film in the franchise.
Leeds United have signed midfielder Milan Benedicic on a two-year deal after he was released by AC Milan.
A construction worker has told BBC Wales the £50m arts centre in north Wales is a "mess" and could not be completed on time because of a "rush" to complete the project.
The BBC's John Sudworth has been given access to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon where armed militia men are occupying a building, demanding the release of two ranchers who have been jailed for arson.
The parents of a teenager who was murdered by a man who went on to kill himself have announced they are to end their charity in memory of their daughter.
A man in his 20s has died after being hit by a car in Ballymena, County Antrim.
A group of protesters have confronted the new Orange Order priest Fr Michael Donegan in north Belfast.
Shares in SABMiller have risen after the brewer rejected a new £42bn takeover offer from Anheuser-Busch InBev, saying the offer still "very substantially undervalues" the company.
A humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted travelling up Australia's east coast, following a journey that began in the southern hemisphere in the summer.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government will not be "sacrificed" to the chancellor's "austerity obsession" as he prepares to unveil his spending plans.
A Danish court has sentenced four journalists to jail for selling details of public figures' locations to a popular magazine.
Sunderland defender Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for elbowing Manchester United's Chris Coleman in the head during the FA Cup final cut to six games after he was cited for violent conduct.
Former England batsman James Taylor has returned to Northants as a coach, along with former Northants batsman David Sales, to work with the county's batsmen.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says he is "very confident" Valencia can recover from their poor start to the season.
England manager Sam Allardyce says Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart's future is a "big concern" and that he will be included in his first squad under new boss Sam Allardice.
Chesterfield moved out of the League One relegation zone as goals from Joe O'Shea and Sam Hird earned them victory over Port Vale.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, in a sign that the country's economy may be losing momentum as it prepares to report its growth rate for the third quarter.
A peer has been found guilty of making a racially aggravated threat to Labour peer Gina Miller on Facebook.
The number of people killed on Britain's roads rose by almost 40% in the year to September 2015, with the number of deaths in England and Wales rising by 3% to 4,906, figures show.
Scotland's businesses are preparing for the impact of Brexit on their business, according to a survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is expected to name an unchanged side from the side that beat Leicester in the Premier League on Saturday.
The two leading contenders for the French presidency have clashed over economic reforms in a TV debate, as voters choose their preferred candidate for the first round of the centre-right primary.
Playing with your baby can improve the cognitive development of your child, a study of fathers' interactions with their newborn babies has found.
David Cameron has said he is "proud" of the free school meals scheme, despite speculation that the government is planning to scrap the meals.
Black bin bags could be collected three times a week in Pembrokeshire as part of a bid to save money, a committee of councillors has been told.
A California man who killed 18 cats and wounded three others in a case of animal cruelty has been sentenced to 16 years in prison.
A football club has become the second in the UK to go vegan in the past year.
Former Motherwell and Buddies midfielder Paul van Zanten has joined Raith Rovers on a two-year deal.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals for the first time since 2012 as defending champion Serena Williams was knocked out in the quarter-finals.
MSPs on the Holyrood finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plans to change the council tax bands.
Burnley midfielder Chris Wood is available after missing the FA Cup win over Lincoln with a hamstring injury.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom captain Jonny Evans, BBC Radio 5 live understands.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of an RAF veteran who served in World War Two after an advert in a newspaper was shared on social media.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson missed out on a first major international high jump title as she finished third at the IAAF World Indoor Championships in London.
A British man who was on the train that was attacked by a gunman in France has spoken of the horror of being locked away by train staff who failed to help passengers.
A Galapagos tortoise that was the first of its kind to be brought to the US from the Pacific Ocean has died at the age of 83.
The United States women's football team will be honoured with a parade in New York City on Wednesday to celebrate their World Cup victory.
The funeral of two brothers who were found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland has taken place.
A former police officer who admitted sexually assaulting a child under 13 has been jailed for eight years and eight months.
Plans for a new £10m post-16 sports and leisure centre for young people in Torfaen have been approved by councillors.
A set of photographs showing the aftermath of the Dambusters raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Germany has sold at auction for more than double its estimate.
A butcher in the Borders has created a new type of Easter egg.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future at the club is "over" after the striker scored in the 2-0 win over Stoke.
A Russian conductor has led a concert in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, where Islamic State (IS) militants used to hold executions, in a protest against the group's occupation.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a performance of an opera about a hijacking in which a Jewish passenger was killed by Palestinian militants, citing "genuine concern" from the Jewish community.
Manager Lee Clark hopes Hibernian's Premiership title challenge will give him the chance to attract the right players to help him keep the club in the top flight.
The UK government's policy of cutting subsidies for renewable energy has sent a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world on climate change, a senior UN official has said.
When Prof Shigeru Arai first designed a robot to help her teach her students to read and write, she thought it would be a "totally useless" device.
A Syrian military jet has crashed in the north-western province of Idlib, killing the pilot and injuring at least two other people, rebel groups say.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the vacant Toulon head coach's job, BBC Sport understands.
The man who has voiced the Muppets for more than 30 years is to step down from voicing the iconic character Kermit the Frog.
Police have renewed their appeal for information after a 23-year-old man died following an incident in Larkhall, North Lanarkshire.
A drilling rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis after its tow line broke.
A driver who killed a teenager in a crash while over the drink-drive limit has been jailed for three years and eight months.
Widnes Vikings can "turn this year around" after their run of five straight defeats, says assistant coach Chris Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black has dropped midfielder Martin Olsson after the player refused to play for the club following their relegation from the Premier League.
A house in west Belfast has been set alight in a suspected arson attack.
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru are to highlight their opposition to Labour's manifesto pledges in the run-up to the general election.
A swan shot in the head with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being rescued by the Scottish SPCA.
The first professional register of youth work and education practitioners has been created by the Welsh government.
Amnesty International has expressed concern after Saudi media reported that dozens of people are set to be executed in the coming days.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a ranch in the US state of Texas, after apparently being upset by the sale of some of their stable-mates.
Four men have been rescued from a cliff on Skye after getting into difficulty while walking on a steep cliff face.
An MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in a campaign to independence for Scotland will not face any further action.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in May's assembly election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure can help people to enjoy life more, a report says.
Silverstone's decision to trigger a break clause in its contract to host the British Grand Prix in 2027 is "amazing", says Red Bull team boss Christian Horner.
A lifeboat station in a seaside town has installed a camera to monitor sea conditions and provide real-time weather information.
United Airlines has offered hackers millions of dollars in rewards for finding security holes in its websites.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and end a run of three straight league defeats.
Scientists have discovered that horses can be more emotional than we realise.
More than 100 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past year, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being stabbed in the stomach in an attack in East Lothian.
Charles scored a late winner as Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga as they lost to 10-man Real Madrid.
Ben Davies scored the only goal as Tottenham overcame Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round for the first time since 1991.
Insurance and finance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office, putting about 190 jobs at risk.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side's record-equalling run of 25 successive Premier League wins is not in doubt as they aim to win the title.
A drug which can reduce the risk of HIV infection in men and women will be trialled on the NHS in Wales for the first time.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban from the Games.
The impact of social housing on the Welsh economy was worth £872m to the economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
More than 1,000 extra staff have been hired by Transport for London (TfL) to work on the Night Tube, the authority has said.
A fire which has been burning for more than a month at a Cardiff dockyard has been brought under control.
A former Welsh government minister has said the public inquiry into historical child abuse should not be stopped because of ongoing police inquiries.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are the BBC's daily and Sunday political programme for the Westminster season, with guests from across the political spectrum.
Teenagers from ethnic minority backgrounds are the most likely to apply to university in England, with black teenagers the least likely to seek places, according to figures from the admissions service Ucas.
Hull KR fought back from 22-14 down to deny Halifax a first Super League win in four years.
A baby who died of sepsis after being born in a toilet could have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking for a disabled swing for her twin brother at a new play park after she was told they were not available.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara, whose funeral was marred by masked paramilitary protesters, has defended the theme of the service.
The Scottish government has defended its decision to pull funding for JogScotland, which has been criticised as a "disgrace to the sport" and a "hugely important resource".
The DUP's Gavin Robinson is hoping to win back East Belfast for his party in the general election, but he's facing a challenge from a dog.
A fourth Met Police officer has been sacked over her role in the Downing Street row over the so-called "plebgate" affair.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End musical version of the film Made in Dagenham, the producers of the hit film have confirmed.
England's collapse in the second Test in Visakhapatnam was a huge blow to their hopes of winning the series and, in the end, the match was a defeat for the hosts.
Two brothers have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from farmers in a case which police believe is the first prosecution under the Proceeds of Crime Act.
The Greek prime minister has said that the "vicious circle of militarisation" of sanctions and Cold War rhetoric against Russia is not productive, as the two leaders met in Athens.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy over the use of banned substances by some of his riders.
A prominent Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found dead in his flat in St Petersburg with multiple knife wounds, Russian media report.
The surviving crew of Pan Am Flight 73 have spoken for the first time about the harrowing events that led to the hijacking of the plane in 1986.
The "potentially perilous state" of British policing is being put at risk by "unconscious rationing" by some police forces, inspectors have warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham goalkeeper Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): Shares in advertising giant WPP and energy giant National Grid were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100, after both companies announced a dividend cut.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged in connection with the alleged sexual abuse of a teenage girl who died last year.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan says he is confident he can still compete at the Rio Olympics despite breaking his leg in training.
A man has died after a car crashed into a tree in the Scottish Borders.
Police have said they are continuing to search for a man who has been missing for more than 24 hours in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said he would have brought a hammer and a battering ram to the Etihad Stadium after his side's 1-0 defeat by West Ham, saying the game was "like football from the 19th Century".
The UN's special envoy to Syria has warned that the fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddiad arweinydd Plaid Gwent yn dilyn cyhoedion i'r Alban yn "gwybod nad ydi hi'n bosib i Gymru" yn cael a
British and Irish Lions wing George North says the team can build on their opening two matches of the New Zealand tour and build towards the Test series against New Zealand.
A bomb disposal team has been called out to a street in Rotherham after a device was found in the area.
A song written by a former boy band member and a video of the England football team winning the 1982 World Cup has been released to mark the 40th anniversary of the team's victory.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school where a student made him perform a religious ritual humiliation for insulting Islam, after the incident went viral on social media.
Environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been told they face a major cut in funding from the government.
India is a country of many cuisines and many of them have their own unique traditions and traditions.
Equiniti has been awarded a contract to help Her Majesty's Passport Office in Glasgow use a cloud-based time and attendance system.
The mother of a teenage boy who went missing after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida has said she is "hopeful" he will be found alive.
The UK is in for a stormy week, with ex-hurricane Abigail heading towards the UK.
The Orange Order's chief executive has said the organisation is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to a ruling that a parade should not be allowed to return to a Belfast street.
Plans to redevelop Ashton Gate will begin work on the new Ashton Gate stadium in May, the club has confirmed.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered another setback in their bid to regain power, this time in the Corby by-election.
Roberto Martinez has thanked Everton's fans and players for their support in his final statement as manager, saying he will "treasure this period" of time at the club.
Newport County have signed midfielder Luke Compton and defender Lee Rigg as they continue to strengthen their squad ahead of the new League Two season.
Wales' journey to Euro 2016 is about to begin, and we're looking back at the team's history of success in the competition.
Rome's city council has ordered the removal of padlocks from a bridge in the Italian capital, saying they are damaging the structure.
Friends of a British man who was murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" into the case of his alleged killer.
When Garry Ringrose makes his Ireland debut against Italy in Dublin on Saturday, it will be the latest chapter in the story of the man who has been dubbed the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has returned to the stage for her first UK show since her Las Vegas residency ended in 2015, and she delivered a show that was a little too much like a rehearsal.
Skye's hopes of a first Premiership win of the season suffered a setback as they were held to a 1-1 draw at home to Stirling Murchison on Saturday.
Gawker Media, the website that posted a sex tape of a former professional wrestler being attacked on its website, has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) in damages to the man it humiliated.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has backed the party's leadership candidate Colum Eastwood, the party has confirmed.
The latest air disaster to hit the aviation world has been the AirAsia flight from Malaysia to Indonesia, which crashed into the Java Sea.
A Picasso portrait of a young woman by the artist Pablo Picasso has been sold at auction in New York for more than $70m (£45m), while a Van Gogh painting has sold for more money than expected.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence to help them find new drugs that can help them develop more effective treatments for diseases such as cancer and ALS.
Wales' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 quarter-finals were ended by Portugal in their 2-0 defeat in the last 16.
A six-year-old girl died after being pulled from a swimming pool by a hotel guest and off duty paramedic, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested in Pakistan's Punjab province on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and dragging him along a path, local media report.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says his team have proved they can compete at the highest level by reaching the Elite League play-offs.
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after a number of cases of flu were confirmed in the city.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to reveal the identities of 51 players they have signed under the age of 18.
Hibernian's David Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Easter Road beyond the end of the season after making his first competitive appearance since joining the club on Saturday.
A village has been hit with a record number of speeding drivers in the past year, according to a campaign group.
French energy group EDF has reported a drop in first quarter profits of 7.5% to €1.9bn (£1.4bn), with sales down 7.8% to $2.1bn.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is still searching for a place in snooker despite a long-term injury lay-off.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship from March 2012 to March 2017.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech to Liverpool fans on Monday night was a stirring, emotional and at times moving statement, but it was also a statement of opinion.
The government has said it will honour its promise to provide £1.5m to help deal with the legacy of the Troubles, but only if Stormont politicians can agree how best to deal with it.
Catalonia is at the centre of a political crisis in Spain, with the region's leaders pushing for independence from the rest of the country.
A decision on a £100m development on a former airfield site in Guildford is "unlikely" to be made by the end of the month, a councillor has said.
Two water rescue charities in Northern Ireland have been awarded £50,000 in grants to help them provide round-the-clock services.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at the Leytonstone cafe in which two women were killed by a gunman.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has been given a two-year suspended sentence for misconduct.
The Football Association of England and Scotland have said they will not be punished by Fifa for allowing their players to wear poppies on armbands during their game against Northern Ireland on Friday.
Venezuela has said it is "optimistic" that the search for survivors of a helicopter that crashed in the country's south-eastern state of Tachira on Friday has found no survivors.
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been confirmed as missing woman Stephanie Stevenson.
Keaton Jennings hit his first Championship century but Durham's bowlers continued to dominate as Somerset's bowler Alex Onions and James Rushworth took three wickets each on day two at Taunton.
A High Court judge has banned Newcastle United from keeping any material seized in the tax evasion raids on the club's offices and stadium.
A Belfast City Council Lord Mayor has agreed to write to the secretary of state and MLAs to ask them to help fight proposed cuts to education.
Blackpool have signed defender Ben Davies on a one-year deal after he was released by York City.
A petition calling for an elected mayor to be introduced to Bath and North East Somerset Council has been approved by the Electoral Commission.
Police in Malaysia have found the body of a Brazilian doctor who was abducted and killed in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, in an oil drum in a river.
Police investigating the murder of a mother and son in a shooting at their south London flat are investigating whether the couple were the victims of a targeted attack.
England women's coach Natalie Powell says her side's 2-0 win over Japan in their final group game at the Women's World Cup will not intimidate them as they prepare for the quarter-finals.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Apprentice Boys parade in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Warrington Wolves winger Josh Charnley on a one-month loan deal.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the CIA has said, up from about 7,000 a month earlier, in a revision of its estimate.
Scientists are hoping to develop a mead which could help prevent food poisoning by preventing the spread of a deadly bug.
The European Commission is investigating whether Northern Ireland's water policy is in breach of EU rules.
A memorial has been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to honour a World War One soldier who died in France.
A psychiatrist who has studied the mental health effects of the Gulf War has been made a dame in the New Year Honours list.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth midfielder Chris Hollands on a one-month loan deal.
Voters in Colombia are going to the polls to choose a new president in a second round of elections, after the incumbent was defeated in the first round.
Dawn Purvis, director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast, is to step down from her post.
England's Scott Simpson beat Egypt's Ahmed El-Khalifa in the second round of the Qatar Open in Doha after a thrilling final game.
St Johnstone moved level on points with Hearts at the top of the Premiership as Ross Cummins' second-half header gave them victory over Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with murder after a student was found dead in a burning car.
Richie Ramsay said he was "very proud" to have come through the challenge phase of the Castle Stuart Open and won the tournament he had been working towards for the past two years.
Leinster moved to the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues in Dublin.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused the UK government of "nonsensical" plans for Brexit that could see "invisible borders" between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "hopeful" that the Night Tube will be launched in time for the 2015 Olympics.
Staffing levels in some wards at Grampian's Royal Victoria Hospital for the elderly have been criticised by health inspectors.
Sri Lanka has rejected a UN call for a special court to investigate alleged war crimes during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels, saying it is not up to the task.
Scotland's Katie Butterfield has become the first female paralysed athlete to win a gold medal at the European Para-athletics Championships in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said Wales will have "no veto" over the negotiations over Brexit, as he was challenged by a Conservative MP over the impact of the UK leaving the EU.
Counterfeit malaria drugs are killing millions of people around the world and putting millions at risk, a study suggests.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi, a type of rice cake.
Teachers at a troubled academy in East Yorkshire are taking part in a second strike in a row over the running of the school.
Two US states, the District of Columbia and Maryland, are suing President Donald Trump over his business interests in foreign countries, alleging he is violating the constitution by accepting payments from foreign governments.
A police training centre has been given £30,000 from a fund set up to help officers deal with money paid by criminals.
Two Telford schools have been placed in special measures by Ofsted after being rated inadequate by the education watchdog.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her four-month-old son from his home in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed Lithuania international midfielder Tomas Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has revealed she will be watching a Doctor Who episode on Christmas Eve, before helping out at a church service.
Australia has signed a deal with China to allow live cattle to be exported to the country, the country's agriculture minister has said.
Police searching for a missing airman have released CCTV images of three teenagers they want to speak to in a bid to find him.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games after being sent off for an elbow in the face of a West Ham player.
Dinamo Bucharest will send the Romanian Cup to Cameroon if they win the final in memory of Patrick Ekeng, who died after collapsing on the pitch.
Mainland media are largely ignoring Bo Xilai's corruption trial, with state media largely focusing on the former Chinese politician's defiant statements in court.
A man from a village in Cornwall who has Parkinson's disease has said he will not be able to walk without help when he has to pick up his own wheelchair.
The States of Guernsey spent more than £1.1m on public relations and advertising in the last year, according to new figures.
Bryony Dickson has won a medal in the women's trampolining - and it's been a dream come true for her.
Sadiq Smith has said he is "not in the Labour leadership contest" because he wants to "heal" the party and become prime minister.
A former priest at Inverness Catholic School is to stand trial accused of abusing boys in the 1970s and 80s.
A schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open a library in Birmingham in memory of her mother, who died after the attack.
A senior Russian official has been arrested on suspicion of stealing millions of dollars by dismantling a state road and selling it off for profit, officials say.
The UN Security Council has agreed to send hundreds of police officers to Burundi to help tackle the country's political crisis.
A man who killed a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Monmouthshire while he was more than 130m (328ft) from the scene has been jailed.
Jack Marriott's first-half strike was enough to give Luton Town victory over Leyton Orient and secure their first win in five games.
Olympic champion Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be praised for its "good work" following her success at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Toyota has pledged to help a group developing a flying car that could be used as a taxi in Tokyo, according to reports.
A 92-year-old woman who has been living in the UK for more than two years with her daughter has been told she can stay after the government suspended its decision to expel her.
The prime minister has said the government will consider the case for more money for police in Northern Ireland to investigate Troubles-related crimes.
Super League player Paul Tickle is recovering in hospital after being assaulted in a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire firm has been fined £50,000 after a worker was crushed to death when a telehandler he was driving crashed into a shipping container.
Algeria international defender Abdelhamid Mbolhi has joined Turkish side Galatasaray from Turkish side Fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee.
A community group has called on a council to delay the sale of a former school site in Ceredigion in order to allow it to be bought by a community group.
Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Colchester United.
Cornish Pirates boss Gary Hodges says his side "underachieved" despite staying in the National League, despite finishing bottom of the table.
A Ferrari racing car has been fined for being placed on a pavement in London's Mews by a council after a photographer tried to take a picture of it.
A doctor in Tanzania is training boda boda drivers to be first-responders, in a bid to help people in rural areas who cannot get to hospital by road.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with housebuilders and ITV leading the way after the broadcaster was named as a possible takeover target.
Women are not as likely to ask for a pay rise as men, a study of workplace relations in Australia has found.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a man was allegedly racially abused on a train in Moray.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday killings have contacted more than 100 soldiers as part of their investigation into the killings.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn wedi gwahardd ymarferion tanio nes eu bod yn gwybod achos y digwyddiad ar faes Castell Martin yn Sir Benfro y
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former MP to life in prison for the murder of a local politician and three others.
National League side Eastleigh have signed defender David Lawless on a one-year deal.
A science and technology centre which has attracted millions of visitors over the past 30 years has been given more time to find new funding after it was told it would lose its core Welsh Government grant.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco International Airport and scaling the wing of a plane before running off.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about the death of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh last month.
Nine British nationals, including six children, have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross into Syria, Turkish officials say.
Italian rider Franck Petricola has died after crashing during practice at the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday night.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after being arrested at a port in Dover.
A petition has been launched in India against a Hindu priest's comments that women should not be allowed into a temple during their periods, and it has been backed by a campaign on social media.
A holidaymaker died after eating a sorbet on holiday in Greece, an inquest has heard.
A 20-year-old man who posed as a 14-year old boy on a social networking site to meet a 14 year old girl for sex has been jailed for four years.
The number of people unemployed in Scotland has risen for the first time in three months, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The Formula 1 drivers' union has announced that it will be releasing a list of the most successful drivers of all time.
Police are investigating after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali was disqualified for a dangerous overtake on stage two of the Vuelta a Espana after he was seen to be dragged by a car as he tried to escape a crash.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in the final of the Aegon International in Birmingham to win her first WTA title.
A seven-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past decade, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Piers Piper are to return for the show's 50th anniversary special, which will mark the 50th birthday of the sci-fi series.
Two rockets have been fired from Egypt at the Israeli city of Eilat, near the southern Red Sea, Israeli police say.
It's been 50 years since a book was published that gave Australia its nickname, and, for many, still does.
The first Gulf War, which began in 1991, is widely regarded as one of the most important military conflicts in the history of the Middle East.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in protests in the Irish capital, Dublin, against the government's handling of the Irish border dispute.
Wales hooker James Hook is to return to Ospreys from Gloucester at the end of the season after signing a new deal with the Premiership club.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out about the "dark" experience of being body-shamed on set.
Campaigners have launched a campaign against plans for a biomass power plant and student accommodation in Norwich.
Andy Murray is preparing for his wedding, but he is not nervous about it, says the world number one, and is already planning a honeymoon.
ITV's hit drama Broadchurch is to end after three series, with the final instalment to be broadcast in September.
Dumfries and Galloway's history is littered with stories of triumph and tragedy but on a night in December 1866, the town's residents were celebrating a very different kind of triumph.
The chief executive of a hospital trust criticised for poor patient care has resigned.
A roadworks which have seen up to 1,000 drivers a hour diverted to a junction have been blamed for an increase in road accidents.
A report on the war in Ukraine, commissioned by the late Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, was due to be published in the autumn of 2015, but was delayed because of the assassination of the opposition leader.
In prison, prisoners are given a "cell" - a small, private area in the prison that they can spend the night in.
John Duddy was a fish and chip shop owner who became a key figure in the peace process in Northern Ireland.
More than 1,000,000 cigarettes and more than 100,000kg (220,000lbs) of tobacco have been seized in a raid in Skegness.
Thousands of people have gathered in Edinburgh for the city's Hogmanay celebrations, which have been held for the 70th time.
A World War Two bomb found in the German city of Augsburg will be defused on Sunday, forcing the evacuation of 32,000 people, including children, from their homes, German media report.
A fossil from a distant ancestor of crocodiles has provided new evidence that a group of ancient reptiles could have given birth to live babies.
There were more than 2,000 GPs working in Wales last year, according to the latest figures from the Welsh government.
What should government do when things go well?
A speedboat that crashed off the coast of Portsmouth was not properly tested before it was launched, a report has found.
A pilot who died when his son and his friend's plane crashed in the French Alps may have mistakenly turned around after taking off, an inquest has heard.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said the UK has been "overwhelmed" by the scale of the conflict in Syria.
Stephen Hawking is to deliver the 70th anniversary Reith Lecture, in which he will examine the nature of black holes and the future of science.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt, the government has been told in a reply to a question from the Liberal Democrats.
Chile's government has apologised for the disruption caused by a strike by airport workers, which lasted for 24 hours on Thursday.
Police in Denmark say they believe a submarine owned by a Swedish inventor may have deliberately sunk after a Swedish journalist went missing while on a trip on board.
Energy suppliers should be forced to apply a 12-month limit to back-bills for customers who have not paid for energy for more than a year, Citizens Advice says.
A fatal accident inquiry into the death of a boy who was crushed to death by a gravestone in a Glasgow cemetery has heard that hundreds of headstones were deemed unsafe.
The Secret Intelligence Service is launching a new campaign to recruit from the widest, most diverse cross-section of society, with a particular focus on women and ethnic minorities, as part of a drive to diversify its workforce.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in annual profits, helped by strong sales in the UK and a strong performance in Europe, despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has signed a one-year contract extension with Middlesex for the 2016 T20 Blast campaign.
China's Baosteel, the country's second-largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with another state-owned firm in a bid to create the country' second-biggest.
Arsenal's performance in the FA Cup final was the best I have seen from Arsene Wenger's team since he took charge of the Gunners.
On 7 August 1947, India and Pakistan were split into two new countries called Pakistan and India.
Former Ulster Unionist leader Lord Alderdice has said it would be "unwise" for the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) to return to Northern Ireland.
Zesco United of Zambia came from behind to draw 2-2 at home to Cairo's Al Ahly of Egypt and leave the three teams in Group B of the African Champions League still in contention for a place in the semi-finals.
Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media to "babysit" and "beach-date" with his fans.
A boy who suffered severe brain injuries after being treated for a bacterial infection has been awarded £3.5m in compensation.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "responsible" for his side's 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla, but insists they will come back stronger next season.
Hundreds of students in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school examinations, local media reports say.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 95 runs in the first Test in Perth to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
Three scientists from the University of California, Berkeley, have been working on finding new ways to fight diseases for more than 30 years.
German industrial giant Siemens and Japanese firm Mitsubishi have increased their offer for French rail and energy firm Alstom.
Hampshire's former England Test batsman Michael Carberry has made his first appearance of the season after recovering from cancer treatment.
A council boss who won a defamation case against a blogger has not been told if he will keep any money he won, BBC Wales has learned.
The 2016 Cheltenham Gold Cup winner, The King George VI and Queen Mother Champion Chase, won the Grade One race at Aintree on Saturday.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw in the Championship after a go all-out battle at the St Andrew's.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 continued to be undermined as they were beaten by a Netherlands side who will not be in France this summer after losing their final warm-up game at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has urged fans to "do not panic" and not to "put the onus on" his players.
The passion that Italy and Northern Ireland share for their football matches is palpable and the rivalry has been one of the most talked about in the world of international football for decades.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash in Powys.
Libya have been dropped as a candidate to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations after the country's bid to host was rejected.
The Great Yorkshire Run is one of the biggest sporting events in the UK and it's been taking place in Leeds for the last few days.
It was a role she had never imagined she would ever play.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for the European Team Championships after being selected for the 1500m.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his side's second-half defending after they were held to a draw by Dundee.
EastEnders has been spared any damage after a fire broke out on set during rehearsals for the soap's 30th anniversary celebrations.
The world is congratulating India for its Paralympic medal at the London Games, with the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon saying the country has "outstanding examples of sporting achievement" and should be recognised for its achievements.
A social worker who was sacked for viewing pornography while working in Essex has had his case dismissed.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager after a record 13 years in charge of the Premier League club.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court in Limerick charged over the death of Karl Haugh in the Republic of Ireland.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has been sacked by the club after his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
A man who admitted making false VAT returns for more than £1m has been jailed for three years and four months.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after the authority failed to properly register voters for the local elections in June.
A woman who has made a giant Land Rover cake has been praised for her "superb" work after serving it up at a Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) event.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after a campaign website for the party's general election candidate was mistakenly named after a Chelsea estate agent.
Barcelona has agreed to pay a €5.5m (£4.5 million) fine over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators who have long been staunch supporters of gun rights have called for tighter gun control laws following the Sandy Hook school shooting in Connecticut, which left 20 people dead.
The UK government should strengthen regulations on fracking to ensure the technique is not used to extract shale gas, a report by leading scientists has concluded.
A suspicious package prompted the evacuation of Liberty Island, the island that houses the Statue of Liberty, in New York City on Wednesday.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for sounding " hoarseness" in a TV interview on Monday.
League Two side Rochdale have signed striker Frank Nouble and defender Chris Herd on one-year deals after agreeing to a deal with former Australia Under-20 international Chris Herds.
Tottenham Hotspur could play home games at Wembley in the 2017-18 season, according to the club's chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are the tropical fruit of the Caribbean, used in everything from food and drink to beauty treatments and traditional medicine.
UK industrial production fell into recession in the first quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre after they were shot dead by security forces.
The BBC Money Advice Service has released its annual Christmas money tips for people trying to keep their finances in order.
The government has rejected a request from the families of the Birmingham Six to be given legal aid to pay their legal fees as the inquests into the deaths of the victims of the 1974 pub bombings continue.
Australia will not offer Richie Benaud a state funeral following the death of the former Test cricket captain and commentator, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
The US has sent 275 military personnel to Iraq to help with security and logistical support for the government, the White House says.
A body has been found in the search for missing Inverness teenager James Mitchell.
UK house prices rose at their fastest pace in three years in the three months to December, according to the Nationwide, with the average price of a property rising by 0.8% compared with the same period a year ago.
Britain's Andy Murray produced a masterclass to beat Australian Nick Kyrgios and reach the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a change in the rules of Scottish football to encourage more young players to play for the club.
A man has been found dead after a fire at a house in the early hours of Saturday morning in the New Forest.
A 20-year-old man has been remanded in custody in India after being charged with the murder of a student and the attempted murder of another at a school in the southern state of Karnataka.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a mass bandstand marathon to mark the end in London of the Olympic Games.
I have been out and about, travelling, and watching other travellers recently.
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said, as the first interim deal on Iran's nuclear programme was signed with world powers.
MSPs have accused a health board of a "culture of complacency" over its financial management, after it was found to have overspent by £2.5m last year.
A car has been hit by a train in northern France, killing a woman and seriously injuring her daughter, officials say.
A Nigerian woman who was one of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped more than two years ago has been reunited with her family, the military says.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has said it has reached an agreement with Uefa over the issue of tickets for the Euro 2016 finals and will now allow fans to buy them through a new online portal.
Scotland will have 50 athletes at the Rio Olympics, the highest number since London 2012, when the number of Scots at an overseas Games reached a record level.
BBC Persian staff in Iran have been subjected to "increased levels of intimidation" from the authorities, the BBC's director in the country has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK, following the plight of children in the Calais camp.
Mali has asked the UN to help protect an endangered species of elephant from poaching in the north of the country, after a spate of killings.
The Queen will attend the final parade of the Royal Welsh at Cardiff Arms Park later this month, the regiment has announced.
A young woman has been appointed to a key government job in Ukraine, but she has been accused of being too young and lacking experience.
A former mental health nurse has claimed there was no service in place to treat inmates with severe mental health problems in prisons.
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to get back to winning ways and end their recent poor run of form.
The number of allegations about undercover police officers and their activities in the UK's anti-nuclear and anti-austerity movements has been growing since the 1990s - and the number of cases involving officers has risen sharply.
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa have said they will take legal action against Ofcom over its plans to auction 4G spectrum.
The governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is set to win the most seats in Mexico's presidential election, the electoral institute says, after a day of violence in the country.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for Zlatan Ibrahimovic, with the club's chairman Ed Woodward saying the club are "very close" to signing the striker.
A £100m hybrid ferry has been launched at the Ferguson Marine shipyard in Aberdeen.
The last few days have seen the release of A-level results, and university places are at the centre of many students' lives.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on the last day of 2015 as oil prices closed the year with a loss of more than 30% and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq both closing below 2,000 for the first time.
David Cameron will have to stand down as prime minister at some point in the next Parliament, former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, veteran journalist Komla Dumor reflects on the year that was.
Saudi Arabia's most prominent female cleric, Sheikh Nasser al-Obeikan, has been sacked, Saudi officials say.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to Yucaipa, a private equity firm, for an undisclosed sum.
A new health board boss has been appointed to the role of the largest health board in Wales.
Former Northern Ireland international Dean Shiels has joined Canadian side FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Kanye West and Sir Paul McCartney for a new song called Four Five Seconds.
The police chief of the US city of Baltimore has been removed from his post amid a "crime surge" and a "serious deterioration" in the force's performance, the mayor has said.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane has risen sharply in England, despite warnings that it could cause depression and suicidal thoughts, figures show.
Two suspected members of the Peruvian Shining Path rebel group have been killed in a military operation, the army says.
The organisers of the CarFest festival have resumed the event after a pilot was killed when his Folland Gnat aircraft crashed during a display.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan, Afghan officials say, in what would be a major blow to the movement's leadership.
US President Donald Trump is to announce his decision on the US military's role in Afghanistan on Tuesday, in a speech on the war, his first major national security policy speech since taking office.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a strong performance from Ryanair and a strong lead from other European markets.
Ricky Burns' victory over Michele Di Rocco was the perfect way to end a difficult year and a half in the ring.
Myanmar's military has denied allegations of human rights abuses against its troops in a crackdown on the country's Rohingya Muslim minority, after a UN report said they may have committed crimes against humanity.
Victims' rights are being ignored in the criminal justice system, with only a fraction of victims given the chance to make a statement before a suspect is convicted, the victims' commissioner has said.
An Australian author has won a $1m (£7m) prize for non-fiction after receiving an email saying she had been shortlisted for the prestigious Windham-Campbell Prize.
A 102-year-old German doctor has won back the doctorate she was denied by the Nazis in 1938 because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed Fulham defender Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash in the Scottish Borders.
The number of homes repossessed in England and Wales fell by 5% in the second quarter of the year, according to figures from mortgage lenders.
Labour has held the Bridgend and Bridgends West seat in the 2016 general election with a majority of more than 10,000.
Derby City Council's finance director says the funding system is "chaotic" and the council is ready to seize the opportunity to improve it, as the BBC's Paul Adams finds out.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel company is to stop offering trips to traditional zoos in the UK after a review of its holiday brochures found that they were "no longer relevant".
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of shows in Las Vegas in 2017, his first appearance in the US since his Glastonbury appearance in June.
Anglers have been urged to take action after a charity said it had rescued more than 25 birds from a lake in East Sussex because of discarded fishing lines.
The British and Irish Lions have drawn the series against New Zealand after a thrilling and thrilling final Test in Auckland, but what a series it was.
Vigilante groups that target paedophiles online are a "disastrous intervention" in child sex abuse cases, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly to their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth after they were left with a lot to ponder following their defeat at home to the Cherries.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a recycling plant in Bridgend county which has destroyed about 1,000 tonnes of wood chip.
Highland Council has said it is seeking quotes for the repair of public toilets in Uig and Skye after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae dyn wedi ei gweld yn fyw am y tro diwethaf am tua 19:00 ar 21 Rhagfyr, yn ôl ei bod wedi dechrau poeni am ei char nes i g
Welshman Joey Haddad has signed a new contract with Cardiff Devils, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Moeen Ali hit his second Test century of the match as England took control of the final Test against West Indies with a strong second day at Headingley.
MPs have criticised Rupert Murdoch and News International over the phone hacking scandal, saying the media mogul was "not fit to be in charge" of his companies.
A family whose children died of cancer have said they are "overwhelmed" by the response to their appeal after a picture of their dying parents was released online.
A fresh strike by Southern rail workers is continuing, with more than 1,000 services cancelled or disrupted as talks to resolve a dispute over pay and conditions continue.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld i ddweud nad yw'r ddau wedi gael eu cyfeirnod yn dilyn ym Môn yn ymch
The trial of a man accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has been adjourned until Tuesday after the judge said he was "regretful" that the jury was dismissed.
Sweden's experiment with six-hour working days is fuelling debate about the impact of shorter hours on workers' well-being, but the idea is not universally embraced, writes the BBC's Anna Maria Tremonti in Gothenburg.
Ineos has said it is "one step closer" to restarting the KG ethylene cracker at its Grangemouth plant, which was forced to close in 2008.
League One side Plymouth Argyle have signed defender Jordan Rhodes on loan from Premier League side Crystal Palace until the end of the season.
The family of a baby girl who has a rare form of meningitis have said they are "devastated" by the amount of money they have been asked to raise to help her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a two-year deal.
Japan's power company has outlined a timetable for bringing the Fukushima nuclear plant to a "cold shutdown", as the US secretary of state visited the site.
Liberty House, the recycling firm that has expressed an interest in Tata's UK steel operations, is to submit a formal bid for the company's Port Talbot plant on Tuesday.
The Vatican has not responded to a French request to appoint a gay man as its new ambassador to the Vatican, in a move that could have implications for the country's gay rights.
Rangers beat Celtic in a penalty shootout to reach the Scottish Cup final, but the Scottish Premiership champions were knocked out in the semi-finals by the Scottish champions.
A mother and her boyfriend have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler who was found with more than 100 injuries.
The daughter of actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year, is suing Porsche over the crash, claiming the carmaker took safety shortcuts that could have prevented his death.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help the survivors of Tuesday's deadly explosions at a fireworks market in northern Mexico to recover from the disaster.
Scientists have made a significant leap towards a universal flu vaccine that could protect against all types of the virus, say scientists.
A review into the state of readiness of inquests into the deaths of more than 100 people in Northern Ireland's Troubles has begun.
On 26 March 2015, a series of powerful earthquakes and a tsunami off the coast of Sri Lanka killed more than 7,000 people and injured more than 2,000 more.
The work and pensions secretary has said the prime minister remains "resolved" on his plan to ban EU migrants from claiming some benefits for four years, despite the European Council president saying there is "no consensus" among EU members over the issue.
Fans of the new Batman v Superman film have been praising the film at its world premiere, with one saying it was "amazing" and "giddy" and another saying it had "goosebumps".
A prison where two inmates escaped through a cell window and another was stabbed to death is in "inhumane" conditions, a watchdog has said.
US President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump has been appointed to a White House position, the first adult child of a US president to work in the White House.
A pub in a Derbyshire village has been bought by a group of villagers after a community group raised more than £300,000 to buy it.
A coalition of civil rights groups has asked Facebook to do more to protect black activists from racism on the site.
The M4 Black Route is the most important question facing the Welsh Government as it considers its plans for a new motorway, but what will it achieve and how much will it cost?
Anna Christian will lead a seven-strong Great Britain team for the UEC European Road Championships in Denmark.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin on Saturday after a 1-1 draw in their second warm-up game for Euro 2016.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies at Anfield.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve new powers for the police to use force against protesters, including against those carrying small weapons, in a bid to prevent a repeat of the deadly anti-government protests of last year.
A campaign has been launched to save the home of Dylan Thomas in the Chelsea Hotel where he lived before he died.
In the shadow of New York's landmark Supreme Court, a row of high-rise buildings stands a row that has been dubbed "the tallest building in the world" - the New York City Criminal Court, with its imposing stone tower and imposing limestone entrance.
Lego was criticised for its stance on Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist who has made a series of sculptures using Lego bricks.
Italian police have arrested more than 50 people in an investigation into suspected match-fixing in football, local media report.
The health commissioner for Wales has said she is "disappointed" by the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes.
A year of intense political activity in Northern Ireland ended with the G8 summit in Belfast, but 2013 was also a year of continuing tensions, with the political parties still struggling to resolve the "tough issues" of flags, parades and the past.
Birmingham City midfielder Jake Cooper has joined National League side Swindon Town on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing children with appropriate access to technology in schools.
Police searching for a missing woman from Conwy county have said they are continuing to search for her in the area where she was last seen.
A prison has been criticised for "serious failings" in its handling of the resettlement needs of inmates and for the use of force by staff.
Russia says it has taken control of several key areas around the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, which is held by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
A man has been charged with eight murders in the US city of Phoenix, Arizona, after police say they linked him to a string of shootings over a two-year period.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has defended his country's participation in the Syrian peace talks, saying it is not trying to "sell out" the country's interests, but that the talks have made progress and that Iran will not "sell the political future of Syria out".
A treatment for peanut allergy could be a "major step forward" in the fight against the disease, say researchers who have carried out the first large-scale trial in the world.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have clashed over the government's efforts to tackle extremism, with both saying they had done more to tackle the issue than any other minister.
The mead that once dominated the tables of Renaissance fairs and medieval re-enactments is back in vogue in the US, thanks to a resurgence in interest in the alcoholic beverage.
Work to remove track and install new power lines from the Winchburgh tunnel is set to cause six weeks of disruption for rail passengers.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring about "peace" and "better understanding".
A body has been found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire.
A second election before Christmas would be a "shambles" and a "dangerous mistake" if Labour and the Conservatives try to form a minority government after the general election, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned.
A nature reserve in Suffolk has reopened after a £1.5m revamp, with a new visitor centre and new facilities for seabirdwatchers.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games after being found guilty of elbowing Harry Arter in the face during the Premier League match at Southampton.
The idea that the Northern Ireland Assembly should have a formal opposition has been a major source of contention for years.
A museum which houses thousands of exhibits from World War One has been awarded £1.5m to help people learn more about the conflict.
Moussa Dembele says he is happy to remain at Celtic despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" performance in their win over Rangers at Ibrox.
A police investigation into the murders of three women by serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back after more than 10 years.
Billy Root hit a career-best 109 as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge to secure a place in the last 16.
A teacher from Neath Port Talbot was barred from boarding a US flight with his school party after being denied entry because he is Muslim, the council has said.
Two brothers allegedly raised money for a British man to join the so-called Islamic State group by selling family valuables, a court has heard.
A report has concluded that a scheme to provide a percentage of affordable housing in new developments in Northern Ireland will not work.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat Hoffenheim and move up to second in Bundesliga Group F.
An experienced walker has been rescued by helicopter after falling on a Snowdonia mountain.
Livingston secured a vital win over Scottish Premiership leaders Rangers as Matt Halkett's late header secured victory at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi has donated a shirt to a charity auction in memory of a former footballer who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "traumatised" after being attacked and robbed at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire.
Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Cheltenham Town and move level on points with National League leaders Tranmere Rovers thanks to a late goal from Joe Parkin.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for the Six Nations training camp in Italy, which starts on Monday.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Flooding has caused damage to a restaurant and amusement arcade in Southend after heavy rain caused by Storm Desmond.
When she was crowned Miss Earth in 2010, the Philippines' first Miss Universe, Sian Elizabeth Seifert was not even planning to join beauty pageants.
Ebbsfleet came from behind to claim a dramatic 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he will maintain all military alliances, despite recent tensions with the US.
The Welsh Government's top lawyer has said there is "every likelihood" AMs will get a vote on the triggering of Article 50, but it will not be a veto on leaving the EU.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of seven straight Premier League defeats.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the name of a new £100m polar research ship, after a suggestion from a former TV presenter.
Bournemouth have signed Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.
A strategic review of the security arrangements in London has been launched by the mayor of London.
A handwritten note from a British general ordering the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £1.5m.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary, the first minister to be appointed by the Conservative Party in more than a decade.
A man from County Antrim has gone missing after being swept out to sea in Bulgaria.
Actress Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award for her contribution to film.
The NSPCC has said there is a "significant gap" between the number of people who need help and therapy for sexual abuse victims and the availability of services.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano after an investigation into allegations of match-fixing.
Scientists have carried out the first study of the first cloned sheep to be grown from the same adult ewe as the original Dolly the sheep, and the results are set to be published in the journal Science.
Nigel Farage has said the UK's EU referendum could be held in 2016, saying the "moment may be at hand" for the UK to vote to stay in the EU.
America's international standing has fallen sharply since the height of its global dominance, when it was once the world's dominant power.
Parma, the Italian club that won three European Cups in the 1990s, have been put up for sale after two potential bidders pulled out.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of making a homophobic remark at a campaign rally last week.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to return to The X Factor as co-hosts of the show, ITV has announced.
A woman whose son was killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for changes to the road where he was killed.
A fire at a factory in Doncaster has closed the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster after a unit used for making toys from the film Minions caught fire.
A British backpacker has been found dead after falling from a train in Thailand, a police officer has said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side's recent late goalscoring problems are a concern for the Championship club.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is pleased with the progress of Samir Nasri's fitness after the midfielder returned to training this week following a thigh injury.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Nana Akufo-Addo has been elected Ghana's president-elect, winning the election for the third time in four years.
Zimbabwean police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in the capital, Harare, after a day of clashes between protesters and security forces.
Chelsea's Premier League title win was a massive achievement for the club and a huge success for their manager, Jose Mourinho, who has been in charge of the Blues for the last nine months.
At least six people have been killed and at least 20 injured in an explosion in southern Spain, including a chef who was working in the area, local media report.
A man has gone on trial at the Old Bailey accused of being part of a plot to pass horsemeat off as beef.
India's biometric identity database will be the world's largest, and the largest in the world, when it is fully operational in 2014, the country's technology chief says.
The UK's spy agency GCHQ can intercept web searches on Google, Facebook and other internet services such as Hotmail and Yahoo, the government has said.
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished second in the first round of the World Rally Championship in Rally Finland, behind team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
A deal to set up safe zones in Syria to ease the country's conflict has been agreed by Russia, Iran and Turkey, but rebel delegates have walked out of talks.
A bubble tea chain has said it will pay staff who worked for free under a "free" training contract after a backlash over the terms.
Exeter Chiefs moved top of the Premiership with a comfortable victory over Wasps, who lost their unbeaten start to the season.
A man has been shot dead in a Utah court after he tried to stab a witness during a gang trial, killing him, a judge has ruled.
Three Welsh Labour ministers have said they will vote for Yvette Cooper in the party's leadership contest, while another has said he will back Andy Burnham.
The UK's human rights watchdog has urged politicians to take action to stop "deep divisions" in society being exacerbated by the Brexit debate.
All photographs by Joseph Fox... 
The number of young people in England with mental health problems who go to accident and emergency units has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted to call on all newsagents and vendors in the city to stop selling The Sun.
A man who killed a three-year-old girl when he drove his car into her as she crossed a road has been jailed.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol imposed after the merger of two local firms are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels bombings and other recent terror attacks have made it "difficult to see the beauty of hope", but that "on Easter Day hope decisively overcame fear".
A US warship has been hit by two missiles fired from Yemen, the US military says, but the Houthi movement has denied it was responsible.
The government has agreed to change the rules on the way disabled people will be treated under a new disability benefit.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad despite making six signings in the January transfer window.
Mark Molesley's late goal saw Aldershot reach the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 as they beat League Two side Portsmouth in a replay.
A photo album containing the signatures of RAF airmen who took part in the Dambusters raid on the Möhne Dam in Germany has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The chief executive of the Welsh Government's TB eradication programme has said she has never been more concerned about the disease than when it comes to tackling bovine TB.
A man in his 20s has been arrested by police investigating phone hacking as part of the phone-hacking scandal, the Metropolitan Police have said.
A new community school in Gwynedd could be scrapped after the Church in Wales withdrew its support for a new campus.
Two goals from substitute Kalaba helped TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algerian side Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup for the second time in three years.
Malian troops have summarily executed at least 20 people in the central town of Sevare and other towns in the last two weeks, a rights group has said.
Liverpool Ladies have signed England midfielder Bethany Greenwood from Notts County Ladies for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match of the Champions Trophy in London.
Cardiff Blues survived a late fightback from Newport Gwent Dragons to reach the Pro12 semi-finals and end the Dragons' hopes of a first home quarter-final in four years.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to continue the country's reform process, pledging to end decades of military rule and bring democracy to the country.
Jewellery worth more than £50,000 has been stolen from a shop in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who falsified clinical trials has had his medical licence struck off after he failed to appeal against a decision to strike him off.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets to set up a decider in the one-day series decider.
A historic Hampshire windmill has been restored to working condition after a £1.5m restoration project.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is to mothball parts of its Newport plant, including the hot strip mill, and cut hundreds of jobs.
Britain's Sarah Cave won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii for the first time in her career with a stunning victory in the women's event.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has said he regrets not doing more to challenge the war strategy during the build-up to the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie from fellow League Two side Colchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Kell Brook says he will have to do "something outrageous" to stand out in the world of boxing when he fights Gennady Golovkin next month.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as the world champions dominated the first practice session of the season.
Michael Evans has set the fastest lap of the week in the opening practice session for the Manx Grand Prix at Knockhill.
The Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why plans to boost the BHS pension scheme were not approved by the regulator, BBC Newsnight has learned.
A bullet found in the body of a man shot dead by the Army in 1971 has been exhumed and will be examined by the PSNI, but the family of the man has said they are unhappy that the process of examining the bullet has been delayed.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points after a 1-1 draw at Arsenal, while Arsenal slipped to second with a 4-1 defeat at home to Newcastle.
Richard Hammond says he is "back in action soon" after undergoing surgery following a crash while filming for The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by a narrow margin, with 48.1% of the vote against remaining in the union and 48.9% voting to leave.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resigning amid a dispute over the running of common grazings on Lewis.
A man who admitted killing a worker who fell to his death from a warehouse roof has been jailed for six years and four months.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has said he did not realise he had Alzheimer's disease until he was told he could no longer drive because of the condition.
A scheme to help grandparents and other relatives of children who give up work to care for them could be worth £4,600 a year to their retirement fund, a pensions expert has said.
A new coastal park is to be built on the Jurassic Coast in Dorset, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has announced.
Nigeria's airlines are set to cut back on flights to the country because of a shortage of foreign currency, with the latest carrier to pull out of the country due to a lack of foreign exchange.
Aston Villa have signed Poland striker Tomasz Kozak from Polish side FK Zagreb for an undisclosed fee.
A ban on smoking cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops and restaurants has come into force in Wales.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis has praised Burnley boss Sean Dyche for leading the club to the Premier League's bottom three and says he is one of the best British managers in the Premier league.
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile that could be a long-range intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the US military says.
Scotland captain Chris Martin says the squad will be ready to show their quality against France in Saturday's Euro 2016 warm-up match in Metz.
An Australian judge has ruled that a US anti-abortion activist, Troy Newman, should not have been allowed to enter the country without a visa, reports say.
Jon Stewart, the host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show, has died at the age of 61 after a long illness.
Former cabinet minister and ex-IPPG leader David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Denbighshire County Council.
England wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire.
The BBC Proms will pay tribute to the composer John Williams, with a special concert inspired by the Star Wars films, at the Royal Albert Hall.
The SNP has won the Scottish council elections on a record-breaking level on 32.5% of the vote, official results show, despite a higher turnout than in 2012.
The UN has urged Iraqi forces to ensure civilians are not killed or injured when they retake the western part of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS).
The Met Office has warned of strong winds across parts of north Wales on Monday, with the risk of disruption to travel and power supplies.
Researchers have developed two approaches to making flexible rubber skins that could be used to make robots and other devices.
The Scottish Borders Council is to begin a review of its school estate, which could see the closure of three schools and the possible closure of others.
Two goals from Souleymane El Bakhtaoui helped Ayr United to victory over Ayr and move them into second place in the Scottish Championship.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car while walking his daughter on a country road.
Author Patrick St Aubyn has won the 2014 Piers Wodehouse Prize for his satirical satire on the Booker Prize for Fiction.
The BBC will show live coverage of England's opening game of the Rugby World Cup on Saturday, 15 November against New Zealand at Twickenham.
California has used more water than it has used in the past year in the first month of a drought emergency, official figures show.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park for the second time in two years has been moved to a new home after being rescued by helicopter.
A Florida mosque has been moved from a polling station after complaints from residents who said they did not want to vote in a place of worship.
University staff in the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute over pay.
China has arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the stock market slump and the deadly Tianjin explosions, state media say, citing the state news agency Xinhua.
The oceans are becoming more acidic and could become even more dangerous by the end of the century, according to a new report.
Nick Cave's son fell to his death from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The US central bank has said the UK's EU referendum on whether to stay in or leave the EU could have "consequences" for global financial conditions.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France to 1min 3 seconds with victory in the 13th stage, which was held in the wake of the Nice attack.
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard there was a "major discrepancy" in the accounts of two separate incidents in which a bus driver fainted.
Germany has accused Turkey of comparing its political campaigning with Nazi Germany, in a row that has seen the two countries' relationship hit a new low.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland centre Alex Fife and lock Josh Toolis are among seven players to leave Edinburgh after the Pro 12 club announced they will be leaving at the end of the season.
At least 30 people have been killed in three bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say, as fighting continues between Houthi rebels and a Saudi-led coalition.
The BBC has signed a new deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings from 2017 until 2020.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament, the president has said, as the country's new parliament was sworn in for the first time.
An 11-year-old boy has won the US spelling competition, the first American to win the competition since 2002.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
Pupils are posting "vile" insults about teachers online, with the number of teachers being targeted by pupils rising by more than a third in the past year, a teachers' union has warned.
A Canadian mother has thanked her 12-year-old son for saving her life after he saw a house fire coming from his bedroom and called 999.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in the running to be the new Swindon Town manager, BBC Scotland understands.
Former British Superbike champion Chris Carswell has died after his bike crashed during a race in Kent.
Russia has "categorically denied" allegations that it was involved in hacking during the US election campaign, a Kremlin spokesman has said.
American Apparel's board of directors has filed court papers accusing former chief executive Dov Charney of sexual harassment and racial discrimination against female employees.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who died while doing parkour on a rooftop in Paris.
At least 11 people have been killed and more than 200 injured in an earthquake in China's Gansu province, state media report, as tremors were felt across the country.
Reading secured their place in the Championship play-offs with a comfortable win at Burton Albion, who missed out on a place in next season's top four.
The number of homeless people in Scotland who come from the private rented sector has risen by 18% in the past five years, according to a report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn over a possible world title fight in the United States, BBC Radio Ulster understands.
Amsterdam is to become the first city in the world to adopt a new approach to tackling violence and alcohol-related injuries.
It's been a long time coming, but artificial intelligence (AI) is finally starting to take off.
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
German Thomas Jung became the first rider to win the Grand Slam of eventing at Badminton with victory on La Biosthetique, the horse he rode to the 2012 Olympic and European titles.
Wang Wen-chung and his wife, Josephine, are from Taiwan, but they don't think they are Chinese.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration over the death of a man who died after being stopped by officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency, and scientists are working on a vaccine to protect against the virus.
David Cameron has announced plans to set out a "bold new strategy" for tackling corruption at a summit in London later.
St Johnstone moved to within a point of third-placed Aberdeen with a comfortable win over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The number of new mothers in England breastfeeding their babies has risen by more than 20% in the past 20 years, according to new figures.
The BBC's adaptation of War and Peace has topped the overnight ratings for its first episode, beating ITV's Endeavour and Channel 4's Deutschland 83.
Wales are "more than capable" of winning without Gareth Bale in their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia, says captain Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who spent a month in New Zealand's New Zealand bush after her partner died has told of her "harrowing" ordeal.
The disputed territory of Western Sahara is a vast, arid territory in the western Sahara desert which has been the focus of a long-running armed struggle for independence.
Northern Ireland's Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the Olympic bantamweight boxing after beating Egypt's Abdelhakim Al-Shahid in his second match at Rio 2016.
A three-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a revolving floor and a wall in a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta, police say.
Italy's government has criticised the "unfair" treatment of migrants by some of its northern regions, as it seeks EU help to deal with the influx.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Alexei Andreyev, has said he will not be expelled from Warsaw after he suggested that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two.
The French cartoonist Charb, who was killed in the Charlie Hebdo attack, has written a book criticising "Islamophobia", his publisher has announced.
A flood warning exercise has been carried out in parts of Calderdale in a bid to prepare for the area's worst flooding in a decade.
A giant bridge has been built in Hong Kong in China.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a Bradford school.
A project to archive photographs of the UK's high rise tower blocks is to be launched later this year.
Scotland's Stephanie Brown has spoken for the first time since being seriously injured in Thailand, saying "Hi" and "thank you" in a Facebook message.
The UK's Brexit secretary has said Scotland will not be given new powers over immigration or international affairs as part of any deal to leave the EU.
The CIA has released code that could help hackers spot the agency's hacking tools, according to a Wikileaks release of malware samples.
A collection of rare pages from the Koran, believed to be the oldest in the world, are to go on display in Leeds.
A stunning late strike from Cheltenham's Daniel O'Shaughnessy rescued a point at Mansfield in League Two.
Britain's Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the Barcelona Open semi-finals for the second time in three weeks, after losing to the Spaniard in the Monte Carlo Masters last week.
The owner of the grounded drilling rig Deepwater Horizon has been asked to consider using local facilities and engineering expertise to repair or break up the structure.
Craig Gordon insists he has no problem with his place in the Liverpool team after making two fine saves in the draw with Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored twice as Sutton United eased to a 5-1 win over North Ferriby in the National League.
At least 40 people have been killed in a landslide in southern Colombia, with at least another 20 missing, after heavy rain triggered a river burst its banks and swept away a village in the Antioquia province.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on a one-year deal from the end of the 2016 season.
All pictures are copyrighted... and all images are copyrighted
The first of the Crossrail tunnels has been bored in London, completing the first section of the £14.8bn project.
A man has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared, who was abducted and murdered by the IRA in the 1970s.
Ireland are hopeful that Jared Payne will be fit to face England on Saturday despite the injury that has ruled him out of the Six Nations opener against France.
A British man who died in an attack in Iraq on Sunday was a former Guantanamo Bay detainee, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury, but manager Mauricio Pochettino says the defender does not need surgery.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said she believes there are "huge opportunities" in Northern Ireland's future relationship with the European Union.
Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey has been replaced by Mike Ashley, the company has announced, in a major management shake-up.
Las Vegas is a city of glitz, glamour and glitz; a city where the strip is dotted with strip clubs, strip clubs and strip clubs.
England missed out on a dramatic victory over Pakistan in the first Test in Dubai as the teams were forced to settle for a draw after a thrilling final day of the first match in the United Arab Emirates.
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they beat Japan to win the men's team table tennis team table Tennis team event.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will visit Australia and New Zealand in November, the Royal Family has announced.
More than 200 beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months, according to data obtained by the BBC.
US journalist Gwen Ifill, who moderated the presidential debates for PBS, has died at the age of 61.
Chris Riddell has been named the UK's children's laureate for the second time, ending the two-year term of Quentin Blake, who was the first to be appointed in 2007.
Former Birmingham City and Hull City boss Steve Bruce will be a good fit for Aston Villa, says former Blues defender Robbie Savage.
Police have said they will make "significant arrests" in the coming days after a riot in Belfast left a policewoman seriously injured and several officers injured.
A sports journalist who was seriously injured in an attack outside a London Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital, his wife has said.
Chester have signed midfielder Jordan Lloyd from Birmingham City on a one-month loan deal.
Hibernian moved to within a point of the Championship leaders with a hard-fought win over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon is to close its French subsidiary, with the loss of about 100 jobs, the BBC has learned.
Formula 1 teams have begun the first day of the first pre-season test of the 2015 season with the unveiling of their new cars.
A child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire.
Two of the ceramic poppies that formed part of the largest public art installation in the UK have been chosen to be displayed at museums.
The name of Sir Jeffery Amherst, the British general who led the British army in the American Revolution, has been honoured in Guernsey and other parts of the world.
Kenyan marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test, Athletics Kenya has announced.
Plans to expand a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been approved by councillors in a neighbouring borough.
A US university has won a court battle with Apple over a chip patent that it says the tech giant used in its iPhone and iPad computers without permission.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine in Lyon on Monday night.
The poet David Harsent has won the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry, beating out a shortlist that included the likes of Seamus Heaney, Seamus heaney and Sinead Morrissey.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of the UK Championship in London, the first major tournament of the season for the former world champion.
A bar has been fined £50,000 after a woman was left with severe burns after drinking a liquid nitrogen-filled shot that caused her to aspirate smoke and expand her stomach.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a wooded area near Dublin, after a partial torso was found on Saturday.
Older people in the Western Isles are being let down by the care they receive, according to health and social care watchdogs.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer and a knife in what police have described as a "horrendous attack".
DR Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) in a shock as they were beaten by Congo Brazzaville in their last-16 tie in the qualifiers for the 2018 tournament.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says Ollie Ntcham has the potential to be a top-class player after the midfielder impressed in his first game for the club in Saturday's friendly defeat by Lyon.
A new bridge over the River Ness on the A90 is being considered for construction.
Cern has claimed to have discovered a Force-enhanced lightsaber that can "give particle physicists powers" similar to those of Star Wars' Obi-Wan Kenobi.
UKIP is "very confident" it will break through at the assembly election in May 2017, its Welsh leader has said.
A Polish deli owner in Peterborough has written a letter to her staff, saying she is "shocked and saddened" by the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A man from Powys has been jailed for more than 30 years for historical child sex abuse.
A 15-year-old girl's birthday party in Mexico has sparked a social media storm after a family's decision to invite everyone to her lavish event went viral.
An appeal to raise money for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift at her Dorset home has raised more than £10,000 in just two days.
A herd of water voles has been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve to help boost numbers of the rare animals.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science, a public inquiry has heard.
Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his Pennsylvania university, Temple University, amid a sexual assault scandal.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found on the north Wales coast.
The rate of carbon emissions from humans is much slower than previously thought, according to a study of ancient fossils.
A group of gymnasts are doing cartwheels and somersaults, jumping and vaulting over each other.
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and move within three points of Super League's top four.
A Denbighshire man whose home was damaged in the 2013 floods has said he feels safer living in the area ahead of improvements to flood defences.
A new broadband service using lower frequencies in the sky is to be rolled out across Scotland.
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax avoided by people who use tax avoidance schemes will be introduced by Labour if it wins the general election, the party has said.
The UK has too many ways of injuring children and not enough of a system to prevent injuries, a leading doctor has warned.
A castle on the Isle of Wight which was used as a military base during World War One and Two is to be restored.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has confirmed an independent expert will examine the independent review of mesh implant surgery.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a harbour, prompting a warning to restaurants and pubs to check for licences.
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the UK, according to a report.
A petition calling for an end to the annual dog meat festival in China has been handed in to the local government, with more than 100,000 signatures.
China's Long Qian lifted a world record weight to win Olympic gold in the men's -75kg weightlifting.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
It's a big day for virtual reality.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey won her second bouldering world title in a row by claiming gold at the World bouldering Championships in China.
A man who attacked worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months.
Four people have appeared in court charged with murder after a man died following a "brutal" assault at a mill.
A takeaway delivery driver was attacked and robbed in a targeted attack in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales needs to go "further and faster" to achieve equality and fairness, the outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said.
The Welsh government is failing to protect the future of the country's forests, according to the industry.
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in years, in a sign that fish passes at barriers to migration are helping to boost numbers.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has been taken to court in India for a case of alleged drunken driving that led to the death of a policeman who was killed when his car ran over five people sleeping on a street.
In January, a man was shot dead in the Irish parliament in Dublin.
The organisers of the Robert Millar Sportive have unveiled plans for a major cycling event in his honour, which will be the first of its kind in the UK.
Wales should have its own immigration policy, MPs have said, in a bid to improve integration and social cohesion.
Patents for brain-reading technology that can measure mood and control computers and video games have soared in the last five years, according to research.
A hospital has apologised after a patient had a bung stuck in their ear during surgery and it fell out when the patient was discharged home.
Hungary has said it will not accept any more migrants who refuse to register as asylum seekers, amid growing tension over the migrant crisis in Europe.
Melania Trump's decision to keep her son Barron in school in New York while she moves into the White House has been met with criticism on social media.
A Labour AM has accused his Conservative colleague of "smears and personal attacks" after he called for a "forensic investigation" into the Welsh Government's financial mismanagement.
A firefighter who delayed responding to a house fire in which a woman died has been sacked.
A Hampshire school which has been in operation for more than 100 years is to close.
Welsh artist and renowned landscape painter Rhodri Williams has revealed she is to unveil a new exhibition of paintings and drawings, all of which were created in the past year.
The world's largest bitcoin exchange, Bitfinex, has said it has been hacked by hackers.
British amateur golfer Ryan Gregory has spent the past four years studying Augusta National's course footage in preparation for his Masters debut.
A woman who killed herself on a train in France on Saturday night, live-streamed her death on Periscope, has sparked a debate about the dangers of social media and how to protect young people.
A woman who admitted murdering her mother has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to murder.
(Close): US stocks and the dollar fell on Monday, as the yen hit a fresh seven-year high against the dollar.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time in more than a year, official figures have shown.
Manchester United produced a stunning display to thrash 10-man Arsenal and inflict a humiliating defeat on Arsene Wenger's first defeat as Arsenal manager.
A BBC team has been injured after a huge explosion at Mount Etna in Italy, as they were filming a report on the volcano, a BBC reporter has said.
David Cameron must produce a White Paper on devolution to Scotland within 100 days of taking office to show how it would work, a former Conservative chancellor has said.
Wales assistant coach Warren Gatland has the "capability" to succeed him as head coach of the national side, says assistant coach Gareth Brooke.
Benfica won their third successive Portuguese league title as they thrashed second-placed Vitória Guimarães in the final of the Taça da Liga.
When he was a young athlete, Mark Smith was competing in the sport he loved, rowing.
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 at Pairc Esler and secure their first win in three Division Two games.
Tributes have been paid to a "dedicated" councillor who has died after a long illness.
QPR midfielder Andros Townsend has been banned for six months by the Football Association for betting on football matches after being found guilty of breaching betting rules.
The sound of a loud, loud, electronic music is coming from the stands at Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, as the club's players and coaches are being coached by a team of coaches and staff.
The Federal Reserve has found that Americans with at least a college degree are more likely to report being "living comfortably" and "doing okay" than those without a degree.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin, after being asked for the first time whether he believes it is.
Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland over the next five years.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they will not agree to the draft budget as it stands unless it includes "substantial changes" to education and mental health spending.
A US man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park, officials say, in the second death in the park in the past week.
A mystery performer has surprised fans in Manchester by performing at a shopping centre in a disguise.
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial abortion ban that would have made it the first country in Europe to ban the procedure.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden safe deposit box raid in January.
Wales ended their Six Nations campaign with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh, their first win over the Scots since the 2015 World Cup.
Former world champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Indoor Championships in a new personal best time of 9.97 seconds, after being given the green light to run in the event on Sunday.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene reflects on the controversy that has erupted in Ghana over the government's decision to allow two former Guantanamo Bay detainees to live in the country.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea were ended when they were denied a late equaliser against Ecuador.
A man has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll will miss the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been criticised by France for taking up a job with Goldman Sachs, just months after leaving the EU.
Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last in Formula 1, as he prepares to retire from the sport.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in the League One defeat by Peterborough United.
The UK unemployment rate fell by 39,000 to 1.9 million in August, according to official figures, the lowest level since April, as the number of people in work rose by 1.3 million.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the past year, figures show.
The board of Viacom has removed Jean-Claude Dauman from the board of the company he co-founded, as part of a legal battle with the company's owner, Sumner Redstone.
Scotland's women's national team players have refused to speak to the media in a dispute over terms and conditions for their new contracts.
A torso found in the waters off Denmark has been found by divers searching for a missing Swedish journalist, Danish police say.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green 4-3 and secure their first National League win of the season.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering her partner's girlfriend after an argument over £10,000 in cash.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been accused of trying to meddle in the affairs of African countries for decades, including the overthrow of several African leaders.
Dan Biggar and Sam Davies return to the Ospreys starting XV for their European Champions Cup game against Grenoble after the rearranged fixture was postponed because of a frozen pitch.
A leading private school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform for girls and boys.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to move into contention at the Australian Open after the first round of the Alfred Dunhill Championship.
A giant 'A' sign has appeared on a roundabout in Berkshire, just days after a similar sign appeared on another road in the county.
The BBC's Africa in a Day series is looking at the role of African artists in the global arts scene.
For years, a small patch of land in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered up by a large potted plant.
A woman has died in a crash on the A90 near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Republic of Ireland has been hit by severe weather with heavy rain and strong winds.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the Badminton World Championships in Malaysia with a comfortable victory in the mixed doubles.
Castleford Tigers have signed half-back Sosaia Feki from NRL side Cronulla Sharks on a two-year deal.
Lord West has told MPs he would not have spoken to Theresa May about a missile test in Wales unless he was in her constituency.
A man who made a fortune selling Star Wars memorabilia at auction is selling off more of his collection.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales will face a "completely different team" when they meet in Saturday's World Cup qualifier in Cardiff.
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to record criminal suspects during interviews, a change that will allow them to obtain more information about suspects, the BBC has learned.
A former High Court judge has been asked to review the law on hate crime in Scotland, following the Scottish government's refusal to scrap the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
A £1.5m fundraising campaign has been successful in securing the future of a lost medieval bible after it was found that a £1m fundraising target had been reached.
Ukraine's interim government has promised to step up security in Kiev, as the country's crisis continues to escalate following the referendum in Crimea on whether to rejoin Russia.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won his appeal against a ban on him standing in next month's presidential election, the electoral commission has said.
Derby County assistant boss Nigel Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the Championship club.
League Two side Notts County have signed striker Jordan Preston on a two-year contract after he rejected a new deal at National League rivals Millwall.
A man accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend's unborn baby has told a court he was "napping" at home when he allegedly attacked her.
The outpouring of tributes to Graham Taylor, who has died, was a fitting tribute to a man who was, in his own words, "the most respected and respected person in football".
Asian shares traded higher on Thursday, with investors cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and China.
Police officers in England and Wales are being given new guidance on how to deal with domestic abuse cases.
The Liberal Democrats have unveiled a new carer's package in Wales, which they say will help people looking after others to "pay back the service" they give to society.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban leader who has died aged 90, was the most famous communist leader in the world.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
It's not every day you get a call from a friend and ask what they're wearing, and they don't know the answer.
Two youths aged 16 and 17 have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Saturday.
The UK and France are to discuss a "detailed deal" to tackle the migrant crisis in Calais, the government has said.
Welsh boxer Katie Brace has signed a new contract with the WBC and will make her professional debut on Saturday, 7 March.
A collection of Dylan Thomas's handwritten manuscripts, including two of his most famous poems, have been bought by a Swansea university.
A musical version of the children's book Adrian Mole has opened in the UK for the first time since author Sue Townsend's death last year.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a tunnel in Cardiff.
Stranraer have sacked manager Brian Reid after less than two years in charge of the Championship club.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after making anti-Semitic comments on Twitter.
Greece's new Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he will meet EU officials on Friday to begin talks on a new €86bn (£55bn; $100bn) bailout, but the EU has said it will not be possible to meet Athens immediately.
Police in Chad have arrested more than 30 men in connection with the rape of a young woman in the capital, Chadian capital, Chad, last month.
Plans for a new social housing development on a site where a council was embroiled in a housing scandal have been recommended for approval.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a second strike in a dispute over pay in the coming weeks.
Netflix has cancelled a special special featuring Bill Cosby following allegations of sexual assault against the comedian.
Jeremy Fernandez is a young man who has come a long way since he first set foot on a bus in Australia.
A couple who had a cycling medal and jewellery stolen from their home 10 years ago have been reunited with them after they were found by a Met Police dive team.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The Scottish government has unveiled its plans to reform land ownership in Scotland, including a plan to end the exemption of sporting estates from business rates.
Nour, a 15-year-old girl from the Syrian city of Raqqa, was caught up in the fighting between so-called Islamic State (IS) and government forces in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
Hamburg has become the first German city to impose a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to compensate migrants who move out, in an effort to cope with the influx of thousands of asylum seekers.
Warwickshire seam bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the Bears.
A chatbot that can help people fight parking tickets and other legal issues has become a hit with people who have used it to challenge their fines.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 83.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at a hospital to help ease traffic congestion which has led to patients and staff being stuck in traffic for up to an hour.
The BBC has denied it faked a scene in the Bafta-winning episode of The Jungle where an iguana was chased by snakes on the set of Planet Earth II.
A group which aims to preserve the legacy of the Cumbrian landscape artist John Wainwright has been chosen to help repair a route he pioneered in the Far Eastern Fells.
Millwall moved into the League One play-off places with a win at Shrewsbury that ended the Shrew's unbeaten start to the season.
GoPro, the maker of action cameras and wearable cameras, has announced it is cutting 1,000 jobs and is shutting its drone business.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady should remain in hospital, a mental health tribunal has ruled, despite his request to be transferred to a Scottish prison.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to a call from a 72-year-old man who later died at a sheltered housing complex.
The current extent of Arctic sea-ice is likely to be too low to be a record year, according to a new forecast from the University of Reading.
Liberia thrashed Algeria's Al-Kabylie of Algiers 5-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Monrovia on Saturday to set up a second leg tie at home against the Desert Foxes on Sunday.
Norbrook Group, the County Down-based engineering and construction firm, has appointed John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a stunning first-half display to thrash Chelsea and inflict a second Premier League defeat on Antonio Conte's first game in charge of the Blues.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa, and they're doing well!
Bristol Rovers have signed new contracts for Jack Kirby, Joe Gumbs, Luke Duggan, Jack Buxton, Chris Ridehalgh and Chris Duggan.
Two North Wales Police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in the early hours of the morning.
A man has been left with serious head injuries after being attacked in two separate assaults in Londonderry.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on Twitter for a tweet that appeared to equate the gay community with the LGBTQ community.
A couple who paid for their own funerals have been left "completely penniless" after the company they paid for them to be buried by went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the president, who was kidnapped by the group last month.
A Welsh team of scientists has developed a device that could help footballers avoid the risk of brain injuries in the sport.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Two men have been found liable for their alleged involvement in the 1998 Omagh bomb attack after a High Court judge ruled that they were liable for damages.
The UK needs to reassure EU scientists that their status is safe after Brexit, the president of the Royal Society has said.
The smoking ban in Scotland has saved more than half a tonne of toxic material from being inhaled by the public, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich scored five goals in the first half of their Champions League group game as they thrashed FC Rostov to move top of Group D.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with his side's second-half fightback to beat Japan in the second Test in Tokyo.
Wakefield have appointed former Hull FC boss Chris Chester as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League season.
Police in Glasgow are considering installing CCTV cameras at the city's Necropolis to tackle anti-social behaviour, the BBC has learned.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "deeply concerned" by reports of "xenophobic abuse" against people of European descent following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all".
Kent County Football Club have reported a pre-tax loss of £1.2m for the financial year to the end of June 2015, down from a loss of more than £1m in the previous year.
Syrian government forces have retaken the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) after a week of fierce fighting, the army says.
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the "special relationship" between the two countries after the first UK state-school students were selected for a scholarship scheme to go to US universities.
A young author has won a competition to find the best new short story of the year, and the winner is a chimpanzee!
A Mongolian rapper has been seriously injured after he was allegedly beaten by a Russian diplomat at a concert, his family says.
A coroner is writing to the government and council after a cyclist died after hitting a pothole on a road which had been badly repaired.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing in the Cairngorms for more than a week, police have said.
Spain have qualified for the 2016 Olympics for the first time in their history after beating Fiji in the final of the World Rugby Sevens Series in Fiji.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire, killing one of the RAF's most experienced pilots, have been unearthed.
All pictures are copyrighted... and may not be reproduced without permission.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is making her first feature film, and it is a story about a girl who deals with the suicide of her best friend.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2009 with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored in the final 10 minutes as Juventus beat 10-man FC Porto to set up a Champions League last-16 tie against Monaco.
Wales lock Jake Ball says he is relishing his return to the national side after a long-term injury lay-off.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a David Bowie memorial in London has failed to meet its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man who was found dead in his Leicestershire home after he forced his way into the house.
Frankie Raymond's late strike gave Dagenham and Redbridge victory over York in the National League as they moved up to third in the table.
ITV has announced that Simon Cowell will continue to host The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent for the next three years.
Russia will face a fine from Uefa after a bomb was thrown into the Stade Velodrome stadium in Marseille, causing a large explosion and clashes with England fans.
Iraqi forces have broken a siege of the town of Amerli, in the north-east of the country, military sources say, in a major operation to free the town.
US regulators have said that digital coins, or crypto-currencies, should be treated as securities.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said she will not be "crippling" the party with a promise to scrap tuition fee subsidies if she wins the assembly election.
Scotland's world number nine Kirsty Bankier won her ninth National Badminton title at the Glasgow event on Sunday.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast came from behind to beat Algeria and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
A video game maker has been criticised for staging a fictional attack in Singapore in a promotional campaign for its latest title.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to breed fish that are resistant to sea lice.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday, the first since the death of leader Kim Jong-un in December.
George Osborne delivered his Budget speech on Wednesday night with a clear focus on the economy - he said he wanted to "get the economy back on track" and "get people back to work".
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British National Track Championships in Manchester.
Martin has confirmed he will not race on the Honda Fireblade in 2017 after announcing he is quitting road racing on the Hondas.
Venezuelan security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal, ending a week of unrest that has seen the city's streets paralysed by barricades.
More than two-thirds of people in Scotland want the right to buy their homes to be scrapped, according to a new survey.
An exhibition celebrating Liverpool's architectural heritage has opened at the city's new architecture centre.
A Scottish diver has claimed to have found a new depth for Loch Ness, which is much deeper than the official chart for the loch shows.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named after the late Scottish novelist William McIlvanney.
The parents of a Scottish aid worker killed in Afghanistan have travelled to the country where she was abducted and held hostage to see where her work is being supported by a charity set up in her name.
A judge in Hong Kong has sentenced four police officers to two years in jail for assaulting a protester during the territory's pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress after being told he might never walk again.
Gerry Rafferty, the Scottish singer-songwriter and musician who wrote some of the UK's best-loved songs, has died at the age of 69.
A Concorde has arrived in Bristol for the first time since the plane was retired from the air in 2003 to be used as part of a new museum.
Plastic bag charges introduced in England have been blamed for the closure of a packaging firm which has been in business for more than 40 years.
Two women in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to return home after being told they must be beheaded for being gay.
Six men accused of fraud have been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound case against them after the Serious Fraud Office was thrown out.
It has been a journey that will never be forgotten for Michael McKinstry.
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says playing at home will help the Blue Sticks in their bid to win promotion to the Hockey World League Final.
A group of Northern Ireland's biggest private sector creditors are to vote on a proposal to help two brothers who have been in a long-running legal battle with the Ulster Bank.
UK manufacturing growth picked up slightly in May, but remains at its lowest level for more than three years, according to a closely watched survey.
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Greece striker Georgios Makris from Turkish side Galatasaray for a fee believed to be the highest-ever for a non-league player.
US actor Steven Wallach, who was best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died at the age of 93.
British number one Kyle Edmund and Olympic champion Johanna Konta will be among the top-10 players on day one of the US Open on Monday as the tournament gets under way in New York.
Israel has warned its citizens in India to be on the lookout for possible terror attacks in the country, ahead of New Year's Eve celebrations.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level in more than 20 years following the Brexit vote, according to a survey.
A huge explosion has destroyed part of the medieval citadel of al-Bab in the Syrian city of Aleppo, a monitoring group says.
The Amazon rainforest is being "significantly" damaged by climate change and land management fires, a study suggests.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a Cambridgeshire pub owner who went missing last month have been released on bail.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a man and a woman were found at a house in Sheffield.
Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Lauren Howard from fellow Women's Super League One side Cardiff City Ladies.
A judge has awarded £1.5m in damages to a Nigerian politician who was wrongly detained in the UK for more than a year after he was released from prison.
The Scottish Football Association has apologised after fans received a scam email claiming to be from the governing body.
Welsh race walker Laura Davies has set a new British record as she qualified for the 2017 World Championships in London.
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler and club president John Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A US teenager was encouraged to kill himself by his girlfriend in text messages sent to him hours before he took his own life, a court has heard.
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton says he is "more hungry" for a place in Wales' Six Nations squad after being replaced by Alun Wyn Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 19-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in its case against a former Indian navy officer who is facing execution for treason after it said he had asked for mercy.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been looking at the issue of gender pay gap in the construction industry.
A pilot scheme to use parents to enforce parking rules outside a school was halted after three months because it was "not effective", the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce after just six months in charge of the League One club, who are in danger of relegation from the Championship.
A man has been jailed for lying to police about the identity of a hit-and-run driver who killed an 18-year-old boy 12 years ago.
Former champion Francesca Schiavone was knocked out of the French Open in the first round by Garbine Muguruza, who won 6-4 6-3 6-2.
A left-wing party has accused Labour of "ludicrous" claims it is trying to infiltrate the party by recruiting supporters of Jeremy Corbyn in the leadership contest.
A powerful earthquake off the coast of central Chile has triggered a tsunami, sending waves as high as five metres (16ft) into the air, officials say.
Coventry City fans will remember the day they won the first trophy of their lives when the Sky Blues moved to the Ricoh Arena.
Bury striker Jordan Houghton has joined League Two side Tranmere Rovers on loan until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish National Television and Radio Awards.
The internet is the new mobile, and the mobile phone is the smartphone.
A bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers, a senior police officer has said.
Papers say that tensions between India and China are rising again on the border in the Himalayan region of Ladakh.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Sunderland midfielder Jess Staniforth and former Manchester City Ladies defender Stephanie Sjoman.
In the leafy, leafy neighbourhood of Sheikh Zayed al-Nahiya, a few miles from the border with Israel, a new development is being built in the Gaza Strip.
CrossCountry has said it will not be changing the number of services it runs between Edinburgh and Glasgow after talks with the government.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions in the South China Sea after a stand-off between Chinese and Vietnamese ships over a drilling rig in disputed waters.
The process to elect the next Pope has begun in the Vatican, with the first meeting of the cardinals involved in the election taking place.
 Elena and her husband are among millions of Russians who have been unable to pay off their personal debts, and are now living in poverty, as the BBC's Vladimir Kuznetsov reports from Moscow.
China's economy needs to be allowed to appreciate further to help it tackle its economic slowdown, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said in a report.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized on the River Ness in the Highlands.
The head of the UK's telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is "very unlikely" that BT's Openreach division will be split off from the company.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal case against a French nuclear company over a multi-million dollar deal that has been at the centre of a corruption scandal.
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province as a winter storm battered the city of Cape Town, bringing heavy rain and strong winds.
A freight train carrying a toxic chemical has derailed in the US state of Tennessee, injuring at least seven people and causing a fire that has destroyed one carriages.
Paralympic archery champion Helen Brown says she will not change disciplines to compete at the 2016 Rio Games despite being offered a place in the Great Britain team.
A rugby player died when his car was involved in a high-speed race with a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested in Australia after a stolen bulldozer was used to demolish a house in New South Wales, killing a woman and injuring two others.
Nico Rosberg headed Lewis Hamilton in a Mercedes one-two in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as two other drivers suffered problems in a chaotic session that was halted by a safety car.
Cardiff Blues moved to within two points of Premiership leaders Bath with a bonus-point win over Pau in the French Top 14.
Lawyers representing families whose babies' ashes were not handed to them by a crematorium are to take legal action against the council.
The Prime Minister's letter to European Council President Donald Tusk, in which she sets out her plans for the UK's departure from the European Union, has been published by Downing Street.
Northern Ireland is the world's biggest producer of poultry.
French customs officials have seized a painting by Leonardo da Vinci from a boat in the English Channel after it was found to be in breach of a Spanish court order not to be exported.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team-mate to give evidence to them about a package delivered to Team Sky by a former British Cycling coach.
A man who murdered a Glasgow shopkeeper in a "barbaric" attack has been jailed for life for his murder.
The Scottish independence referendum is now two weeks old, and the polls are still too close to call.
Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott says the final three players to play in the Super League Grand Final helped give his side an edge in the final.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury in the first Test against England.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new junior doctors' contract in England have been extended for a second time.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have established a hotline to combat militant groups across their shared border, amid growing tensions over the growing Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan.
The Sydney Sixers will play Perth Scorchers in the Australian Big Bash League final after beating Brisbane Heat by one run in a super over in the semi-final.
Barcelona moved closer to a record-equalling 35th straight La Liga title as they beat Atletico Madrid to move within a point of leaders Real Madrid.
The driver of a train that derailed in Spain last month killing at least 84 people had not reported any problems on the journey to the station, the head of the rail operator Renfe has said.
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande has taken place of the youngest victim of the Manchester attack.
Katherine Beaumont's unbeaten unbeaten 68 helped Women's Super League champions London Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds to win their opening game of the season.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Nikos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares fell on Thursday as investors continued to worry about the health of the global economy, following comments from Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Gloucester scored five tries in the second half to beat Cardiff Blues and reach the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the second year running.
A sinkhole that opened up in a road and left a lorry stranded for more than 24 hours could have been caused by a collapse in a tunnel, a council has said.
It was the year that Lewis Hunt and Niki Lauda were the talk of the world, and the year when the BBC was forced to ban advertising from Formula 1.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car that was abandoned by the driver shortly after it crashed into another car in west Belfast.
Alex Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup for the first time in their history.
A number of dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field near a cricket club, prompting an investigation into whether anything was deliberately left in the area.
Wales coach Huw Jenkins says he was left "baffled" by the reaction to his side's Six Nations win over France, but believes they can keep improving.
Mae'r heddlu wedi cyhoeddi o fideo o garchar Altcourse yn Lerpwl wedi marw ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio llys o'r blaen ar gymddang
UK researchers have developed a system that can detect the presence of "fingerprints" in electronic devices, similar to the way fingerprints are detected by fingerprints.
A burglary at a pharmaceutical company in Aberdeen has led to a warning about the dangers of taking prescription drugs illegally.
England's remarkable victory over South Africa in the fourth Test at Lord's was a stunning result.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she is "surprised" by the reaction she has received after winning the Great Britain and Ireland 10,500m trials at Parliament Hill.
The rustic retreat in the US state of Pennsylvania is not the kind of place you would expect to find a man accused of trying to overthrow the Turkish government.
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two men accused of killing an Irish teenager on a beach in 2008, a lawyer for her family has said.
The Blind Derek, the Blind Derek and the Blind Del; the Blind, the blind, the deaf, the blindness, theblind, the blinded, the mute, the invisible, the unseen, the phantom, the mysterious, the unknown, the Invisible, the Unknown, the Undiscovered, the
A woman has been charged with raping a cab driver in the US state of Ohio while another man is on the run after allegedly robbing him, police say.
The family of a County Tyrone man who died in China on Saturday have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A collection of paintings and drawings by a Scottish artist has been created after a year-long trip to the Scottish coast.
France earned their first win over Scotland since the Six Nations final in Paris in 2015 with a hard-fought victory at Stade de France.
A 24-hour bus strike by drivers in Dorset is set to begin in a row over pay.
The Enterprise Minister has said he is "not interested in 'he said, she said' nonsense" over the closure of the Michelin factory in County Antrim.
The UK and other rich countries are giving less than half of what they should to the humanitarian appeal for Syria, according to the charity Oxfam.
The Revenant has won two Golden Globe awards at the Golden Globe Awards, the first time the survivalist drama has won in both the film and TV categories.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as "the most boring manager in football" by one of his own players.
A dog has become one of the most travelled in the UK after being chosen to fly on EasyJet for the past five years.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new travel ban, days before it is due to go into effect.
The government has triggered Article 50, the formal process for the UK to leave the EU, and the BBC Reality Check team is looking at what the future holds for the country, and what we know so far.
Two professors at Swansea University's School of Management have been accused of bullying staff and making sexist comments.
Wasps wing Nathan Hughes has been named in the England squad for a pre-season training camp in Dubai, along with a number of uncapped players.
Derbyshire fast bowlers Jack Cotton and James Taylor have signed new one-year contracts with the Division Two club.
Hundreds of people have attended candlelit vigils in memory of British woman Shrien Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa last year.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising's proclamation, which was signed by the leaders of the rebellion, has been sold at auction in Dublin for £1,000,000 ($1,200,000).
A payday lender is to refund more than 100,000 customers £700,000 after an investigation into its lending practices.
Singer Shirley Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering a brain aneurysm, according to her former partner Phil Collins.
A new 20mph speed limit is to be introduced on most of Edinburgh's roads as part of a scheme to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle.
More than 1,000 patients a day were not attending hospital appointments in Scotland last year, according to new figures obtained by the Scottish Conservatives.
Theresa May has named six new female chief executives of the UK's biggest companies, including the first female boss of British Airways and Royal Mail.
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in 12 months' time if there is no road link-up between the event and the M1 motorway, the chairman of the company responsible for the development of the site has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£45m; $55m) to settle a case brought by asylum seekers held on an offshore detention centre in Papua New Guinea.
A former council worker who was sexually abused by a council worker has been ordered to pay £1.5m in compensation.
Plans for a "sky-high" glass tower on the banks of Southampton Water have been unveiled.
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he learned a lot from his win over French opponent Charles Joubert after his successful defence of his title in Glasgow on Saturday.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley is to be auctioned off after it was declared "inoperable" by the council.
Pope Francis has said he will allow priests to forgive abortion without the need for permission from a bishop.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest last year have been arrested for "misleading" police, police in the western state of Maharashtra say.
Manchester City's winning run came to an end as Burnley came from two goals down to earn a point at Etihad Stadium.
A woman in her 70s has been killed in a fire at a house in the Kilmarnock area of Glasgow.
Starbucks has reported a rise in profits for the year to the end of October, but sales growth was less than expected.
Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team-mates are in such good form as they bid to close the championship gap on their former team-mate and world champion Sebastian Vettel.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis in Europe and has pledged to offer sanctuary to refugees.
A £10m palliative care centre for cancer patients in Gwynedd could be built at Royal Glamorgan Hospital.
Brighton eased to victory over Bristol City to move out of the Championship relegation zone and into the top four.
A&E departments at Northern Ireland's hospitals are "extremely busy" with patients waiting up to 24 hours for treatment, a health board has said.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.2bn (£865m) to settle a US state-led legal case over the rigging of the Libor lending rate.
Two young Irish rugby players who were banned from playing the sport because of their eyesight have been given a reprieve after World Rugby agreed to allow them to take part in a trial of goggles.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final, with the event to be held at Murrayfield on Saturday, 17 May.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future of the club's youth system is "very healthy" after announcing the signing of seven more under-21 players.
Exeter Chiefs will face Wasps in the Premiership final at Twickenham on Saturday after coming from behind to beat European champions Saracens.
Google has said it is "working with NHS officials" to resolve a problem with NHS staff being directed to a security check when they search for something on the search giant.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup in Yokohama.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has watched police trawling through tonnes of rubbish at the site where he was last seen.
A free childcare scheme for working parents in Wales could cost more than £200m a year, according to an economist who produced an analysis for the Welsh Government.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show for the first time in a new video clip.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened with a selection of original copies of the author's best-loved novel.
Wigan Warriors captain Kevin Smith says their dramatic win over Warrington Wolves will give them confidence ahead of the Grand Final at Old Trafford next month.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett, James Roland-Jones and Ben Ducketts have been named Wisden Cricketers' Almanack 2016 players of the year.
Five children have been taken to hospital after a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested after a woman died when her car crashed into a tree in Bangor, Gwynedd.
A hat-trick from New Zealand international Ryan Draper helped Welsh champions Cardiff City to a 3-1 win over Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic in the Scottish Cup second round.
Labour has pledged to cut £1bn from the Welsh Government's budget in its first year in power, but First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he will not "pretend otherwise".
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences.
A host of Scottish figures, including the chief executive of Scottish Enterprise, the CBI and the founder of the Open golf club, are among those to be recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen by more than a third in the last year, the care regulator has said.
A New York woman accused of drink-driving has pleaded guilty to a charge of careless driving after her lawyer said she has a condition that causes her to ferment food.
A gene that may have helped humans to develop larger brains was present in our earliest ancestors, according to a new study.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee of about £25m.
A hospital has banned a takeaway pizza shop from its premises after staff at Newcastle General Hospital were told it had "a stigma attached to mental health".
The Welsh government has pledged £4.2m to help repair flood defences damaged by winter storms.
The BBC has announced the five players who will compete for the first BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top-eight finish in Super League for the first time since 2014 with a comfortable victory over bottom side Leigh Centurions.
U2 have played their first concert in the Republic of Ireland since the Good Friday Agreement and it was a night of rock 'n' roll and political messages.
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
A weather warning for flooding has been issued for parts of Northern Ireland by the Met Office.
Police in Iran have arrested a number of people over a video of them dancing to Robbie Williams' hit song Happy, state media report.
A woman whose body was found under rubble in a garden of her ex-husband's house was murdered and her remains "chopped up", a court has heard.
The government has been ordered to take urgent action to tackle air pollution after a legal challenge against its 2015 plan to tackle the problem.
American conductor and conductor Sarah Alsop has become the first female conductor to conduct the BBC Proms, and was greeted with pink balloons at the end of last night's finale.
A woman in Afghanistan has been given a life sentence for the rape of her father, who was arrested after DNA evidence was found on his DNA in a US-funded laboratory in Afghanistan.
An RAF pilot who caused a plane to nosedive into the Black Sea while using his camera to take photographs has been found guilty of gross negligence.
The Islamic State (IS) group has started using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda, in a shift away from Twitter, where it has been a key platform for its messages for years.
Iraq's parliament has passed a controversial reform plan aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed, including the abolition of senior political posts.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 in a thrilling match in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday to win the Women's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier for the first time in their history.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain's second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they retained the women's double sculls title.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in London have been approved by two councils.
Hull City's summer signings were made "last minute" and the manager did not have time to consider all his options before the transfer window closed, says assistant manager Jonathan Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A majority of members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted in favour of legalising abortion in all cases.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Professional Rugby Championship's Concussion Management Review Group for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a tackle against Glasgow Warriors.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between Iraqi security forces and protesters who tried to enter the Green Zone in the capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who has given birth to six children, including two who died, is to be sterilised, a judge has ruled.
A team of designers has been shortlisted to design a new home for a Victorian stately home that was destroyed by fire.
Britain's Chris Froome finished second on stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine as he continued his bid for a fourth Criterio du Dieu title.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a seaside market in Norfolk.
Four men from the North East Counter Terrorism Unit have been arrested in the UK as part of an investigation into a suspected terror cell in Italy.
The Jordanians are one of the most powerful nations in the Middle East, with a vast landmass and a vast array of cultural and religious sites.
The UN humanitarian chief has said pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered the UN and other international agencies to leave the rebel-held region of Luhansk.
India will compete in the 2017 Champions Trophy despite a row over a revised revenue-sharing deal.
Former environment secretary Lord Rooker has called for the government to reintroduce forests into flood-prone areas of the UK to help prevent future flooding.
A US tribe in South Dakota has burned down a marijuana farm it had planned to open in January, after a federal raid on its plot of land.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in a runoff after winning the first election for the party in the Tees valley.
The Russian Orthodox Church has denied a claim that holy myrrh has been found on a bust of the late tsar Nicholas II, after a top prosecutor said she saw it weeping.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice, a judge from the appeals court in Denver, Colorado.
The woman who has been the first female founder of a major cyber security company has urged women to consider working in the industry, saying she was inspired by the "safe space" of coding as a teenager.
An exhibition has opened to mark the 50th anniversary of the last railway station to be built in the UK.
Asian markets fell on Monday after a survey showed that China's manufacturing activity shrank for the third month in a row in October.
A gang of armed robbers who tried to smash their way into a jewellery store in central London by smashing their way in with an axe and hammer are being held by police.
Bayer Leverkusen coach Joe Schmidt has been banned for two games for his foul-mouthed outburst in the defeat by Hoffenheim.
The European Union is facing a wave of populist and far-right movements, as the migrant crisis in Europe continues to rattle the political establishment.
The Green Party has made its first gain in Orkney in the local elections, with a councillor elected in the first round of local elections.
A motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car and a motorcycle in the west end of Glasgow.
It's been a night that's turned upside down, a night when the political world has been turned upsidedown.
A postcard sent to a woman in Spain 29 years ago has been found after being delivered to a man in Cornwall.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to the thousands of Scots who died in World War One, during a service to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company that makes a cream for eczema in a deal worth $3.3bn (£2.1bn).
A Canadian kidnapped by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been found dead, hours after a ransom deadline for his release was missed.
Madonna has released the first video from her new album, Madonna: The Carole King Story.
South Africa's governing ANC has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a "womaniser" and a " philanderer" after the president sued a cartoonist for defamation.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union, leaving it without the support of the bloc's biggest single source of funding.
An elderly man has been threatened with a knife and robbed in his own home in Glasgow.
The Scottish Conservatives have made history in the general election, with their best showing in decades north of the border.
China's Ding Junhui came from behind to beat Portugal's Marco Figueiredo 6-5 and win the World Championship first round 6-6 in Sheffield.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for its "poor" communication with victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber suffered a 6-4 6-2 6-3 defeat by Zheng Saisai in the second round of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
A service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the 75th anniversary of the last air raid by a Royal Navy squadron to be shot down in World War Two.
The Cassini spacecraft has been on a mission to Saturn for the past year, and it's been a success!
Street parties have been held across the UK and Commonwealth to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Actress Angharad Rees, who was best known for playing Poldark's Demelza, has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with making a bomb threat against a school after a 16-year-old girl was arrested.
Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh on a one-year deal after he was released by National League rivals Dover Athletic.
The Premier League has been a season to remember.
The Irish government has paid tribute to the six people who died when a balcony collapsed on a US apartment in San Francisco on Monday night.
A US college entrance exam for international students has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of a cheating scandal.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the election.
Swansea City are "seeing the old Swansea City again", says midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson.
Three Welsh police forces have been told they need to do more to tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation, in the latest of three reviews of their performance.
Paul Smith's bid for a third world title ended in defeat as he lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's WBA champion Badou Zeuge in the 11th round.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery in a new BBC One drama about the event.
The US has said it will not "walk back" from charges against Indian diplomat Sushma Khobragade, despite India's anger over her arrest last week.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in their history.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award for his work on behalf of the rights of the voiceless at a UN human rights ceremony.
Five MPs from the north of England have called on the chancellor to invest more in regional transport in the Autumn Statement.
British number two Dan Evans beat American qualifier John Isner in straight sets to reach the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open.
Voting has begun in local elections in Merseyside.
A seven-year-old boy has died after being found dead in a river in the Scottish Borders.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals, in a row over the use of pork in the country's schools.
Dublin won their second All-Ireland title in three years as they beat Mayo 0-17 to 0-13 in a thrilling All- Ireland Football final at Croke Park.
More Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry from their home country following the conflict in their country.
Russia has praised a Belarusian official who carried a Russian flag into Rio 2016 after he was removed from the Paralympics for displaying it in protest at the country's ban from the Games.
A man who killed a 19-year-old man by backing a tractor into him while he was drunk has been jailed for more than two years.
Former Tour de France winner David Millar has returned to British Cycling as a consultant after serving a two-year ban for doping.
Residents have said they are "very angry" a fire which has been burning for more than a week on land owned by the Environment Agency is still putting out a "toxic" smoke.
Eight men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including those of radical Islamist cleric Anjem Choudary, police have said.
A new technique for using light to transmit data has sparked a fierce debate in the academic world, with critics arguing that it is not only flawed but also dangerous.
The death of the Labour MP Charlotte Bevan from suspected suicide during pregnancy and the six months after her birth has highlighted the need for better mental health provision for pregnant and postnatal women.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community hydro schemes in Wales are facing a £1.5m business rates rise in the next year, with campaigners calling for more support from the Welsh Government.
Brighton midfielder Dale Stephens has been banned for the Championship play-off semi-final and the opening game of the new season after the Football Association upheld his red card.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to make a rare speech on Monday, amid a growing row over alleged payments to his wife and children.
Most UK workers have been forced to work when they are ill, according to a survey of more than 1,000 private sector workers.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding ordered for the building failed fire safety tests.
An Australian doctor has been found guilty of working under a false identity and breaching health regulations.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, saying he took him at his word when he said in the run-up to the election that he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state.
A woman who changed her name and changed her identity to avoid prosecution has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl after she had drunk a can of Foster's Foster's beer.
The government's new strategy to tackle extremism has been unveiled in the Commons, and it's a bold and ambitious plan that will be welcomed by many in the Muslim community.
Theresa May should not approach the issue of the Irish border as if she is still home secretary, former Conservative minister Lord Alderdice has said.
University leaders should be paid less than the prime minister, Mayor of London Boris Johnson is to say.
A skeleton of a carnivorous dinosaur that lived about 100 million years ago has been sold at auction in the US, despite protests from Mongolia's president.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman produced a stunning late penalty save to earn his side a point in their League Two game against Blackpool.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has risen by more than a third in six years, according to latest figures.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall, the latest in a series of thefts from similar sites in the past year.
More than a third of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to an AA survey.
A review of 20mph speed limits in Manchester has been ordered after a report found the speed limit has not cut road accidents as quickly as expected.
St Johnstone midfielder Kris Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Labour can beat the Conservatives by itself at Westminster, Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has said, rejecting a claim that the party has "no chance" of winning an outright majority.
A greyhound's ear has been found severed in a dump in Lancashire, prompting a reward for information about the death of the animal.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right neo-Nazi cell that carried out a string of murders has begun in Munich, in a case that has put the country's security services under intense scrutiny.
Univision has said it will continue to air the Miss Universe pageant, despite a boycott by US TV network Univision over comments made by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for making a "misunderstanding" during his speech at the Golden Globe awards, saying his "nerves got the better of me".
A £200m shopping and entertainment complex in Newport city centre has opened to the public.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC that central banks should stop trying to solve the world's economic problems by printing money.
Political parties have been talking a lot about tax avoidance and evasion in the run-up to the general election.
Rescuers in Italy are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake, which has killed more than 200 people, as the search for those missing continues.
A memorial service will be held in memory of the 11 people killed in the Shoreham air disaster.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) has been warned by a senior officer that moving his office to the force's Middlemoor headquarters could cost £1m a year.
The Australian government has announced a $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn; $1bn) drought assistance package for farmers in the state of Queensland.
A Texas grand jury has declined to indict anyone over the death of Sandra Bland, a woman who hanged herself in jail while in custody.
Crewe Alexandra have signed midfielder Ryan Nolan on a two-year deal.
China's Ding Junhui has reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship for the first time in his career with a comfortable win in the first round in China.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tim Berg could miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury, says head coach Gary Benkenstein.
A woman who was allegedly involved in a crash which killed her partner has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" when she was involved in the crash.
Mae'r Esgob Tyddewi wedi ei hethol gan aelodau yn dilyn ymddeoliad yn Sir Gâr ac yn Ganon Tyddwg yn ymchwilio ar ô
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Kevin Cox as their new manager following their relegation from the Football League.
Cadbury's decision to drop Fairtrade certification from its chocolate products in the UK has been welcomed by the Fairtrade Foundation, but there are concerns that other firms could follow suit.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's novel Americanah has won the National Critics Book Prize for fiction for the third time.
A Dundee United fan has admitted striking a Rangers fan with a football bat during a match at Aberdeen.
US security officials have said they are "very concerned" about the threat posed by Islamist militants ahead of the Super Bowl in California on Sunday.
Bolton striker Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane and was given 12 shocks before he regained consciousness, says his doctor Dr David Tobin.
A man has died after being found with serious head injuries in a flat in the Galloway town of Dumfries.
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in the second day of pre-season testing for Mercedes as he suggested that Ferrari and another team are in a close battle to be their closest rivals.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential art critic for the second year running.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a cardboard cutout of a female employee was seen performing sex acts on a male colleague in Malaysia.
Mae'r prif gategori yn cael ei ddefnyddio ysgolion yn y categori lliw ar gyfer ysglion gael ei defnyddo yn yr ysgleisio yn dweud
When Prof David Benton was growing up, he remembers the smell of oil in his kitchen.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow after losing six wickets on day three against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea has reportedly test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine, in what would be a major step towards developing a nuclear weapon.
The Information Commissioner's Office is warning that the number of unsolicited calls and texts about pension savings fraud has increased since the introduction of pension freedom.
A High Court hearing has been adjourned over a bid to bring back two brothers who lied in court as part of a deal to help the prosecution of paramilitary killers.
Young people are being warned about buying contact lenses that look like vampire makeup, which could put them at risk of eye problems.
A worker who was deported from Byron restaurant after being arrested in a Home Office operation to find illegal immigrants working at the chain's outlets has said he is "sad" he was used by the business.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole from fellow National League side Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones and Star Wars actress Gwendoline Christie is to join the cast of Top of the Lake for the second series of the BBC Two crime series.
First Derivatives, the Newry-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £9.5m for the six months to the end of September.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester using the same technique has been banned from the area he targeted.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in London later to discuss the UK's EU membership.
A Scottish inquiry into undercover policing has been ordered by the Scottish government after the UK government refused to extend a probe into allegations of misconduct by police.
Lazio will play their next two European matches behind closed doors and have their Europa League home matches against Stuttgart and Borussia Monchengladbach postponed.
Apple has welcomed a US judge's decision to throw out a court case that would have forced the tech giant to unlock an iPhone.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes between his supporters and protesters.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year contract with Ospreys.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog in a garden.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A Pullman carriage which carried Winston Churchill's coffin at his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored in a North Yorkshire town.
A collection of nude photographs of people taken during a city-wide art exhibition will go on display in Hull for the first time.
A collection of rare recordings of Christmas carols made by a family in London in the early 1900s have been restored and heard by their relatives for the first time.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after a BBC show on Have I Got News for You made "false statements" about Nigel Farage, the party has said.
Engineers have built a prototype octopus-style robotic arm that could be used in surgery.
The world's first steam locomotive to be restored in the UK for more than 50 years has made its first run on the North Yorkshire Moors Railway.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a Lord of the Dance performance by choreographer Katie Flatley.
A west Wales radio station is to relocate to a new studios, BBC Wales has learned.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies involved in drilling for oil in the Falklands, a territory claimed by Britain.
The B-52 bomber has crossed the finish line for the last time as part of its final journey before being grounded.
The Energy and Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband and the UK's Energy Secretary Ed Balls were discussing the impact of Brexit on the UK energy system on Wednesday.
The firm behind the app that identifies public figures using facial recognition technology has said it has made a "significant" improvement to its service.
Rory McIlroy finished tied for second as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title in China.
A search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of Northern Ireland on Saturday has been called off after it was declared a hoax.
Facebook has announced a raft of new apps for its Messenger messaging service, including one that allows other social networks and services to directly post to it.
It's the kind of visit that's not just for the rich and powerful, it's also the kind that's going to make the world's most powerful man look like a child in a candy store.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to help local forces fight Islamic State (IS) militants, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
The US has expressed concern over the raids on the offices of several US-based Egyptian pro-democracy groups, which are being investigated for alleged illegal funding.
The entrance to the Natural History Museum in London's West End is ajar, with a large, dark, metal door that leads to a basement laboratory tucked away in a corner.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a beach in Pembrokeshire.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell.
Work has begun on a £5m World War Two memorial to the Spitfire, which will be built in the shape of the aircraft's tail rotor, to mark the Battle of the Somme.
Widnes Vikings moved up to eighth in Super League as two tries from Ryan Owens helped them to a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves.
South Africa is a country that offers a wide range of experiences, from safaris to foodie tours, and from swimming with sharks to taking a cycle tour around the city's graffiti-strewn streets.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed midfielder Yann Kermorgant from Chesterfield for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq index of leading US stocks suffered its biggest one-day fall in more than a year on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in chip stocks.
Sri Lankan maids who fled abusive employers in Saudi Arabia say they are still suffering from the effects of torture and have been unable to return home because of a lack of protection.
US President Barack Obama has said he is "delighted" after the Supreme Court upheld a key part of his healthcare law, despite a challenge by opponents.
A man who escaped from custody in 1974 and spent more than 40 years on the run has been jailed for two years for possessing a firearm and ammunition.
Thousands of mourners have gathered in the Egyptian capital Cairo to pay their last respects to the late Coptic Christian Pope Shenouda, who died on Saturday.
A man has been found dead in a car in Nottinghamshire.
It's not that surprising that Jeremy Corbyn's team has released a photograph of him clutching a giant vegetable on the eve of Labour's conference.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised by the quality of England's Marcus Rashford, who has been named in his Euro 2016 squad.
MPs have rejected a bid to amend the same-sex marriage bill, which is being debated in the House of Commons for the first time since the government gave its support in principle.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant at the University of Aberdeen have been closed after a fire at the school.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient and move into the League Two play-off places.
Wrexham's drug problem has been in the news for the past few weeks, with reports that a new batch of "zombified" drugs is being used in the town.
Zanzibar's electoral commission chairman has cancelled the presidential and parliamentary elections in the archipelago, saying the vote was marred by fraud and violence.
More than 5,000 jobs were created in Wales by overseas firms in the last financial year, according to new figures.
A chemical weapons watchdog has concluded that a chemical attack in Syria last month that killed more than 80 people was probably carried out by the Syrian government.
A Yemeni Islamist militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has announced that it has kidnapped three Yemeni soldiers.
A man who had his suit bag stolen from a train after attending a Gallipoli remembrance ceremony has been reunited with it after a woman who had picked up his suitbag accidentally found it in her wardrobe.
British Paralympic champion David Weir has said he will still compete in the London Marathon despite announcing his retirement from international racing.
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut 76 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive to save £5m.
An investigation is under way into allegations of malpractice in a business studies exam in Belfast.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has surprised a small crowd of about 150 people with an unannounced set at the Glastonbury Festival.
Sierra Leone's first Ebola survivor, Ibrahim Jallow, has been working to help people in the country's rural areas to learn how to prevent the deadly virus from spreading.
Former Conservative MP Sir Eric Pickles is to stand down as an MP for Brentwood and Ongar in June's general election, after 25 years in Westminster.
Lyon moved to within a point of Ligue 1 leaders Paris St-Germain with a comfortable win at the Parc des Princes, ending the champions' unbeaten league run.
Juventus midfielder Federico Bernardeschi has signed a new five-year contract with the Italian champions, keeping him at the club until 2021.
The world's biggest technology companies are getting into the wearable health market and they are all coming up with new gadgets that help us track our health and fitness.
Pope Francis has approved the beatification of Mother Teresa, the Roman Catholic Church's first saint, after the Vatican said it had found a second miracle attributed to her.
A controlled explosion has been carried out on two World War Two bombs found on a beach in the Highlands.
Second hand Volkswagen cars have not lost value as a result of the emissions scandal, despite the company's admission that it cheated emissions tests, research suggests.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "pretty sympathetic" to Apple's position on the FBI's demand that it unlock an iPhone.
The body of a woman has been recovered from the Java Sea and buried in Indonesia, the second body to be identified from the AirAsia plane that crashed on Sunday.
Oban Camanachd will face Oban Camanachtd in the Camanacd Cup semi-finals after a 4-1 win at Kilmallie on Saturday saw the Premiership side overcome the lower leagues in the quarter-finals.
Belgian police have killed two suspected Islamists who were trying to attack a train station in a town near the German border, a prosecutor says.
Staff are to wear night-vision goggles to catch dog owners who leave their pets in "hotspots" in Staffordshire.
A squirrel was found "sozzled" after it ran across a bar's pumps and turned on the tap at a railway club, a member of the club said.
Police Scotland has been urged to reveal what it knew about allegations it spied on MSPs and journalists.
A US man who was wrongly convicted of murder 22 years ago has been freed after a judge ruled he was wrongly imprisoned.
Five businesses in Edinburgh have been fined after it was found they were using communal bins meant for residents' waste to dump trade waste.
The families of two inmates who died in self-inflicted shootings at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a legal challenge against the authorities.
The Red Arrows will be replaced by a new fleet of aircraft within the next two years, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A campaigner for people with learning disabilities has said he is "ready to go" to die after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused Bastia fans of making monkey noises during their 2-0 defeat by Nice on Friday, with Bastia's director of football Philippe Plea claiming he heard "monkey noises" from the stands.
Members of the RMT union have voted in favour of strike action on Virgin Trains East Coast services on the East Coast Main Line.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks after having surgery on an ankle injury and could miss the rest of the season.
It's not the first time a Top Gear presenter has been asked to step down, but it's the latest in a series of resignations that have dominated social media.
The death rate for honey bees in Europe has risen to a record high, with a mortality rate of 13.6% in 2012-13, according to a survey of more than 32,000 colonies.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged son of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, has been returned to the country by Chinese authorities, China's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has ended its project with Wonder Woman, after a campaign to promote gender equality was criticised for its use of the character.
A man has been taken to hospital after his yacht was badly damaged in an explosion off the west coast of Scotland.
A man has been found guilty of racially aggravated behaviour after allegedly shouting racist abuse at a pro-refugee rally.
A seven-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Liverpool could increase council tax to help fund the running of its parks and open spaces, a report has suggested.
Nigeria's government has said it has shut down a radio station that broadcasts from a group calling for the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra.
A homeless man who has raised more than £1m for homeless people and helped to improve services in London has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Boeing has tested a new high powered laser that can be used to shoot down drones.
Five people have been arrested after the death of teenager James Appleton who was stabbed in north London.
Crusaders will hope to maintain their 100% start to the season when they host Glenavon in their final game before the end of the season as they look to maintain the pressure on Premiership leaders Linfield.
Former Liverpool striker John St John believes some of his former team-mates have dementia as a result of playing football.
BBC Sport is home to live coverage of all the sport you care about, from rugby union, rugby league, cricket, tennis, football, ice hockey, athletics, tennis and athletics.
A portrait of Mozart has been painted and projected on to buildings around the North East to highlight the composer's "dark side".
A new scheme to introduce 'Boris bikes' in London is to be launched in the city.
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs to win the second Test in Colombo and take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
The world's biggest golf tournament will be moved to Mexico next year, with US presidential candidate Donald Trump saying the decision is a "sad day" for the game of golf.
The Scottish government's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol have been the subject of a long-running legal battle, with the policy facing a fresh legal challenge in the Scottish Courts.
Status Quo fans have paid tribute to Rick Parfitt, who has died aged 69, after the rock band's manager confirmed he had died.
Motorists are set to face a rise in insurance premiums of up to £13 a year, as the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate rises.
A loan striker on loan from Chelsea is on a goalscoring roll, while a 14-man red card was the talking point of the English Football League on Saturday.
Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with the early results of his Hibernian and Motherwell teams as they prepare for the Betfred Cup group stage.
A leading academic has warned that changes to the way universities are governed could have "perverse and possibly unintended consequences" for the role of the rector at the University of Aberdeen.
Cardiff City captain Peter Whittingham has been offered a new contract by the club.
A drilling rig is to arrive in the UK to help in the decommissioning of the Beatrice oil field.
World champion Mark Selby says he has not reached his peak yet at the World Championship in Sheffield, despite being in a poor run of form.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police investigating allegations of financial irregularities involving their family business, the candidate has said.
Plymouth Argyle's Chris Kelly has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association after an incident in the League Two win over Plymouth Argyll on Saturday.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel Smith on loan from National League rivals Wrexham until the end of the season.
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
Two stolen iPhones belonging to One Direction fans have been found after being tracked down by police using a mobile phone tracking app.
A woman has died after being hit by a train on a level crossing in Suffolk.
Irish dancer Kevin O'Donnell has said he was "nervous" before every live show on Strictly Come Dancing.
The search is on for the next 'psychic' octopus to predict the outcome of the Women's World Cup, after Paul the octopus failed to predict Germany's victory over Canada at the last tournament.
Colwyn Bay have sacked manager Gary Lynch after just six months in charge of the National League strugglers.
A blind man has won the World Conker Championships for the second year running.
A car driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his vehicle after it was spotted being tied to the back of the vehicle by a strap.
The first of a number of new "superdrones" being developed by European defence companies is being unveiled at the Paris Air Show.
How much do you know about the Greek community in London and what do you do if you want to get into the know?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and has said it is considering leaving the body.
The Church of England is to withdraw its investment portfolio from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy, for the first time.
Francesco Guidolin says he is confident Swansea City can avoid relegation from the Premier League, despite the club's poor run of form.
Manchester United suffered their third Champions League defeat in a week as they were outclassed by a dominant Olympiakos side in the last 16 of the Europa League.
The US has urged Pakistan to "respond strongly" to the attack on an Indian air force base in Punjab, which has left at least five people dead.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan has returned to India, saying she feared she would die in the country.
Three senior Liberal Democrat politicians have lost their seats in the Scottish Parliament election, the first time the party has lost three of its MPs in Scotland since the 1990s.
Madagascar's parliament has voted to suspend President Hery Rajaonarimampianina after he refused to step down following a no-confidence vote.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 as his side reached 351-4 on day three of the second Test against Pakistan, with the match still in the balance.
Lecturers at Glasgow colleges have agreed to suspend a planned one-day strike over pay.
Didn't the government already have a plan to take military action in Syria?
A giant bouncy castle, thought to be the world's biggest, is being used at a music festival in Hampshire.
A suspected firearm has been found in north Belfast.
Two boys have been sentenced to life in prison for raping and murdering a 14-year-old girl in Indonesia, in a case that sparked protests in the capital, Jakarta.
Mexico's National Security Commissioner Luis Felipe Galindo has been sacked over allegations that police killed at least 40 people during a raid on a drug cartel.
Computer systems used by airlines to book flights and other travel arrangements are vulnerable to attack, say security researchers.
More than a third of police officers in England and Wales are considering leaving the service because of low morale, a survey by the Police Federation suggests.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders St Helens with a hard-fought win over Salford in the rain and wind at Headingley.
Oxford's Oxford Street will be made pedestrian-only for the next two years after councillors agreed to allow the practice to continue.
The England and Wales Cricket Board will not be allowed to play any of their fixtures in Bangladesh during the tour of the country following the deadly attack on a cafe in the country, the ECB has said.
The chief executive of a council has been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud at a rival authority.
David Cameron is to make a fresh push for a "more flexible" European Union as he begins a week-long visit to Europe.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side's players need to improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers in Thursday's National League game.
A giant flower which has been growing in a glass house at the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh for years is expected to bloom later.
Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October despite the British boxer being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted murdering three men and preventing their bodies from being buried in a Peterboroughshire ditch.
A drone that can be controlled by the brain using only the human brain has been developed.
The demolition company that was due to carry out the work at the former Stenhousemuir power station in County Down has been replaced.
Indonesia's main opposition PDI-P party has come in third in the parliamentary election, but it is unclear if it will be able to enter the presidential race next month.
Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a new bid approach for rival SABMiller, in a deal that would create the world's biggest brewer.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced £250m of funding to improve access to tennis courts in Britain.
The South West of England is to get the most money from a new fund to tackle the shortage of affordable homes for second-home owners, the government has announced.
A computer program developed by US scientists is taking on the world's best poker players in a new contest, in which the AI program will have to bluff its way to victory.
Two men have been jailed for the murder of a Ballymena restaurant owner in what a judge described as one of the most vicious attacks he has experienced as a police officer.
Islamic State (IS) fighters have launched a major attack on a hospital in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, after a siege by pro-government forces there for two years.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-born French-Vietnamese writer to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all the matches at the World Cup for the next three weeks against a variety of different guests.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year, but the industry needs more support from the government, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) has said.
Uber has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.1bn) to settle lawsuits brought by US customers who claimed it was not doing enough to ensure the safety of its drivers.
A lion has escaped from a South African national park where a tourist was killed last week by a lion, officials say.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey for the first time in more than a decade.
A former soldier has been jailed for life for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl who was found dead in 1976 after her body was found in a thicket.
South Sudan's president has sacked his entire cabinet, including the vice-president, in a major reshuffle, officials say.
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies for the International Space Station (ISS) has been lost in orbit after losing contact with its launch vehicle.
The children in the schoolroom in the refugee camp in the Bekaa Valley are playing with crayon drawings of their future.
Two British people have died after a yacht ran aground off the coast of Cape Town in South Africa.
Flooding caused by heavy rain in Norfolk has caused damage to homes and businesses, the fire service has said.
A cat found dead in a car in Glasgow died after being poisoned with antifreeze, the Scottish SPCA has said.
The Utah Owlz minor league baseball team has apologised after a promotion for a "Caucasian Heritage Night" was widely condemned as racist, following the recent shootings in South Carolina.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman who has been missing from her Milton Keynes home for more than a week.
What do you do when you have the flu and you're the star of the MTV Video Music Awards?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City's Premier League title win in 2016 was hailed as the greatest sporting story in the city's history, and the city has seen a surge in tourism following the team's success.
Nick Gubbins hit his second century of the season as Middlesex took control against Somerset on day two at Taunton.
Labour leadership candidate Ed Miliband has said he is "disappointed" by the UK's involvement in the Iraq war but has not apologised for his party's decision to go to war.
A hen party on a hen party got into difficulty when their boat got stuck in mud and had to be rescued by a lifeboat.
Harry Potter actor Tom Bradley is to play the role of William Hartnell in a new Doctor Who episode, the BBC has announced.
The European Commission has recommended that a decision on the Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset should be taken in principle, after talks with the UK government.
A CCTV image of a man police want to speak to in connection with the "horrific" robbery and torture of a couple at their Kent home has been released.
Work has begun on a new community centre in Anglesey's former market hall.
The government is still considering plans to reform the way police stop and search people, despite a 12 December deadline for a decision, BBC Newsnight has learned.
New Glentoran manager Stephen Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the best way for his side to turn their season around.
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Gwynedd hospital in a row over the future of consultant-led services.
Dundee manager Grant McCann has cancelled the players' day off after his side's poor display in the League Cup win over Stirling Albion.
Slovakia is a small, mountainous country in the south-east of Europe, which has been independent since 1993.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he is "not ruling out" signing former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker on a short-term deal.
A derelict bowling pavilion from a Suffolk park is to be turned into a museum.
England secured their place at Euro 2017 with a comfortable victory over Belgium in their final group match of the qualifying campaign.
Google has confirmed it has shut down its internet-providing drones, Titan Aerospace, which it had been working on.
A man who escaped from a hospital in Manchester by jumping from a window while being treated for an assault has been found.
Prof Frank Pantridge, the Belfast-born doctor who invented the portable defibrillator, was known as a "big personality" with a mischievous streak and a low opinion of authority.
British Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the World Superbantamweight Series final in the final in Las Vegas.
Championship side Oldham reached the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a thumping win over Hull KR, who were out of the competition for the first time since 2008.
Tehran's mayor has said the city's government will pay for the renovation of the notorious Evin prison, which has been used as a prison for decades, to be turned into a park.
A woman in her 60s has been seriously injured after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
A senior prosecutor has said he regrets the decision not to prosecute two men convicted of grooming a 15-year-old girl for sex in 2008, but says he would have charged them even if the case had been dropped.
It is a tragedy that no-one should have to suffer from cardiac arrest.
The BBC's radio stations have seen their audience share fall, according to research by audience research body Nielsen.
A festival to celebrate the work of a medieval philosopher is being held in his home town in the Highlands.
Schalke have appointed Italian Francesco Tedesco as their new head coach, replacing the sacked Volker Kiese Eduardo.
Celtic have been fined £100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group match against Besiktas.
A towpath on the towpath at a historic canal bridge in Carmarthenshire will close for three weeks for repair work.
The Scottish Professional Football League has issued new rules to tackle disorder at matches.
In the early 1970s, the Maoist rebels, who had been fighting for a communist revolution in the Indian states of West Bengal and Bihar, were seen as a minor threat to security forces.
Scientists have used a new technique to trace the origins of hundreds of thousands of cells in living organisms, using a molecular tape recorder that records their genetic code.
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey won her 16th world title with victory in the women's individual time trial at the Para-cycling Track World Championships.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption, after being found guilty of accepting a bribe.
Plans to reform prisons, tackle extremism and tackle extremism are among the measures announced in the Queen's Speech, which is the government's first major policy statement since taking office.
A boy who was mauled by a crocodile in an Australian national park has been rescued and two other crocodiles have been shot by police.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their World Cup disappointment and win the war against Switzerland if they are to be a good team at Euro 2016.
An app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire to find help for mental health problems, including suicide.
Two men who admitted illegally burying thousands of tyres in a County Antrim village have been given suspended prison sentences.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by an innings and 88 runs in the first Test in Colombo to level the series at 1-1.
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall in the Philippines, bringing heavy rain and strong winds to the capital, Manila, as it continues to move westwards.
Ireland have re-signed all-rounder James Rankin from England for the 2016 InterContinental Cup and World Twenty20.
Zinedine Zidane's first game in charge of Real Madrid was a dismal one for the club on 27 February 2016.
The England and Wales Cricket Board has announced the long-awaited changes to the county cricket schedule for the 2016 season.
A town's Grade II-listed market cross is set to cost up to £6,000 to repair after it was hit by a car.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion is a French department in the Indian Ocean, off the coast of southern Africa.
The US has said it will not co-operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism, as the Trump administration seeks to improve relations with Moscow.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under-par 66 to move two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after round two of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to take over at Championship side Rotherham United, saying the club "fit" with his ambition to manage at the "very top level".
Othman al-Kurdish, a farmer from northern Iraq, was just a child when the Mosul Dam was built in 1984, but he was forced to flee his home when it was captured by Islamic State militants in 2014.
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned a valuable lesson after being tricked into retweeting a joke on Twitter.
A butcher has said he is "gutted" after Christmas meat worth £20,000 was stolen in a break-in at his shop.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to her son in December.
Leeds Rhinos say it will take six months to fully restore their training ground after it was flooded by flood water and cost more than £1m.
Six teenagers who died after being found dead in a remote hut in northern Germany died of carbon monoxide poisoning, police say.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group used corruption to recruit people and use them as recruits, a report has claimed.
Lewis Hamilton says the new Formula 1 season will be "exciting" because of the close racing between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists have discovered the first direct evidence of a mysterious heat hotspot in the upper atmosphere of Jupiter's polar regions.
Bradford Bulls will be allowed to resume membership of the Rugby Football League after the club's new owners Shahid Khan and John Sutcliffe were granted permission to do so by the RFL.
Leicester Riders are aiming to add the British Basketball League title to their Premier League and Women's Big League titles as they prepare for their second final in three seasons.
Kilmarnock moved into second place in the Premiership with a comfortable victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead after a car crashed into barriers in central Paris, leaving two others injured, police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, official figures have shown.
A horse that was declared winner of a race at a Norfolk track was the wrong horse, after a scan of its microchipped identification tag revealed it was a stablemate of another runner.
The UK could still remain a member of the European Union after the referendum, a former cabinet secretary has said.
At least eight people have been killed in a fire at a garment factory in Bangladesh after an explosion and fire at the same time, officials say.
The French president has said the world must never forget the victims of the Nazi concentration camp at Natzweiler-Struthof, where more than 50,000 people died.
Google has offered a reward to a student who was accidentally given control of the Google.com web domain after an error in its website-buying system.
The Home Office has said it is considering whether to hold an inquiry into the policing of the Battle of Orgreave during the 1984 miners' strike.
Motherwell moved into the Premiership's top four as Scott Johnson scored a late winner against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A billionaire who has spent his life giving away his wealth has inspired other billionaire businessmen, such as Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, to follow his lead.
A Conservative MP who left his wife to marry a Labour woman has been reselected to his constituency after being the subject of a "vicious smear campaign".
Companies in southern India are taking Friday off to allow employees to watch the release of superstar Rajinikanth's latest film.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom is in hospital after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel.
I'm not sure if I've ever seen two more significant events in Brussels in the space of a few days.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has stood by his claim he had never been given an injection of performance-enhancing drugs, despite claims he had taken banned substances before major races.
A new population of a rare spider has been born in a Suffolk field after a three-year project to breed them.
The National League for Democracy (NLD) has announced its candidates for the presidency and vice-president of Myanmar, after Aung San Suu Kyi failed to secure a deal with the army to allow her to take the post.
A 17-year-old girl is using computer science to teach computers how to diagnose cancer.
South Sudan's state TV has been broadcasting a military propaganda campaign to boost its military presence in Heglig, as Sudanese forces prepare to invade the town.
More than half of the residents of a village in the Cumbrian Wolds have objected to plans for up to 1,000 new homes.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by more than a million in the past year, according to official figures, prompting claims that the EU is taking jobs from British workers.
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for a painting of a leper squint for the fourth time.
A notorious Nigerian kidnap kingpin who was arrested last month has filed a lawsuit against the police.
Northern Ireland striker Steven Paterson says his side are still searching for answers after their 2-0 defeat by Azerbaijan in their final World Cup qualifier in Baku.
The Irish finance minister has failed to respond to calls to allow Nama to appear before the assembly's finance committee, the committee has said.
A burst water main caused flooding outside a London Underground station, causing trains to be cancelled and cars to be left stranded.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering his abdication, according to reports, amid reports that he is considering stepping down.
A company that planned to drill a deep borehole in Fermanagh to test for gas has been denied planning permission.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly to help scrutinise legislation, the Chartered Institute of Accountants has said.
UK universities are considering opening branches in other European countries to help them cope with the impact of Brexit, the BBC has learned.
Long naps during the day may increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, a study in Japan suggests.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics after losing in the play-off round of the World Championship in Japan.
The remains of a man shot by the army in 1972 are to be exhumed by police to see if a bullet from his killing can be retrieved from his grave.
Scottish author Irvine Kelman is among the contenders for this year's Saltire Book of the Year award, which celebrates the best in Scottish fiction and non-fiction writing.
The greats of the past have been known to put in extra effort in the big games, and to be more ruthless in the derby.
The fastest-growing area of UK house prices in the past year has been the South East of England, official figures show, although the pace of growth has slowed in the rest of the country.
NHS staff in London are increasingly tempted to move outside the capital because of a shortage of nurses, according to a survey by the Royal College of Nursing.
Karrueche Tristan has said she's "disgusted" by the drama surrounding Chris Brown.
The family of a Texas woman who died in police custody after being arrested for a traffic offence have said they are "shocked and saddened" by her death.
It's the most important campaign in the history of the United Nations.
N-Dubz have revealed they were surprised to be nominated for four Mobo Awards at this year's ceremony, after being told they had been nominated for three.
Six teenagers have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucester.
South Africa have called up batsman Stephen Cook to their squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town on Saturday.
A number of anti-fascists who took part in a counter-protest against a skinhead event were "some of the most intolerant people you could come across", a police chief has said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are in Bhutan for the first time as members of the Royal Family, and it's a trip that will be a chance for the Duke and the Duchess of Cornwall to meet the country's young king and queen.
The area of ice covering the French Alps has been reduced by more than a quarter in the last 40 years, according to a new survey.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating claims a millionaire property developer banned people of Indian descent from renting his properties because of the smell of curry.
A train carrying fuel tanks has derailed and exploded in Bulgaria, causing a fire and explosion in a village in the north-eastern province of Shumen, officials say.
A man has admitted stealing a woman's handbag after she fell to her death from a motorway bridge while holding it in her hand.
Lewis Hamilton won his first world title with a dramatic victory in the final race of the season in the United States.
The family of a boy who died after being hit by a motorbike in Greece have said they are "mortified" after the rider's sentence was upheld.
A puppet of Thunderbirds star Lady Penelope, created by the show's creator Ken Anderson, is to be auctioned off in memory of his late son.
The GCSE exams in England are to undergo the biggest shake-up in a generation, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked as Nigeria coach by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles.
The government is considering new measures to limit the rights of migrants from former East European countries coming to the UK, the BBC understands.
A former vicar who admitted a string of child sex offences including encouraging a 15-year-old girl to have sex with her pet dog has been jailed for 12 years.
The number of patients being seen within four hours in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year, NHS England has said.
The government is to investigate a decision to remove three children from the care of a couple in Rotherham who are UKIP members, the education secretary has said.
A fan in Aberdeen has bet £100,000 on Andy Murray winning the ATP World Tour Finals in Glasgow, according to bookmaker Ladbrokes.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in the Cathcart area of Glasgow.
Mexican authorities have arrested former governor of the northern state of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, on corruption charges, officials say.
Chesterfield's Paul Bonne scored the only goal as they drew with 10-man Colchester United in League One.
Tower Bridge is to close for six months for maintenance work to repair its decking and to allow for a £1.5m refurbishment.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to the judging panel of The Voice UK, it has been announced.
The Famous Five, the popular children's books set in the 1950s and '60s, are to be followed up with a series of adult adventures.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in the head and chest on Saturday night.
A reality TV show could leave an Essex town with "stereotypes" if it is not replaced by a new show, a tourism expert has warned.
A second woman has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl in north London in 2001.
Microsoft has agreed to sell 650 patents to Facebook in a deal that could help the social networking site defend itself against a lawsuit from Yahoo.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Stuart Bowe made his first appearance in more than two years as he returned to action for Ulster A in Thursday's Pro12 match against Munster.
US President Donald Trump has denied that he has any recordings of a conversation with former FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservative leader has said he wants an independent inquiry into the NHS in Wales, and has called for an independent review of the health service.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has been "rushed" into taking charge of the club, according to Craig Levein.
Residents have been asked to help tackle mountain fires in south Wales after a spate of deliberately-set blazes.
US President Barack Obama is set to choose his hometown of Chicago as the site of his presidential library, after the city was shortlisted for a bid from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the current financial year, as it prepares to work with Suzuki, the world's second-largest carmaker.
A woman who added her middle name to her passport for "a laugh" has been told it has been cancelled after the Home Office said it would not recognise the change.
Two brothers have appeared in court charged with terror offences.
Ciara Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith both won their second titles at the Santry meeting on Saturday as they both qualified for Sunday's 1500m final at the Irish Championships.
Dundee United and Rangers will meet in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals on the weekend of 16 and 17 April.
It is a story of a toddler who died after being denied entry to a hospital in Pakistan's southern city of Karachi because of a traffic jam caused by the motorcade of the country's former prime minister, Benazir Bhutto.
The families of five men who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant have said they want answers about why they were killed.
Stirling Albion moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a comfortable victory over Queen of the South.
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in England and Wales.
The Nigerian man who tried to blow up a US airliner on Christmas Day 2009 has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for attempted murder.
The Tui Group, the UK's biggest holiday firm, has said it is "deeply shocked" by the Tunisian terror attack that killed dozens of people in the country in June.
A World War Two bomb has been found on the west coast of Scotland, police have said.
The US Supreme Court is expected to split 4-4 in a case that could decide whether non-profit groups can object to a requirement that employers provide contraception in their health plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to fly around the world using the power of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in the Pacific Ocean.
Celtic have made their second youngest player of the season after 13-year-old Karamoko Dembele made his first start for the club's under-20s.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman David Brown has backed head coach Colin Gordon to remain in charge of the club's second team.
A group of radio stations in the US has apologised after a sexual podcast was broadcast on its stations using a popular streaming box.
Manchester City secured a top-four Premier League finish and a Champions League place for next season as Manuel Pellegrini's final game as Manchester City manager ended in a draw at Swansea.
American Bubba Watson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Shenzhen International, which was suspended because of a waterlogged clubhouse.
A late goal from substitute Liam Doughty gave Swindon Town a dramatic win over Millwall in the first game under interim boss Lee Williams.
Theresa May has been accused of letting austerity damage her ability to keep the public safe after the London terror attack, as Labour called for an increase in community police officers.
Former Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
A human chain of light has been held in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the city by the RAF during World War Two.
British singer-songwriter Clive Sarstedt, best known for his hit song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 74.
The BBC has commissioned a 10-part drama series based on the best-selling children's book series by Laurence Blackman, the corporation has announced.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences against women.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
BP has withdrawn its non-essential staff from Libya, saying it is pulling out of the country because of "ongoing political uncertainty".
It's not often that head teachers give the education secretary a warm reception.
A fire has broken out in a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry after a "bed pan washer" caught fire.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of former ITV bodyguard David Hayden in east London.
A project to help pupils at a school where a teenager was killed by a train has been launched by the mother of a boy who was subjected to online abuse.
A young actor who plays a young man in the US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filth".
The UK is to become the first country in Europe to import hydro-power from Norway, after the two countries signed a deal to connect their electricity networks.
A man who drove to Manchester to help people affected by the attack in the city has said he was "heartened" by the support he received from people across the country.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep-killing spree has escaped again, officials say.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign was a bit like a cross between a US presidential campaign and a European election campaign.
Ipswich Town ended a run of three straight defeats with a comfortable win over QPR at Portman Road.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is now in its fifth month and the number of deaths has passed 1,000.
Police have said they have seized 16 petrol bombs from a house in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the second of its Sentinel-1b satellites, which will provide a huge range of Earth-observation services.
The head of Scotland's biggest fishing industry body has said the industry should be out of the European Union.
A man has died and six people have been injured in a crash between a bus and a private ambulance in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County will be the biggest game of his career and the biggest of his players' careers.
A car owner has said he is "devastated" after a section of wall collapsed on his cars during flash flooding in Fife.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to make "urgent" savings to improve services, according to a report by the public spending watchdog.
A man has been jailed for 30 years for raping a woman in a "horrific attack" 30 years ago.
A Chinese linguist who has been working on improving the Chinese language for more than 60 years is now one of the world's oldest living scientists.
Stevenage have signed striker Jordan Hyde on a one-year deal after he was released by York City.
The Crucible and the Royal Shakespeare Company's first black Hamlet are among the nominees for this year's Theatre World Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of playing under new Norwich City manager Daniel Farke after a season in which he was dropped by former boss Alex Neil.
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in gerbils, a move which could lead to a significant improvement in the condition.
Work has begun on a £100m shopping and entertainment complex in Oxford which will replace a former car park.
Tunisia is holding its first parliamentary election since the overthrow of long-serving President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011, in which the Islamist Ennahda Movement and its secular opponents are fighting for power.
The estate of Johnny Cash has released previously unheard recordings of the singer, his son John Carter Cash has said.
Children who have experienced domestic abuse in the early years are more likely to develop poor health later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man has appeared in court charged with child sex offences.
Three Scottish athletes have been selected for Team GB's athletics squad for the Rio 2016 Olympics.
Port Vale have sacked manager Bruno Ribeiro after just six months in charge of the club.
School libraries are being "faded and neglected" in England with many head teachers "failing to provide a basic service", teachers' leaders have said.
Mae fflamau yn cael ei gwblhau i adeiladu Grenfell wedi dweud ei bod yn byw yng nghysgod yr adeILad yn dymchwel a dyw ach
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for breaching rules on player testing.
The funeral of a Tudor princess who was once considered a saint by many people is celebrated in Leicester Cathedral every year.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to the code-breaker Alan Turing, who was Britain's most famous code-cracking pioneer.
US President Barack Obama has been treated to a live performance of Bob Marley's final song as he visited the home of the late Jamaican singer on his first visit to the country.
Oldham's League One game against Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Boundary Park.
Russell Knox hopes to learn from fellow Scot Sandy Lyle when he competes at the Masters for the first time this week.
Middlesex batsman Matt Simpson has signed a new two-year contract extension to keep him at Lord's until the end of the 2018 season.
President Donald Trump's order to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities that do not co-operate with immigration officials has been blocked by a US judge.
The government's plan to bring in thousands of Syrian refugees directly from refugee camps will have the unintended consequence of reducing the number of Christians coming to the UK, a senior Welsh Catholic has said.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have found the remains of nine female foetuses in a plastic bag in a drain in a village in the state.
Wales women ran in seven tries as they thrashed the UK Armed Forces in their first autumn international in Cardiff.
A man who made a hoax bomb threat to a hospital that led to the evacuation of 22 patients and staff has been jailed.
The Smiths have revealed they discussed reuniting for a few shows in the early 2000s, but the idea never came to pass.
Motherwell have appointed Mark McGhee as their new manager, with the Scotland assistant manager saying he is "delighted" to return to Fir Park.
The world's food supply is at risk from the growing risks posed by climate change and trade routes, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted for more than 24 hours after a power cut caused a section of the main line to be closed.
A blood test could help detect ovarian cancer earlier, a study in the US suggests.
What is it about England that has made them so hard to ignore?
The bodies of two people have been found in the rubble of a building destroyed by an explosion in New York City on Saturday, two days after the blast, officials say.
The UK's biggest mobile phone maker, EE, has announced its first Android-powered handset.
The annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in India is a huge gathering of people, but, when they get together, they can spread antibiotic resistance genes to other organisms in the river, research suggests.
A man has died after being stabbed to death in Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school which depicts a black man in a black suit and a white woman in a white dress.
British number two Kyle Edmund was knocked out of the Rogers Cup in Toronto as he lost to third seed Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals.
St Johnstone striker Scott MacLean has signed a new contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Twenty years ago this week, a sheep called Dolly the Sheep was born in Scotland.
A man who was caught by a paedophile-hunting vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl he had groomed online has been jailed for eight years.
Clashes have continued in the Syrian town of Kobane, where Islamic State (IS) militants are fighting Kurdish fighters to keep their hold on part of the town.
A new footbridge in West Sussex will cost £9.8m less than expected, after a £1.5m overspend was reduced by the government, Chancellor George Osborne has announced.
A World War Two veteran who survived the Auschwitz concentration camp and became one of the UK's oldest poppy collectors is celebrating his 100th birthday.
A human skull has been found in a field in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his old club Manchester United in the first match of his first pre-season tour as Manchester City boss.
Aggiereko, the Scottish power supplier that supplies power to the Olympics and Winter Olympics, has reported a sharp fall in profits and plans to cut costs.
A driver has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was knocked off his bike in a hit-and-run crash in Fife.
A man arrested in connection with the Kingsmills atrocity will not be prosecuted, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
A man who posed as a clown to scare schoolchildren in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by the prank.
In the Russian community in Turkey, the grief was palpable as people gathered around the memorial to the Russian ambassador to Turkey.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, the 17th Century mansion destroyed by fire in 2012.
It has been almost a year since the referendum result and the public has been asking me for my views on the issue for the past six months.
Mae'r gael ei gael yn dweud ei ddeall i chi dreulio awr bore Sadwrn neu fore Sul i weld pa adar sydd yn eich gerddi yn y gaeaf.
Alex Baptiste's first-half header was enough to give Preston a win at Norwich as they moved into the Championship play-off places.
Police have appealed for information after two cows died in Conwy county after eating tree cuttings dumped in a field.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse scandal have been told they face losing their funding unless they make "significant improvements".
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the head after being called to a 999 call has been suspended from the profession.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in the chest in Leeds.
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support after winning The Jump.
The Lethal Weapon franchise is to be remade for TV, according to reports, with Fox set to make a pilot episode for a new series.
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a hat-trick in one-day internationals as he helped Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series.
The government has banned five Syrian jihadist groups, including the so-called Islamic State (IS), and four Palestinian militant groups, under a motion of no confidence.
Estonia, one of the three Baltic states in the European Union, is a small, mountainous country in the north-east of the country, with a long history of conflict and occupation.
A public consultation is being held on how to improve the facilities at Dumfries High School.
Russell Slade will leave his position as Cardiff City manager at the end of the season after the Bluebirds' relegation from the Championship.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been jailed for six years for filming people having sex from the aircraft.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's Stormont Justice Committee has received a letter claiming to be from the chairman of the Law Society of Northern Ireland in relation to the Nama loan sale.
Spain has awarded a prestigious award to Ignacio Echeverría, the Spanish man who died in the London terror attack on Saturday night.
England's Darren Clarke has been forced to withdraw from the Open Championship after a disastrous second round of 75 at Royal Birkdale.
Former Newsround presenter Zoe Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a glass lift and glass gondola ride under the Humber Bridge have been unveiled as part of a £10m plan to create a new visitors' centre.
Have you been keeping up with the latest news in Wales?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win over Torquay at the New Lawn.
Labour is to consider allowing grandparents to claim unpaid parental leave in the same way as parents, if it wins power.
Australia's Sarah Tait, who won a silver medal at London 2012, has died aged 35.
A group of Shakespeare fans have criticised the decision to stage Richard III at Leicester Cathedral, where the king's remains are buried.
The new head of the Public Complaints Commission for Wales has been appointed.
A Belfast-based rocket company that was set up with the support of Northern Ireland ministers has gone into liquidation.
New Zealand thrashed France to reach the World Cup quarter-finals for the third time in four years and set up a quarter-final against South Africa.
A new satellite has begun taking pictures of the Peruvian Andes, providing the country's first detailed views of the country from space.
Turkey's prime minister has said his country's military action against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq could have a "consequences" for the region, as Kurdish forces urged him to stop.
The company that runs the Olympic Stadium has been ordered to reveal the commercial terms of its deal with West Ham United to rent the stadium.
Jockey Michelle Payne, who became the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup, has been suspended after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players despite their Europa League exit.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that the country's mangrove forests are worth more than US $2.9bn (£1.8bn) to the economy, and that the government is committed to protecting them.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admitted his side were "out of legs" after losing the Scottish Cup final to Celtic.
The government has announced the new recommended rate of the London living wage, which will rise from £9.15 to £940 an hour from 1 July.
Pamela Geller is a conservative American blogger who has become a well-known figure in the US after becoming a prominent figure in a controversial debate over the depiction of the Prophet Muhammad.
Former McLaren boss Ron Ryan is to take over as team boss of Manor, with former Formula 1 driver Jost Wurz set to become team principal.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a new United Nations study.
South Korea's Byeong An carded a final-round 66 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol for the first time with a record-equalling five-under-par 65.
Aberdeen's hopes of qualifying for the Europa League second qualifying round were ended by Fola Esch in the first leg of their tie at Pittodrie.
Conor McGregor has said he will fight at UFC 200 after being withdrawn from the card last week.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness, as he lost two minutes to leader Vincenzi Nibali.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Cheltenham shopkeeper is to be restored after it disappeared from the town's former Whitbread warehouse.
Boris Johnson has been accused of being a poodle and a piper in the space of four days.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the George W Bush administration as the next director of the FBI.
A group of Victorian beach huts in Lincolnshire are to be restored with the help of £500,000 of government funding.
The Russian military says it has found that the data from the black box of a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month will not be retrieved by normal means.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday's final practice session at the Isle of Man TT as the 2017 event got under way.
Australia's attorney general has denied that he tried to bribe the president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) to resign over a report on children in detention centres.
A Swansea hospital is to set up a registry to help doctors better understand a rare condition that can lead to the deaths of twin babies.
Olympic champion Dani King says she could compete for Wales in the women's team pursuit at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
"Qandeel Baloch is an inspiration to all women," said a video posted on Facebook by the Pakistani social media star QandeelBaloch, who was murdered on Tuesday.
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of Nazi death camp guards and commanders, including commanders, who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
British judoka and mixed martial arts (MMA) champion Chris Mears has been training for more than a decade and has won a gold medal in the World Series of Boxing.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri called on his players to "fight until the end" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died after a car crashed into a tree in Manchester.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing Swindon woman who went missing after leaving a nightclub in the early hours of the morning.
The health minister has announced an extra £1.5m to help improve autism diagnosis and treatment services in Northern Ireland.
A World War Two torpedo found in Portsmouth Harbour has been detonated, causing disruption to ferry and train services.
Talks aimed at forming a new Welsh Government will resume on Monday, with Labour and Plaid Cymru confident they can reach an agreement and a deal by the end of the week.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has said he fears the world is entering a new Cold War, at a Munich Security Conference, after Nato's chief warned of a Russian threat to the alliance.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after scientists discovered it off the coast of Panama.
Scientists have created a glue that can stick to living tissue and could be used to heal wounds and even stick medical devices to organs, using the sticky mucus of a slug.
A health company has been told to improve after a leaked report found it was "not clinically assured" of the safety of its out-of-hours NHS 111 services.
Two British students who were among those rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Indonesia swam for eight hours before being found by fishermen, their mother has said.
A property advert for the former North Wales Hospital has been put up for sale.
"We are not going to win this race," says McLaren-Honda team boss Ron Dennis, "and we are not even going to finish the race."
A "substantial" amount of money has been stolen from the purses of cadets at an Aberdeen military base.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration as US president.
A boat that crashed in London, injuring nine people, was "unintended" to turn and was likely to have turned accidentally, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Down have appealed for witnesses to a bonfire in which a disturbance took place on Monday night.
A Pembrokeshire man has admitted sexually assaulting a woman in court before he stabbed himself in the neck in a bid to kill himself.
Director Terrence Malick and screenwriter Gerald Ford have been named as the official directors in the competition for the Golden Lion at the Venice International Film Festival.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of "fraud" after he was defeated in Sunday's election.
A woman who died in a car crash was "having the happiest time of her life" and had been applying for jobs in London, her family have said.
Scotland suffered a second successive defeat as South Africa produced a ruthless display to win a World Cup game they had to fight to win.
Spain's banks will need a total of 59bn euros (£53.3bn; $66bn) in additional state aid to plug a "hole" in their capital, the country's banks have said.
"I'm British, I'm British and I'm Hungarian," said Johanna Konta, when asked if she was a dual citizen.
Hollywood star Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK, including one in London, which were due to be her first appearance in the country since her recovery from substance abuse.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal Bernard "Goldfinger" Palmer, who was shot dead in his Essex home.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found with serious head injuries in a flat in north London.
The reaction to the Finsbury Park attack has been extraordinary.
A boy who was with his brother Philip Steele when the Hillsborough disaster happened has told the inquests there was "no chance" of saving him.
The BBC has learned that the BBC is to broadcast a special edition of The Apprentice on BBC One on Saturday, with a special guest appearance by former X Factor judge and former X-Factor judge, Sir Terry Wogan.
Former Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he is "not too proud" to play in non-league football after being told he will have to wait four months to return to the English Football League.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to join Paris St-Germain for a fee of £40m, subject to a medical, with the club confirming the move is "subject to personal terms".
The founder of Kids Company has said the government gave the charity money to "do the job it couldn't do" despite warnings it was not doing the charity a favour.
The family of a Bristol man who died in Monaco have said they have been "kept in the dark" about the circumstances surrounding his death.
Nico Rosberg says he will use the Spanish Grand Prix as a chance to turn things around after his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton took a third successive victory in China.
A man has been charged with kidnapping and child abuse after his son was found in Ohio, 13 years after he went missing from his home in Alabama.
The public will not see any reduction in the size of Wales' forests under plans to be set out by the environment minister on Tuesday.
Ofcom has warned of a "concern" over the decline in public service broadcasting (PSB) programmes on ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5.
Scottish Attorney General Michael Matheson has said he does not want to "run commentary" on the investigation into the death of Fusilier John Bayoh.
The route of the Olympic flame's journey across the East of England has been announced.
The CIA has said that Wikileaks is "not a bastion of truth and integrity" after the organisation said it would publish further details of its cyber-weapons programme.
The first time you arrive in Ulsan, the biggest city in South Korea, you feel like you have arrived in a foreign country.
A woman died after being found dead in a house fire in Gwynedd where a gas flue was not working, an inquest has heard.
The 2015 British Cycling National Road Championships are under way in London, and the sport is looking for new riders to join the team.
How do scientists develop new medicines and develop treatments for serious diseases?
The Army is to lose another 5,000 soldiers as part of a £38bn defence budget cut, the BBC has learned.
A project which has been taking place in Cardiff for the past year has been hailed as a success.
Eder Varela scored in stoppage time to give the USA a point against Portugal and leave the European side in danger of missing out on a place in the World Cup last 16.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying and intimidation made by a former member of its coaching staff.
Scientists have developed stem cells that can deliver cancer-killing toxins to the site of a brain tumour, in a pioneering study.
A man has been found guilty of causing serious injury by careless driving after he knocked down and seriously injured two children in Leeds.
A British man has become the first person to break the world record for the most times he has bounced on a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been approved by the council to ease traffic problems caused by football fans heading to the city's city centre for the FA Cup final.
A police force has said it is "exhausted" after failing to find a missing car for two decades.
England Under-20 World Cup winner Jess Mead is hoping to follow in the footsteps of her female footballing heroes by leading her country to the top flight.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman, saying the killing sends a "message that attacking trans women is actually ok".
Worcester Warriors centre Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A second cat has died and two others have been put to sleep in a series of incidents in Carmarthenshire in the past week, the RSPCA has said.
Ben Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo in the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations after being named in the squad for the tournament in the country.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 for the whole of the general election to encourage young people to vote.
A film about the unlikely friendship between gay miners and the National Union of Miners (NUM) has opened in London's West End this week, and is now opening in the UK.
At least 26 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in Iraq, officials say, in a town near the capital, Baghdad.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a new tourist zone on the Red Sea coast, with hotels, restaurants, a new airport and nature reserves, in a bid to boost the country's tourism industry.
A fire has destroyed a Citroën car dealership and damaged several cars.
Fleetwood Town's League One play-off hopes were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by League One strugglers Doncaster Rovers.
A United Nations body has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to promote integrated education in schools and to ensure that religious education is not segregated.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 19-year-old man who was killed in a car crash.
A rare album sleeve designed by Sir Peter Blake for The Beatles has been named the most valuable album sleeve of all time in a list of the most expensive rare records.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in a thrilling fourth-round match at Wimbledon to reach his first Grand Slam quarter-final in more than two years.
A small earthquake has struck in central Italy, in the same region where a deadly earthquake killed more than 300 people in 2009.
The Northern Ireland Hotels Federation has said it is "very important" that the tourism industry has a strategy for the future to help it grow.
A mother and her stepfather have been charged with the manslaughter of a three-year-old boy who died after being found unconscious in a water park.
It’s rare that the company behind the Disney films, Pixar and Marvel franchises, give us any real insight into how they’re going to use technology to bring their much-loved brand of storytelling to new forms.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have become the latest players to sign new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has joined Spanish side Sevilla on a season-long loan deal.
A collection of paintings by Adolf Hitler has sold for more than £1.5m (1.8m euros; $2.2m) at an auction in Germany, according to local media.
A group of football supporters who called for a public inquiry into the £400m deal to turn London Stadium into a multi-purpose arena have had their call for a probe rejected.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she cannot move the budget bill required to give Stormont officials the legal authority to carry on spending money after the end of July.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his side are showing signs of improvement ahead of the World Cup but admits more work is needed to develop confidence ahead of next month's finals.
A man has captured a "stunning" picture of a dolphin feeding frenzy in Aberdeen Harbour, which he thought was of a salmon being taken by a dolphin.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to "wipe out" 82% of the workforce in the next five years if he is re-elected, in his first speech since taking office.
A fire at a historic hall in Manchester has been declared accidental, police have said.
A wind turbine has collapsed on a wind farm in County Tyrone, killing a man and injuring two others.
A cyber-attack that left more than 100,000 people in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, without electricity last month was linked to a similar attack in 2015, a security company has said.
Olympic and World Championships gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The Rupert Murdoch-owned Fox News Channel has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine as its new executives, following the departure of Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012, in a case that has sparked a diplomatic row between Rome and Delhi.
Muhammad Ali's death has been marked by a huge social media reaction on social media with many people sharing memes and tributes to the legendary boxer.
Scotland Yard's "ghost squad" - the unit which investigates corruption in the force - has been criticised for being too secretive and for failing to reveal details of cases it has investigated, but the BBC has learned that the unit is now investigating corruption at a much higher level.
Gatwick should be the preferred option for a second runway at Heathrow Airport, the mayor of London has said in a letter to the prime minister.
Former States Minister David Parkinson has been re-elected to the Guernsey States after winning the St Peter Port North by-election.
Canada has lifted a ban on imports of beef from the EU, which was imposed after the BSE cattle disease outbreak in the 1990s, in a move that will help boost the European farming sector.
Brecon Barracks in Powys is to close in 2021, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been criticised for his decision to ban Twitter, saying it is a "clear violation of the constitution".
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a minor leg injury.
A scheme to help women from black and ethnic minority groups into work in Scotland has been funded by the Scottish government.
The authorities in the northern Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for more than 100 inmates who escaped from a jail in Manaus on Saturday, a day after a deadly riot there.
Shane Williams has completed his career with Ospreys by signing for a Japanese club, a year after playing his final game for the region.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 share index closed down 0.65% on Friday, with mining shares among the biggest fallers, after commodity prices fell.
A UK ticket holder has won a £20.5m Euromillions jackpot of £1.5bn, the second largest in the UK this year, after matching all six winning numbers on Friday.
China has arrested a fifth suspect in connection with Thursday's deadly attack in the western city of Urumqi, in which at least 39 people were killed, state media report.
The death of a three-year-old boy who went missing in Aberdeenshire on Saturday leads the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake and George Lucas are among the stars who will star in a new BBC One adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Dream, written by Russell T Davies.
A BBC journalist has been asked to "rush in" to the studio of a radio programme to play the chimes of Big Ben when the clock strikes midnight.
A body found in a wooded area has been identified as a man believed to have been there for months or years, police have said.
A prison watchdog has criticised staff for the way they responded to the death of an inmate who was found unconscious in his cell.
Human remains have been found during an excavation at a former railway line site in Peterborough.
Canada's government has dropped its appeal against a ruling that a woman who wore a full-face veil when she took an oath to become a Canadian citizen could not be granted citizenship.
A Japanese island is being overrun by cats after a surge in visitors from the mainland brought a huge number of the animals to the island.
British actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in a small ceremony in France.
Labour would increase the amount of money paid to unpaid carers in the UK by £10 a week if it wins the general election, the party's leader is to say.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been released from hospital after being arrested on suspicion of hit-and-run in Los Angeles.
European newspapers are warning that the UK's vote to leave the EU is a "wake-up call" for the rest of the continent, and warn that the populist forces driving the rise of far-right parties in other countries are threatening the EU's survival.
Edinburgh moved up to sixth in the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
A French woman who killed her two children and buried them in a garden has been found guilty of murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were ended as they were thrashed by Clermont Auvergne in France.
The Scottish government will update MSPs on the next steps in the Named Person scheme on Wednesday, following a Supreme Court ruling on the Scottish Children's Act.
The family of a missing French student have made a fresh appeal for information after a man who was last seen with him was seen running away from a college.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app has said he is "taking security seriously" after reports that the app has been hacked.
There are pubs where they play music and then there are pubs that play music.
A scheme to encourage people to donate to businesses in Snowdonia by asking them to ask visitors to contribute to their bills has been hailed as a success.
The former national security adviser to former President Barack Obama has denied she sought to reveal the identities of Trump administration officials caught up in US intelligence reports.
Former MP and former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard hit centuries as West Indies thrashed Australia in a thrilling World Twenty20 semi-final to set up a final against Sri Lanka.
Ivory Coast are confident Wilfried Zaha will be allowed to play for the national team, despite England boss Gareth Southgate saying he would like to speak to the winger before making a decision.
Jeremy Corbyn has defended Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn after he was jeered during a debate in Edinburgh in which he was challenged by Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale.
Two goals from Scott McManus helped Morton to a comfortable win over Alloa Athletic to move into the Scottish Championship play-off places.
The end of quotas for milk quotas is a big day for the dairy industry.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London, the party has announced, despite a poor night for the party in the UK general election.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.
A riot at a Maruti Suzuki car factory in northern India has left at least one person dead and dozens injured, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens says the Six Nations relegation debate should not be had now, as he prepares for Saturday's game against Italy.
A man has been threatened with a gun during a robbery at a shop in County Armagh and his car stolen in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony as part of the last day of the Royal Family's tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a three-day lockdown on its citizens to combat the Ebola outbreak, with the capital Freetown and all other towns and cities under a state of emergency.
Germany's Johannes Walz won gold in the men's kayak single sculls at the Rio Olympics with a stunning victory in the final.
SSE has been told it will not be able to proceed with plans to upgrade the main electricity line between Inverness and Aberdeen.
A Labour MP has resigned as a backbench assistant to the shadow chancellor after a post she made on Facebook about Israel's treatment of Palestinians was branded anti-Semitic.
A Polish man has been jailed for 12 years for plotting to bomb the country's parliament in Krakow in 2011, killing at least 11 people.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea is restarting a nuclear reprocessing plant.
A koala has survived after being hit by a car in Australia and trapped in the grill of the vehicle for more than an hour.
Leeds United have signed striker Marcus Antononsson from Swedish club Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Conor Leahy from Falkirk on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola by the World Health Organization (WHO), marking a historic moment for the country.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, has arrested a man on suspicion of revealing information about its operations to Islamist groups, the agency has said.
Hong Kong's first elections since the Umbrella Movement protests have seen a record high turnout and a new breed of young, idealistic candidates hoping to take on the city's establishment.
The Premier League is back and it was another busy weekend for the top four as the top three all won or drew.
French comedian Dieudonne, who has been detained after saying he was "feeling like Charlie Coulibaly" in the wake of the Paris attacks, has been charged with inciting hatred against Muslims.
The Home Office has apologised after it was revealed it had spelled the word "language" wrong in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women to learn English.
A six-year-old girl has died after being hit by an elephant at a zoo in Morocco after being struck by a stone thrown by the animal.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the leg in a fight at a McDonald's in the Shankill area of Belfast.
The government will need to introduce 15 Brexit-related bills before the UK leaves the EU, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling may have "dived" for the ball in the build-up to his goal in Sunday's draw with Tottenham.
Labour's prospects in Wales are "probably at least as bad" as under Michael Foot's leadership, former Welsh Labour leader David Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is good enough to play for England, according to the club's director of rugby Tony Monye.
Police Scotland's new national call-handling system was not well managed and had "key risks" that were not identified or highlighted to senior managers, a report has found.
The funeral of hairdresser Herbert Howe, who has died aged 73, has been described as "a fitting tribute" to a man who was "a true gentleman and a true gentleman of the people".
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, spewing ash and gas into the air in what officials say is the country's strongest eruption in years.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says he is "slowly coming to the end" of his playing career at the League Two club.
A restaurant in the US state of California has been serving puppy food for the first time in the country.
The Scottish government has announced £20m of funding to help boost general practice in Scotland.
A crime novel about a detective who falls in love with a man who is a suspect in a murder investigation has won a prestigious award.
A couple accused of assaulting their baby daughter after she collapsed at hospital have said they were treated like "monsters" by the hospital.
An Australian woman accused of child sex abuse in Israel has been ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment in a bid to be extradited to face charges.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.
Supermarkets are cutting the price of school uniforms in a price war with specialist suppliers, with some selling the basic parts of a standard uniform for less than ??5 each, a market analyst has said.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has just published its first report into the profitability of the big four private sector outsourcing companies.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW Masters after two rounds of the German Open after moving into a share of the lead with two shots at the halfway stage.
The Cassini probe has made its final, close pass by Saturn, passing by the giant planet's largest moon, Titan, in a daring manoeuvre that will end its 12-year mission to the planet.
Hillary Clinton has avoided a major policy speech on foreign policy, as she continues to try to win over moderate Republicans who may be turned off by Donald Trump's rhetoric.
Shares in Mattel, the maker of the Barbie dolls, have risen after reports that the company is in talks to buy rival Hasbro in a deal worth $6.5bn (Â£4.3bn).
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire, with farmers and wildlife groups hoping to stop the disease spreading to other parts of the country.
The BBC's Farai Sevenzo reports from the Indian Ocean island of Zanzibar, where octopuses are a delicacy for local communities and a key source of income.
Rurik Jutting was a successful banker who was on his way to a successful career when he killed two women in Hong Kong.
A decision on whether to allow fracking to take place in North Yorkshire is expected to be made at a meeting of North Yorkshire County Council's planning committee on Friday.
Venezuela's army says it has arrested two men suspected of masterminding an attack on a military barracks last month in which armed men threatened to kill a soldier and wounded another.
A new body to promote Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is to be set up.
Featherstone came from behind to beat Halifax and reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2009.
The inquest into the deaths of six Protestant men killed in a sectarian attack 40 years ago has been delayed because there is no coroner to oversee it.
Children in Birmingham are getting the right help and protection, according to a report by the Care Quality Commission.
Five Labour MPs and four cross-bench peers have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the government's target for reducing net migration.
Lord Coe will remain as president of the IAAF despite a damning report into corruption at the organisation, says its former vice-president.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues who was held in police custody for more than 24 hours because of a lack of beds has been moved to a hospital.
Thai police have cancelled the launch of a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report on human rights in Vietnam after a protest by the group, saying it could have endangered national security.
The remains of a 17th Century mansion in the village of Stromness in County Down have been uncovered after it was destroyed by fire in a fire in the summer of 2015.
Scientists have released new data on an asteroid called 2004 BL86 that passed by the Earth on Friday.
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to two counts of criminal mischief.
Jockey George Best is expected to be discharged from hospital on Friday after suffering a bleed on the brain in a fall in the Swiss Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
As the new MPs arrive at Westminster for their first day of work, BBC Wales' political correspondent Stephen Kinnock meets some of the new faces in the House of Commons.
The Art of the Deal, Where's Waldo and mermaid puzzles are just some of the gifts given to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un by the former basketball star Dennis Rodman.
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry while working on a dual carriageway in Northamptonshire has died in hospital.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a crane that partially collapsed in New York City's World Trade Center, after a cable on the cradle broke and fell on to the roof of the building.
A Texas police officer who fatally shot a teenager in the back of the head has been fired after a review of video showed the teenager was not driving away from the officer when he was shot.
Singer Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham Town in League Two, despite being denied a second-half hat-trick by the visitors.
The former RTÉ broadcaster and broadcaster Máirtín Ó Murchú has died in Dublin.
The agriculture minister has said she is hoping to secure access to Chinese markets for Northern Ireland pork.
A missing motor from a rare German codebreaking machine used by the Nazis during World War Two has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the club if he is fit and able to play.
Turkish police have arrested the editor-in-chief of the opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and eight other staff, as part of a continuing crackdown on dissent after last month's failed coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six-under-par 65 to move within three shots of leader Ratchapharnrat Aphibarnrat after the third round of the BMW Masters in Shanghai.
Three women have been tied up and threatened during a robbery at their home in west Belfast.
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck the New Zealand city of Christchurch, the country's prime minister says.
Scientists have found a new way to make silicon that could help them build the next generation of quantum computers.
Stoke City midfielder James Stephens says it is "not time to panic" as the Saints prepare for their Boxing Day trip to West Bromwich Albion.
A cat who has been stealing items from neighbours' homes for the last two years has been caught on camera stealing toy food.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford Tigers.
Plans for a major expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Oxfordshire have been approved by the town council.
Cristiano Ronaldo was not in the Portugal squad as they lost 2-0 to Cape Verde in their opening World Cup qualifier in the Cape Verdes.
The government's terror laws bill is due to go before the House of Commons for its third reading later today.
The US-Mexico border is a 1,989 mile (2,000km) stretch of concrete and steel, with a series of razor wire fences and razor wire, a seriesOf razor wire and razorwire, a few hundred feet above the ground, and a series, if not a hundred
Leinster came from behind to beat Glasgow Warriors and end a run of three straight Pro12 defeats.
Nepal and other countries bordering Tibet have expressed concern about the rising water levels in the Tibetan plateau, which they fear could cause future floods and landslides.
Internet service providers need to be more transparent about the costs they charge when they offer broadband packages, a charity has said.
Birmingham City beat Chelsea Ladies to reach the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time since 2009 and end the Blues' hopes of a domestic treble.
Scientists at the University of Oxford have shown that a new approach to treating infections in pigs could be a viable alternative to antibiotics.
Andy Murray reached the ATP World Tour Finals semi-finals for the first time since 2012 with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka in London.
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will attempt to win their first Grand Slam titles when they meet in the French Open final on Sunday.
Plymouth Argyle striker Lee Goodwillie says he has given up on a return to the England squad after five years away from the national team.
A girl from America has just made history.
American Katie Ledecky won her second Olympic gold medal of the Rio Games as she helped America win the women's 4x400m freestyle relay.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three who went missing in Devon last month.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has visited Scotland as he continues his campaign to become the party's next leader.
Sudan have been banned from playing in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Guinea after five of their players were found guilty of breaching eligibility rules.
John Akinde's first-half strike was enough to give Barnet victory at Mansfield and move them into the League Two play-off places.
The creator of the US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield, Oregon, is not the real location of the show's fictional town.
The boss of Belfast International Airport has written to Enda Kenny to tell him that the island of Ireland needs to be the gateway to Northern Ireland from the Republic of Ireland.
A rapist who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life and given a life-long restriction order.
Spain's three new left-wing mayors are promising to shake up the way politics is done, with a new emphasis on listening to the people and working with them.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found unconscious in a street in Leeds with serious injuries.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.8% in the three months to December, the government has said, beating forecasts.
West Midlands Police has apologised after 19 officers and staff were found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the handling of a domestic abuse case in which a woman was killed.
A shortage of experienced prison officers and a lack of confidence in the management of a prison has been blamed for a "major incident" last year, a report has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a campaign group for the release of schoolgirls kidnapped by Islamist militants of "psychological terrorism" after its organisers pulled out of a meeting with him.
A man accused of murdering his landlord by hitting him with a hammer in the head with a broken bottle has told a court he was "angry" about his ex-girlfriend and his landlord's request for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he will not pick striker Andy Carroll for Euro 2016 despite the Premier League's top scorer being in the running for a place in the squad.
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool will reopen after a community effort to save it from closure.
The US has said it is "gravely concerned" for the safety of Christians and Yazidis in Iraq after the jihadist group seized the town of Qaraqosh in the northern province of Nineveh.
The partner of a man feared trapped under the rubble of the collapsed Didcot Power Station has said there is still a chance he could be alive.
A former whaling mission is set to reopen as a theatre and arts venue in a Dorset town.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice actor for the new series of BBC One's hit children's show Bob and the Big House.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, with the number of patients being nursed at home instead of in hospital, a nursing union has claimed.
Hundreds of people have gathered at the scene of a motorway shooting in which a man was killed by police.
Solihull Moors have signed midfielder Jordan Edwards from National League rivals Barwell on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of victims of Sunday's bomb attacks on two churches in the Pakistani city of Lahore, as the country's Christian community continues to mourn the deaths of its members.
Nottinghamshire's bowlers struggled to a disappointing batting display as Yorkshire took five wickets for just 19 runs on day one of their Championship final against Durham at Trent Bridge.
The Earth's underground water reserves are estimated to be about 2.5 trillion cubic kilometres ( cubic miles) deep, according to a new study.
The culture secretary's spokesman has denied making threats against a newspaper over its coverage of a row over expenses claims made against a Labour MP.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from behind to beat West Brom and move up to fifth in the Premier League.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county are "very proud" of their record number of full houses for international cricket matches following a busy week for the county.
Former world champion Barry Fordham says he wants to return to the Lakeside Arena for the first time in more than a decade after failing to qualify for the second round of the Grand Slam of Darts in Wolverhampton.
India's central bank has kept interest rates unchanged, despite the recent ban on high-value bank notes, in its first policy meeting since the government's surprise move to curb black money.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico on Saturday, 3 June.
Islamic State (IS) militants say they have carried out an attack on an Egyptian coastguard vessel in the Sinai peninsula, killing at least one person.
The billionaire retail tycoon Sir Philip Green has been appointed to carry out a review of the way the government spends public money.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Under-21 World Cup for the first time in 24 years with a 1-0 win over Mexico in South Korea.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott for the second half of the T20 Blast season, according to head coach Chris Mason.
Belfast boxer Joe McComb has beaten Russia's Alexander Kuznetsov for the second time in as many months at the European Championships in Ukraine.
For many people, a community pharmacy is just a place where they buy their medicine, or where they pick up their prescriptions.
A children's slide has collapsed at a carnival in Dorset, injuring at least nine people.
A woman with " histrionic personality disorder" who tried to kill herself by drinking champagne with a glass of champagne has won a legal battle to be allowed to have kidney dialysis treatment.
A woman has been appointed as the first hedgehog officer in the UK after a job advert for a similar post was mistakenly touted as a £2.4m post in the Taiwanese press.
A military vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan killing four British soldiers after a collision with a police car, an inquest has heard.
Protests have broken out in several towns in Ethiopia after more than 200 people were killed in a stampede at a religious festival in the Oromia region, officials say.
Cornwall won the County Championship for the first time since 2009 as they beat Lancashire to win the Bill Beaumont Cup for the second time in three years.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in front of members of the public has been jailed for 12 years.
South Africa has cancelled its plan to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) after a court ruled it had not been given the necessary parliamentary approval.
A woman died after she was hit by a pothole in Newport which had been filled in a year earlier, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren after just three months in charge of the club.
HSBC has said it could move up to 1,000 staff out of London if the UK leaves the European single market, the BBC understands.
Following the High Court ruling that abortion law in Northern Ireland is unconstitutional, the BBC News NI team has been asking your views on the judgement.
A man has been injured after being bitten by an elephant that escaped from a circus in the German city of Heidelberg, police say.
Russia has designated one of the country's main opinion pollsters as a foreign agent, the justice ministry has said.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think a referendum on the future of the National Assembly could be won if it were held today.
On Friday morning, the crowds of people who had gathered in Barcelona to remember the 13 people killed and 120 injured in Thursday's attack were still pouring into the city centre.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 longlist has been announced, with a new generation of emerging artists set to compete for the prize for the best new music in the UK.
A man has been arrested after a number of rare animal parts were seized in a series of raids.
German police have arrested a man they believe was close to the Berlin lorry attacker Anis Amri, who carried out the attack last month.
A priest who told children that Father Christmas was not real has apologised after she was criticised for telling them he was not "real".
A man has died in a house fire in the Kilmacormick area of west Belfast.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has been honoured for her work in In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival.
Two police officers who used their jobs to gain access to a police computer system to settle a "personal grievance" have been jailed.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club for missing his team's home game after a birthday party.
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties to win the Scottish Cup for the first time in their history and end the Old Firm rivalry in a thrilling final.
The M74 extension to the south of Glasgow has not reduced the number of road accidents, according to a new study.
Pro-Russian activists in eastern Ukraine have attacked two government buildings in the rebel-held region of Luhansk, in the latest in a series of attacks on police.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to play the role of King Stuart in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Belgium's king has been criticised for making a direct reference to the 1930s political crisis in his Christmas message, in which he compared the country's political crisis with the Nazi occupation of the 1930-39 period.
England's Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the squads for the North v South one-day international series in Dubai in March, despite the absence of Steven Finn and Steven Wood.
Derry is set to bid to host the Fleadh de Mayo again in 2018.
A new woodland in Londonderry is to be created to commemorate the centenary of the end of World War One.
A Nottingham tram stop sign has been branded "an absolute joke" after it was found to spell the city's university name as "University of Nottingham".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been suspended by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for his protest at the Rio Games after he ran a 5km (3.2 miles) protest in the men's marathon.
The Department of Regional Development (DRD) has said it is working to install new safety measures at the spot where Enda Dolan was killed in a crash last year.
At least 20 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the southern Chinese city of Kunming, state media say, in what officials say was a suspected suicide bombing.
French energy company EDF has announced a second price rise in four months, with the company's electricity and gas prices set to rise by more than 9%.
It is a campaign that will be sent out to every household in the UK, but why is the government spending millions of pounds on leaflets?
Mae'r Cymru Fyw yn dweud ei gael ei ddal y broses yn yn ôl i'r gael yn yr ethan oedd yn Ceredigion.
A custody sergeant accused of manslaughter over the death of a man who was restrained by officers "did not pretend everything was perfect" when he used force on him, a court has heard.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing lower as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers.
Police are searching for the owners of eight puppies and two dogs stolen from a house in West Lothian.
Bonfires have been lit across Northern Ireland, with the number of incidents reaching more than 100 on Tuesday night.
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alba on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies are charging "extortionate fees" to private tenants for services they do not provide, a Labour AM has said.
"We have no plans to change the way we investigate historical child sexual abuse allegations," said the Metropolitan Police.
A bid to become the UK's first spaceport is being launched in Kintyre in Argyll and Bute.
George Galloway is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won North East Fife back from the SNP.
The way we buy things has changed dramatically over the past 50 years, according to a new study by the Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising.
A Borders knitwear firm has reported a rise in sales of its own brand of clothing, following a "surge" in demand for its new range.
A replica of one of the world's most important cave art sites has been recreated in France, allowing scientists to display the original drawings for the first time.
England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina because of a hamstring injury.
A former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl he met through a Whats App messaging app.
Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora on points to win the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles in a thrilling fight at Wembley Arena.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says stand-off Albert Kelly's future at the club is "up in the air" after he was suspended for a second time this season for failing to return from a family funeral.
The Conservative Party has said it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of bullying allegations surrounding a man who died after being stabbed to death in a party car park.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is planning to raise up to $25bn (£15bn) in an initial public offering (IPO) in the US, the biggest for an internet company since Facebook.
The NHS in England will not publish financial figures for the last financial year because of the general election campaign, it has been confirmed.
Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 100m at the Olympic Games as he won his heat to reach the semi -finals of his home event.
Brentford defender Tom Elliott has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
The row over Madonna's new single hasn't been about her age.
Canada Post is to phase out direct mail delivery to homes and businesses as it tries to cut costs and return to financial sustainability.
US President Barack Obama has urged Kenya to do more to tackle corruption, as he began a two-day visit to the country where his father was born.
The wolves are back in the French Alps.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to Sky 1, with three episodes to be filmed in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum and the migrant crisis as part of a series of meetings with European leaders.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the pace of change at the bank.
The FBI has identified eight celebrities whose iCloud accounts were hacked and sent to a man in New York, according to court papers.
A man who killed a teenager and injured two others when he crashed his car into a telegraph pole and a wall has been jailed.
The Syrian refugee crisis is threatening to turn millions of children into extremists, the head of Jordan's education department has warned at a conference on education.
Indian drinks tycoon Vijay Mallya has failed to sell a building that was to be his headquarters, amid speculation that he is absconding.
A study to see if electronic cigarettes are better for the heart than tobacco cigarettes is being carried out by Dundee University.
A school in Weston-super-Mare which was placed in special measures by Ofsted has been closed after a campaign by parents.
Stars including James Corden, James Cordell and James Cordel have joined forces with the BBC to raise awareness of mental health issues.
A woman has died after a fire broke out at a house in the village of Ballymena in County Antrim.
A former primary school teacher who raped and sexually abused seven girls over a 30-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast, bringing the number of dead animals stranded on the coast to three.
A man who killed his partner by repeatedly stamping on her head has had his jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal.
Virat Kohli became the first man to score a century in two World Cup matches as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the opening match of the tournament in Australia.
Jonathan Demme, the director of the Oscar-winning film The Silence of the Lambs, has died at the age of 69.
The British Olympic Association has confirmed it will not overturn the nomination of Lutalo Muhammad to compete in the men's -57kg taekwondo at the London 2012 Games, despite the controversy surrounding Aaron Cook.
The Metropolitan Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man who was found dead in south-east London five years ago after a reinvestigation into his death found no evidence of a third party involvement.
A man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years at the High Court in Belfast.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued after falling down a 15ft (4.5m) well in a West Yorkshire cave.
NHS Highland has approved plans to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within two points of Super League leaders Castleford Tigers with a hard-fought victory over St Helens in a game that marked the final Headingley game at Headingly.
Kenya's president has said the High Court's decision to halt the printing of ballot papers for the forthcoming election is an attempt to "intimidate" the opposition.
Storms have hit the US city of Houston, Texas, in America.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend felt " ignored" by her killer after he was seen walking away from her home, a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history as they thrashed Wakefield Trinity to claim the trophy at the Jungle.
Russell Brand has said he's considering legal action against The Sun after it attacked him in the newspaper.
Paul Murray, a 15-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent, was a Liverpool fan and a member of the church choir, who was travelling with his father, Tony, to the match with his friend, who also died.
The number of people killed in the shooting and bomb attacks in Norway's capital Oslo and an island camp on Friday has risen to 77, police say, with the number of victims still at least 15.
A jury in the Republic of Ireland has begun deliberations in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman who disappeared in the Dublin mountains in 2012.
North Ferriby's poor run of form continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Bromley in the National League.
Sussex have re-appointed former captain Murray Goodwin as batting coach.
Strong winds have caused the Isle of Man ferry service to be cancelled and flights cancelled as the island is hit by high winds.
Indonesia's economy grew by just 3.5% in the last three months of 2016, its slowest annual growth since 2009, according to official figures.
Teenagers are better at remembering and storing memories than adults, according to research from three US universities.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana's Glacier National Park, officials say.
The Night Tube service will start on 1 July, with police warning that anti-social behaviour will rise on the all-night service, causing "high crime levels" and a "rowdy environment".
A former NHS nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's World Cup Super Sixes after finishing top of their group at the ICC Women's Super Sixs in Sri Lanka.
A public inquiry into plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle have been called off after objections from a group of residents.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman should "toughen up" his players after criticism from the Republic of Ireland, says Republic of Irish captain Michael Keane.
A jury in the trial of two men accused of murdering a woman who was allegedly murdered by her lover has retired to consider its verdict.
German airline Lufthansa is to charge travellers who buy tickets via online travel agencies a fee to access its own website.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" after Carrick Rangers were spared a possible relegation from the Irish Football Association (IFA) after failing in their appeal against a decision not to impose a punishment.
Scientists at Glasgow University have discovered a clue to how long we will live - and it is not long.
Mexico has increased the prison sentences for kidnapping, as part of a crackdown on the growing number of kidnappings.
A doctor cleared of manslaughter after a mother died during childbirth was called for drugs five minutes after a nerve stimulator failed to work, an inquest has heard.
A court in Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for homosexual offences in the northern city of Bauchi, officials say, after they were convicted of the offence last month.
Russian athletics minister Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for all Russian athletes to retire from international competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent public prosecutor in the capital Kampala, police say.
The governor of Indiana has defended a controversial new law that critics say could allow businesses to discriminate against gay people, saying it is not anti-gay.
Shakin' Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners in a poll.
Sepp Blatter's former chief of staff has said it is "possible" that Russia and Qatar could be stripped of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups if evidence emerges that countries were bribed to secure votes for the tournaments.
A convicted murderer who fled to Britain after being convicted of two murders has been told he will be extradited to his native Albania.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision on whether players will wear poppies on Armistice Day.
A collection of diving helmets worth £50,000 has been sold at auction.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries after a man's body was found in the water.
League One side Bristol City have signed Preston North End midfielder Josh Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
NHS England has warned that GP surgeries in England could be "allowed to fail" under pressure, the BBC has learned.
As Liverpool fans celebrate the club's first European Cup win in 50 years, they might be forgiven for forgetting that the man who scored the first goal was not one of the club legend's greatest ever - but rather the Welshman who played for them.
Slavery and human trafficking are serious and organised crime with those involved likely to be involved in other serious crimes like drug production, kidnapping and the criminal use of firearms.
The tunnels of the former World War Two World War II barracks at the bottom of the London Underground have been opened up to the public for the first time.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until he wins a trophy and will not do so until he does so.
The Football Association has said it has found no evidence of bullying or harassment by England manager Mark Sampson after Eniola Aluko accused him of "bullying and harassment" in a complaint she made against him.
Prison suicides in England and Wales rose to 88 last year, the highest figure in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan will name his first senior squad for the 2017 World Cup qualifiers against Slovakia and Slovenia on Saturday.
A man and woman have been arrested after a gun was found in a car in Wrexham.
Northampton's Phil Foden says he will have to push himself to the limit to keep up with England team-mate Mike Brown after the lock's fine form for Harlequins.
World number 10 Ding Junhui was knocked out of the UK Championship in the first round by world number 11 Ryan Duffy in a 6-0 thrashing.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool is helping to improve the educational performance of pupils, a study has found.
A primary school head teacher who has been at his school for more than 30 years is to retire.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushallopfield midfielder Jordan Smith on a one-month loan deal.
The remains of a man whose body was found in a forest in Gwynedd have been identified by police.
I remember as a child walking around my township in the Western Isles in the early hours of New Year's Eve.
Hong Kong has proposed a plan to allow passengers to complete immigration and customs procedures for both Hong Kong and China at the same terminal, even though the terminal is on mainland China's territory.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan to help train and advise Nato forces fighting the Taliban, the country's defence minister has said.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Unqualified teachers are being used in England's schools, a union has warned, saying it is "deeply concerned" by changes to the rules.
Royal Mail has launched a consultation on changes to its pension scheme, with Unite and the CWU unions saying they will "move from shadow boxing to the ring" in a dispute over the future of the scheme.
Jersey Warriors centre Alex Stevens says the club are aiming for a top-four finish in the Championship after his first game in charge of the Championship club.
The US Navy's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned warplane has made its first flight.
Shares in Qualcomm have fallen more than 10% after the chipmaker said it would cut costs by $1bn (Â£890m) and cut thousands of jobs.
Two people have been rescued from a burning lounge in a house in Birmingham after a fire in the lounge started accidentally.
China has executed five Uighur men in the western Xinjiang region, state media say, in what the state news agency Xinhua has described as a "terrorist" attack.
A community hall that was threatened with closure has reopened after a campaign by a group of people to save it.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry.
If you were mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) then you may find yourself with a choice of which credit card provider to receive compensation.
The world's first toilet paper-powered phone could soon be in your pocket!
Facebook has released a new set of global population maps, based on billions of satellite images, which it hopes could help it develop drones that could help connect more people to the internet.
Warrington Wolves beat neighbours Widnes Vikings to win the Challenge Cup for the first time since 2012 and end a run of five straight defeats.
The organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycling event in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which shows a cyclist apparently pinching a podium girl's bottom.
Kai Omer, a 15-year-old boy from South Sudan, is one of more than 100,000 people who have fled their homes and sought refuge in the UN refugee camp in South Sudan's capital, Juba.
A police car has been damaged in a brick attack in Londonderry.
Emma Watson has been speaking out about the inequalities faced by women around the world.
The rail regulator has again criticised Network Rail's performance, and again it's got some bad news for passengers.
Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals for the first time since 2010 as substitute Mohamed Abdel-Moneim scored twice in extra-time to beat Morocco in a match that ended 1-0 in Gabon.
Two police officers have been charged with misconduct over claims they gave evidence to MPs about a meeting with Andrew Mitchell.
A man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Caterham, south London, may have been stabbed to death at a flat in the same street, an inquest has heard.
A moustache contest is being held in Dover on Saturday, with the winner being crowned the winner of the annual "silly moustachio" competition.
China has criticised Zambian police for arresting more than 100 Chinese nationals accused of illegal mining in the north of the country.
Two Kilcoo players are to be suspended for racist abuse, the BBC understands.
Australian Nick Kyrgios needs to work harder at his game if he is to become a top player, says John McEnroe, who criticised the Australian's performance in his Wimbledon fourth-round defeat.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto his "friend" and said he wants to improve relations, after meeting him for the first time since he became the party's nominee.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice and delay the onset of age-related diseases, a study in mice suggests.
A man who died after being attacked in a "targeted attack" outside a Denbighshire store has been named by police.
Warrington Wolves have released prop Chris Bailey, prop Jamie Cox and prop Chris Dodds after their contracts expired at the end of the season.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow after police gave up a pursuit when it failed to stop for them in the city centre.
Sunderland midfielder Andrea Giaccherini has joined Italian Serie A side Bologna on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A medieval castle has been uncovered during an archaeological dig at Durham University.
The Sun's former editor Ken MacKenzie has described comments he made about a mixed-race footballer as "racist" and " prehistoric".
Torquay United have been sold to a group of investors from the Hong Kong and Chinese sectors for an undisclosed fee.
Police in England and Wales are failing to provide appropriate adults to people in custody, a report by the Law Society and the Home Office has found.
Stuart Hogg (Scotland) Club: Glasgow Warriors Age: 24 Lions in 2013 Jared Payne (Ireland) Club): Ulster Age: 31 Lions debutant Leigh Halfpenny (Wales) Club?: Toulon Age: 28 Lions in 2014 and 2009.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored late goals as Manchester United beat Leicester to move nine points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph reports.
The UK's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the same rights as those living in other EU countries after Brexit, in a bid to reassure them.
Two of the suspects accused of being part of a Barcelona terror cell have appeared in court in Madrid, saying they were involved in a series of planned attacks before the attack that killed 13 people.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a court he had "absolutely nothing to do" with the killing, blaming it on "a Geordie man".
A man who absconded from a prison has been arrested after being recaptured by police.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at the US Open despite being ruled out of the first two rounds of the tournament with a rib injury.
David Lammy has said he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader, after the party's election defeat in May.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted fraudulently using £11,000 of NHS money to pay her husband to produce a newsletter for a charity he never worked for.
Google is to let advertisers measure the impact of its ads on high street sales by monitoring the amount of time people spend in stores.
A woman has been raped after being taken to a layby in Midlothian and sexually assaulted by a man in a car.
The UK's population grew by 491,100 in 2014, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said, the biggest increase since records began.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions, keeping him at the club until 2020.
Guernsey have been drawn away in the FA Cup second qualifying round for the first time in five years.
The controversial Garden Bridge project should be scrapped because it is "not value for money for the taxpayer", a report has said.
A busy road in London was closed for several hours after a burst water main caused a large quantity of water to flow into a cinema.
"Death, taxes and another RHI story every day", says the front page of the Belfast Telegraph on Thursday's front page, quoting Sir Winston Churchill.
A dentist whose wife took her own life has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A former Texas police officer has been charged with murder after a teenager was shot dead by a colleague in a car, in what the district attorney's office says is the first such case in the US in 40 years.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's remarks about Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, in which he said she was a "woman" who had "zero tolerance for terrorism", have sparked a backlash on social media.
British rower David Pitcher is attempting to become the fastest solo rower to row the Atlantic for a second time.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal took a big step towards qualifying for the 2014 World Cup with victory over Sweden in the first leg of their play-off for a place in Brazil.
Five British men who were detained in India for more than two years have been released on bail after spending more than a year in jail.
The Afghan government has been fighting the Taliban for the past two years in the Sangin district of Helmand province, a key opium-producing region in the north of the province.
It is 70 years since the liberation of Auschwitz, and for many of the British prisoners of war who survived, the memories of the Nazi death camp will never fade.
The Glastonbury Festival is under way, with thousands of people heading to the festival site in Somerset for the first time this weekend.
A fire that destroyed a hotel in Cardiff has been put out after more than 100 firefighters tackled the blaze.
Ghana has been told to stop new oil drilling in a disputed area of the Atlantic Ocean between Ivory Coast and Ghana, after a UN tribunal ruled the two countries did not share the same maritime border.
More than 150 drivers were caught using their mobile phones while driving in a police operation which led to the deaths of four people, police have said.
A judge has told a jury in the rape trial of footballer Ched Evans to consider the case "calmly, objectively and without emotion".
The British and Irish Lions' defeat by the Crusaders was a disappointing result for Stuart Hogg, who was forced to retire with a knee injury in the first Test against the All Blacks.
A conservation group has said it is "disappointing" that the Scottish government has ordered the removal of beavers found in Tayside that were illegally released.
Two men have been seen on the roof of a building in Bridgend Prison.
Sunderland have sacked manager Dick Advocaat after just eight games in charge of the Premier League club.
A company that provides support for young people in Bristol was bullied and had a "heavy bias" towards black and minority ethnic staff, the BBC has learned.
A council is to install 1,000 solar panels on 1,500 homes in Kirklees in a £10m project to help reduce household bills.
Andy Murray says he is "concerned" about the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams and has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association for not doing enough to help them.
Northampton Town midfielder Danny Richards says manager Chris Wilder has been a key factor in the club's League Two title success this season.
Britain's Greg Rutherford will compete in the long jump at the World Championships in London on Saturday after qualifying for the final on Friday.
Theresa May has said the Hillsborough disaster "shocked this country" and the families of the victims have been "fought for justice from authorities that should have been trusted".
A pony found badly injured in a remote part of Lincolnshire was deliberately dumped with "no intention of returning home", the RSPCA has said.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it into Europe will be allowed to come to the UK under a new scheme, David Cameron has announced.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he has shaved off his beard after being asked by the BBC to stop because he believes the corporation is "pogonophobic" about beards.
Dance act Disclosure have topped the UK album chart with their new album Alternative Light Source, which was released on Friday.
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country's parliament to approve sweeping economic reforms that he says will transform the country.
The six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League (WCSL) will be based in England, with the south and south west the most likely locations for the teams.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by almost 20% in the past three years, according to new figures.
At least 100 people are still missing after two boats carrying migrants capsized off the coast of Libya on Thursday, the UN says.
A ceasefire has been holding in Syria for the past 24 hours in the city of Aleppo, in the country's north-east.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused by a coach as a child.
Work has begun on two major projects as part of Dundee Waterfront's £1.2bn redevelopment.
Ulster have appointed former Ireland international Jim Clarke as forwards coach for the 2017-18 season.
Leeds Rhinos and Scotland prop Chris Galloway will miss the start of the 2017 Super League season after suffering a second Achilles injury in two years.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of five assistant captains for Friday's match against Europe in the biennial event.
Lewis Hamilton says he will not be drawn into a "team orders" row with Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg after the pair crashed out of the Austrian Grand Prix.
Ten soldiers who died in World War One have been identified from DNA samples found in France more than a decade after they were killed in battle.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored as Ukraine beat Slovenia to set up a home play-off second leg against the Slovenian side in Kiev on Tuesday.
Ospreys captain Gareth Rees says his side were not too over-zealous in their bid to reach the Champions Cup quarter-finals as they lost 26-17 to Exeter Chiefs.
A major motorway upgrade project has been completed in Edinburgh, bringing to an end the longest stretch of road to be built in Scotland for more than a decade.
The Football League is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year.
Serena Williams has called for equal pay for women in tennis, saying she does not deserve to be paid less than men because of her sex.
Children and young people in England are being left "on the brink of suicide" because of a "grossly lacking" support for mental health issues, a report says.
An Israeli Arab suspected of killing two Israelis in Tel Aviv on Sunday has been shot dead by security forces, Israeli police say.
A man who stabbed a man in the back of the head as he tried to force his way into a flat has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her boyfriend has posted a record $100m (£65m) bail, in what her lawyer says is the highest ever for a murder case in the US state.
The number of nursery workers in England who have to have a GCSE in English is falling, leading to a recruitment crisis, industry leaders say.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise has "strengthened" in recent months.
Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 6.5% after the company reported a loss for the year to the end of December, despite reporting a rise in full-year profits.
I once had a fake girlfriend...
A tennis player who was brought to Wales as an asylum seeker from South Africa as a child has won a Black History Month award.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in the west end of Glasgow.
Joe Root has been named England Test captain, the latest chapter in a story that began with Alastair Cook's resignation and ended with the appointment of his successor, Joe Root.
A meeting has been held in Manchester to condemn a police training exercise which portrayed Muslims as terrorists.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has been given a role in a theatre company in London to help train young actors.
Dundee moved to within a point of the Premiership's top six with a comfortable victory over Ross County.
A minister has been heckled by MPs as he defended the government's work to help older workers, including by offering apprenticeships to women aged 64.
A Ceredigion university's historic college is to be transformed into a centre for culture and business after securing £1.5m in lottery funding.
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel their Championship game against Ballymena United on Friday after their Drumahoe ground was badly damaged by Tuesday's flooding.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher as their new chief executive, as well as three new senior executives.
Germany has begun checking travel documents and imposing border controls on migrants as it tries to cope with the huge influx of refugees into the country.
Scientists are studying the ancient climate of the Indian Ocean to help predict the impact of climate change on the country's monsoon.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike for a second day, with hospitals across the country closed and patients reportedly walking out in protest.
Three US marines have died and two others are missing after an aircraft crashed off the coast of Australia, the US military has said.
A plastic snake made of plastic has been found in a park in Aberdeen after an emergency call to the SSPCA.
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be built in 2018, the defence secretary has confirmed.
Afghan special forces have killed all four attackers who stormed a hospital in the capital Kabul, killing at least 20 people, officials say.
The Duke of Cambridge has led a Royal Welsh in a traditional procession in Conwy to mark the start of the annual Royal goat parade.
Indian nurses who were held hostage by Islamist militants in Iraq have returned home after being freed by the militants.
St Johnstone's Gary Anderson has said he is "not bothered" by the Scottish FA's decision to investigate Rangers defender Kiernan over an alleged assault on him.
Luton Town chairman David Sweet says the club can achieve more in the Football League than any other non-league side in the country.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw with Livingston after being reduced to 10 men at half-time.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a "free vote" on whether the UK should take part in air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been produced from the skull of a skeleton found in a quarry more than 2,000 years ago.
Chipotle Mexican Grill is being linked to an outbreak of E. coli that has made at least 45 people ill in four US states, US health officials say.
The mother of a Chicago girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live has said she is afraid to return to the neighbourhood where she was attacked, after the attack was broadcast on the social media site.
Tsai Ing-wen is a mystery to many, a woman who has never been seen as a politician, who has spent her entire career in politics hidden behind a thicket of secrecy.
British pair Andy Murray and James Ward will be hoping to make history on Saturday when they both reach the last 16 of Wimbledon for the first time.
The government should back the £1bn Swansea Bay tidal lagoon project, an MP has said, as he called for a "positive and speedy decision" on the project.
The number of animal cruelty cases in Wales has fallen, but the number of animals rescued and rehomed has risen, the RSPCA has said.
Formula 1 fans are looking forward to a new season, starting with the opening race in Australia on Sunday, with the first race of the 2015 season taking place in Melbourne.
Armed police have been involved in a security alert on the M6 Toll in Staffordshire after a coach carrying passengers was stopped by officers following a report of a suspicious substance.
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, it has emerged.
Storm Axel has caused major flooding in northern Germany, with the sea levels rising above normal and roads and bridges damaged in the wake of the storm.
The Pantheon mausoleum in Paris has inducted four women into its hall of fame for their role in the French Resistance.
A 90-year-old woman is in hospital after being seriously assaulted in her home by a man who broke into her home and raped her.
American Charley Hoffman carded a stunning round of 65 to take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Plans to pardon gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offences will be brought before the Northern Ireland Assembly later this week.
A teacher has been struck off for "failing to uphold the integrity of the exam process" after she was found guilty of misconduct over the handling of exam papers and using a personal email account to contact a pupil.
A classic car festival has been cancelled for the third year running because of a lack of funding.
Police forces are investigating at least 17 cases of historical child sex abuse in football, with more than 100 reports of abuse in the sport since the start of the year, it has emerged.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League play-offs for a place in the final of the PDC World Championship for the first time after reaching the semi-finals for the third year in a row.
Imagine having to change your clothes on a dirty floor, squashing yourself into a car or squashing your wheelchair into the back of your car just because there is not a suitable place to change nearby.
A Syrian activist group that has been campaigning against so-called Islamic State (IS) has said one of its members has been killed by the group.
Too many young people are being "drifted into further studies or their first job" without a real prospect of progression, the House of Lords Social Mobility Committee has warned.
China has launched a crackdown on online banking scams as part of a drive to stop cyber criminals stealing the personal details of millions of people.
Video replays are being used in US football for the first time in a professional match.
Zambia will face defending champions Portugal in their opening match at the Under-20 World Cup after being drawn in the same group as the hosts South Korea.
If you've been reading or watching a story that makes you feel sad or worried, or if you've heard something that makes your feel upset or worried - here's what you need to know.
Politicians have been reacting to the death of a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack last week.
Venezuela has closed its border with Colombia for a month to combat the smuggling of goods and drugs, in an effort to cut down on the illegal trade.
Poland has one of the world's largest media markets and is one of Europe's most competitive, with more than 100 million people watching television, radio and internet content.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Miami Open as she lost 6-4 6-2 to Karolina Pliskova in the second round.
Work has started on a £30m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil which has been in the pipeline for more than 20 years.
Wales have called up teenage wing James Botham for their final two matches of the Rugby World Cup.
Britain's Chris Froome finished second as Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France as the race leader Chris Froomes retained the leader's yellow jersey.
If you have been sexually abused or sexually assaulted, or have information about someone you know who has been sexually assaulted or abused, you may need to take legal action.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun withdrawing heavy weapons from the line of contact, as part of a deal to end the conflict in the region.
Royal Mail has warned that competition from new parcel delivery services could hit its revenues by as much as £1bn in the next three years.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
The Russian government has awarded the Order of Courage to five women who were wounded in a mortar attack in Syria, including two who were seriously injured in a hospital in Aleppo.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "full-strength" for Saturday's second Test in Dublin, having recovered from their shock defeat by Italy to beat Italy on Saturday.
The director general of the Argentine police, Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over allegations of sexual abuse, Attorney General Luis Carlos Ordonez has announced.
Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and move up to third in La Liga.
Johanna Konta was left in tears after being sent off the court during a Fed Cup match in Romania on Saturday, as her team's tie against the hosts was suspended because of abusive behaviour by former player Ilie Nastase.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is one of six Premier League players to be named in the BBC's shortlist for the 2016 Fifa World XI.
Leyton Orient midfielder Chris Long has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
At least 14 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, police say.
A teenage girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted by England footballer Adam Johnson told police she was "up for it" when he asked for a "thank you kiss and more" after she sent him a message on WhatsApp, a court has heard.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in Sunday's race in the United States.
A three-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been discharged.
Northern Ireland's James Barnes suffered a shock defeat on his professional debut as he was stopped by Bulgarian veteran Dimitar Slavchev in Belfast on Saturday night.
Theresa May has said she is confident US President Donald Trump will be "open and honest" when she meets him for the first time when they meet in Washington later this month.
The UK's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is the total amount of economic activity in the UK, and it is the main indicator of the health of the economy.
An online resource on how to improve the learning and wellbeing of children in Scotland's schools has been launched by the education secretary.
Greece has ruled out taking Britain to court over the return of the Parthenon Marbles, saying it will not go to court to force Britain to return the ancient sculptures.
The government has overspent on social security by £2.5bn since 2010, according to a new analysis.
Albania qualified for Euro 2016 with a comfortable win over Armenia, while Portugal and Serbia both won their final Group I games to secure their places in the finals.
A Scottish Parliament committee has said it will review building safety standards in high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford beat Newcastle to move off the bottom of the Premier League and move to within three points of the top four.
Work has begun on a £1.5m project to regenerate Fishguard town centre in Pembrokeshire.
A prominent Ukrainian opposition activist, Andriy Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his flat in the capital Kiev, the latest in a series of unexplained deaths in the country.
It was a book that was meant to be a farewell gift for Nicolas Sarkozy, but now it is a revenge gift for his former adviser.
Wrexham are in talks with Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey after the midfielder turned down a new deal with the National League club.
The room where the Duke of Wellington slept when he died has been recreated in a new exhibition to mark the 150th anniversary of his death.
People are happier and more relaxed when they watch aquariums with more fish, a study of more than 1,000 people has found.
Easyjet is planning to use drones to help repair and inspect its planes, and is also developing hi-tech glasses that can be used to help engineers work in virtual reality.
The new trailer for the next James Bond film Spectre has been released and it's been met with a mixed reaction from fans.
Hundreds of jobs are set to go at a Walkers crisps factory in East Durham after the firm confirmed it will close the plant.
A former recording studio in Granada has been turned into a music video studio.
Russian authorities are carrying out unannounced inspections of several non-governmental organisations (NGOs), activists say.
A swine flu vaccine given to millions of children in the UK may have caused narcolepsy, experts say.
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of the world's best-performing league table than any other country, according to a major league table of the best universities in Europe, Asia and the Americas.
Two giant Welsh dragon sculptures have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle in a ceremony to mark St David's Day.
A former financial adviser who admitted fraud and embezzlement has been given a community payback order after failing to repay money she received while acting as an agent.
Australia is considering a law requiring all children to be vaccinated against measles, whooping cough and polio, in a bid to curb the spread of disease.
Oscar Pérez is a Venezuelan special forces agent who has been on the run since he attacked the Supreme Court in Caracas on Tuesday, killing two judges and wounding several others.
The SNP has been given two new parliamentary committees to chair in the House of Commons.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of ash trees for the first time in the UK.
It's been a long, long, campaign and now it's time for the final two candidates to take the stage.
A San Francisco street is now owned by two foreigners after the city sold it at auction for unpaid taxes - but some residents are fighting back, claiming the city is trying to make a profit from the deal.
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton United beat Gateshead to move up to third in the National League with a comfortable win at the Recreation Ground.
Two climbers have died on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Institute has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Fiorentina.
When someone has a cigarette they inhale smoke - but this smoke is also breathed in by everyone else around them - and this is called passive smoking.
The forensic unit at the Royal Berkshire Hospital for the mentally ill is to ask patients for their views on the services they receive.
The government should introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in pubs and clubs in England and Wales, a House of Lords committee has said.
A £50m surfing lagoon and visitor centre in Snowdonia has been given £3.5m of funding from the Welsh government.
Cleveland Indians pitcher Corey Kluber threw a shutout as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 in the first game of the World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "hurt and frustrated" after his team-mate Max Verstappen won the Monaco Grand Prix, his second victory in two races.
Brighton & Hove Albion fans have criticised Leicester City for "shocking" homophobic chanting during their Premier League match.
Firefighters have been called to a large bonfire in west Belfast that was set alight prematurely.
Donald Trump is too far off the pace to win the US presidential election.
Johannesen Purve-Jorendal was born in India in 1973 to a poor family and was trafficked to Sweden by her father, who killed himself after a row with his wife.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix as the new-look Red Bull team-mates dominated the session.
A serial killer who murdered 20 women in the 1970s and 1980s could be moved to a prison after being declared fit to be released from a mental health unit.
Plans to move a Powys school to a Welsh-medium education system have been rejected by the full council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit Blink 182.
Firefighters were called out to help a woman who became stuck in a tyre at a play park in East Yorkshire.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean" and should not have been sent off, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye has apologised for a political scandal that has engulfed her government and left her facing calls for her resignation.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was seriously injured in a road crash in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate whether the death penalty should be reinstated in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died after being injured on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors have asked a judge to overturn the conviction of Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend by shooting her in the head with a single bullet.
Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Surrey has lost a High Court battle to have its planning permission for unrestricted flying revoked.
Oxford United midfielder Jordan Rhodes is out of the FA Cup tie with a hamstring injury, while midfielder Jordan Houghton is also out.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell its Yihaodian brand to China's JD.com in a deal worth $1.3bn (£1.1bn).
A Conservative MP has said he is "personally very disappointed" that the UK government is breaking a manifesto commitment over plans to devolve income tax powers to the Welsh Assembly without a referendum.
UKIP has said it would set up a dedicated veterans' minister and set up an army medal for all UK military veterans if it wins the general election.
A round-up of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
The government is set to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC understands.
A service to mark the centenary of a World War One ambulance unit which served in the South Wales valleys is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won their first Olympic medal of the Rio Games with victory over world number one Marcus Rashid and compatriot Marcus Voegele in the men's doubles.
The last time I was on the London Underground it was a day of high drama.
Coventry City's Sky Blue Trust has condemned the behaviour of some fans during Saturday's home defeat by MK Dons.
China has said it is "firmly committed" to the US's demand for North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons, after talks in Beijing.
A £500,000 donation has been made to help the Glasgow School of Art (GSA) rebuild its fire-damaged Mackintosh building as part of a £32m redevelopment of its Garnethill campus.
David Beckham has joined an air ambulance volunteer who saved the lives of six people from a rollercoaster crash at a bravery award ceremony.
A High Court judge has ruled that Stormont's environment minister Mark Durkan breached the ministerial code by approving a controversial planning blueprint for Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal after he was released by Chesterfield.
New Hartlepool United manager Paul Hignett says he was taken by surprise by the quality of the players he has seen since being appointed.
George Cole was a versatile actor who enjoyed a long and varied career, appearing in a number of roles on stage and screen, including roles in The Belles of St Trinian's, Blue Murder at St Triny's and The Great St Tronian's Train Robbery.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell for a second day on Friday, with shares in airlines and High Street firms among the biggest fallers, as investors remained cautious ahead of the Bank of England's interest rate decision.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have begun a three-day strike over changes to their pensions.
"We are going to bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Colombia has arrested two people for allegedly running an operation to sabotage the peace process between the government and Farc rebels in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new chief executive.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included in Manchester United's squad for the Europa League despite not playing for the club since the end of last season.
Two security guards have been threatened with a gun during a robbery at a bank in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, marking the start of his administration's first day in office.
The funeral of John and Ann Graham, one of the three Scots killed in the Tunisia terror attack, has taken place in Perth.
A pair of Queen Victoria's silk pants are to be sold at auction in a bid to raise money for charity.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was left frustrated after Jack Hamilton was knocked off his feet in the final minute of his side's win over Partick Thistle.
Former Wales captain Dean Saunders has been offered a free parking fee at an airport after he left his car at a short stay area in France when Wales were knocked out of Euro 2016.
Kettering's Neil Wilson says his record-breaking performance in the German Open quarter-finals was the "best match" of his career.
A number of products made by manufacturers are shrinking to cut the price they charge supermarkets, according to a consumer group.
A woman whose remains were found in a bag in a nature reserve 12 months ago may have suffered "deep trauma" and may need counselling, police have said.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the Tour de France leader's yellow jersey as Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15.
The government has confirmed the main route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Manchester has been chosen, with a spur to take passengers to Sheffield.
Chesterfield moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a win over Barnsley, despite playing for more than an hour with 10 men.
EDF, the French energy firm behind the Hinkley Point nuclear power station, is set to announce next week that it will decide whether to press ahead with the project.
A fin whale has been found dead on a Norfolk beach.
A man has been arrested in connection with disorder at the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month.
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was prevented from travelling to the US because her mother was born in Iran, under new US visa rules.
The number of able and talented pupils in Wales' schools is not being supported enough, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A man who bit off half of a colleague's ear in a drunken rage has been jailed for six years and four months.
Australia's new laws on whistleblowers are threatening health workers with jail if they reveal information about the health of asylum seekers in detention centres, the BBC's Fiona Hill reports.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named the National Book of the Year.
The Great British Bake Off is back on our TV screens this weekend and we're all wondering who will be the next contestant to be crowned champion!
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the management of a hospital trust that runs the Christie cancer hospital in Manchester.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of a very ancient creature called Calvapilosa, which they think was the ancestor of all molluscs.
The Belfast Telegraph is looking at other options for its future in the city centre after announcing it is to move to a new premises.
The parents of a soldier who died after suffering from hyperthermia on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not remove immunity from prosecution from the Ministry of Defence.
A stolen car was pursued by police for more than 30 miles before it was abandoned after being driven in to a dead end.
Lord Elis-Thomas has said he is leaving Plaid Cymru because of the party's "failure to seriously participate" in government.
Donald Trump's election as US president has had a profound impact on the world of business, with many companies wondering if the new president will be a negative for their business.
Amnesty International has warned that the US and Europe are witnessing the worst rise in hate speech since the 1930s, with governments adopting " dehumanizing" policies.
The latest round of talks between junior doctors and NHS bosses in England has been dominated by warnings about the impact of the forthcoming two-day strikes.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92, BBC Wales understands.
Some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas are to be restored after a grant was awarded to help with conservation work.
Matt Machan hit an unbeaten century as Sussex were bowled out for 345 on day one of their Division Two match against Worcestershire at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English football if he is appointed Manchester City manager.
More than 1,000 patients have been left stranded in hospital for more than six weeks in the last three months, according to NHS Scotland figures.
Maoist rebels in India should be allowed to run trains through their strongholds even during the night, a senior railway minister has said.
A bid to turn Cambridge into a "miniature Tour de France" city is being launched to promote the race by knitting bunting for the event.
A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Londonderry.
Sabi Benhadi is back on the beach where six people were killed and more than 20 injured in the Tunisian attack that left more than 30 people dead.
A man has been arrested in Florida in connection with a fire that destroyed a mosque in Fort Pierce that was frequented by a gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub last year.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help keep mountain bothies in Scotland's hills clean.
Wakefield ended a run of three straight defeats with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has signed a new contract extension to keep him at the Premiership club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke just days before he was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame.
Celtic moved to within two points of a domestic treble as they thrashed Partick Thistle to move to within three points of the Premiership leaders.
Montrose's Scottish League Two play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Queen's Park.
Burnley midfielder Ben Jones has joined Championship side Rochdale on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been the victim of a hacking attack.
MK Dons have signed midfielder Jordan Rhodes from Bradford City on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would ban Mexicans from sending money overseas to pay for his proposed border wall with Mexico.
The Conservatives have won the South Wales East seat in the assembly election after a second candidate was forced to stand down after failing to make the final list.
Jim McIntyre is one of four managers shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the year award after leading Ross County to the League One title.
The UK's highest court has said it will consider whether to allow a celebrity to take his legal battle against the publication of details of an alleged extra-marital affair to the Supreme Court.
South African President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has been widely criticised by his own party and the public.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a potential buyer for the Premier League club, and will continue to do so in September.
The head of Cecil the lion, the famous lion shot dead in Zimbabwe, is being held by police and will be released so it can be mounted as a memorial to the animal, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty earned Charlton a point at Gillingham as the League One side salvaged a draw at the Gillinghams Stadium.
The government has confirmed that millions of high earners will lose some of their child benefit from 1 October.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be seeking re-election for a second term in office.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as loan player manager.
A youth football club has cancelled all its games after travellers set up camp next to their changing rooms.
Paris's museums and cultural venues have reopened following Friday's attacks in the French capital, in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh's hopes of reaching the British & Irish Cup quarter-finals have been ended after the club was told they will not be able to play their remaining fixtures.
Glamorgan's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were ended by Dawid Malan's unbeaten 150 as Middlesex won by an innings and 95 runs at Lord's.
A hospital rated inadequate by the health watchdog has been accused of "tradinguced" its reputation by blaming staff "tittle-tattle" for 300 errors in a report.
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in the Stirling area.
The number of dog attacks in Wales has risen by more than 50% in the past year, with North Wales Police reporting a rise in 246 attacks and a rise of more than 100 in the Dyfed-Powys area.
Heather Rabbatts, the Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BME) board member, is to step down after five years at the governing body.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one-day international history as England beat Pakistan by an innings and 95 runs to win the series 3-2 in Abu Dhabi.
Two people who died after a car hit and killed two cyclists were being followed by a police officer when the collision happened, police have said.
A Peebles-based tyre fitting company has been bought by Michelin for £1.5bn, in a deal that values the business at £1bn.
A report on the future of Wales' national parks has been criticised by conservationists for its "lack of clarity".
Former England seamer James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket.
A car that uses virtual buttons to help drivers focus on the road has been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
Four fishermen have been rescued from a sinking fishing boat off the west coast of Scotland after their boat capsized off the coast of Oban.
Poland's right-wing Law and Justice party has won enough votes to form a government on its own, defeating the governing Civic Platform party in parliamentary elections.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged, saying he is "frightened" the vote will be "rigged".
An optometrist's failure to spot a man's brain swelling during an eye test led to his death, a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved out of the relegation zone with a hard-fought victory over Birmingham City at the Valley.
Hull KR prop Josh Garbutt has accepted a two-game ban for punching an opponent in Saturday's Super League defeat by Hull FC.
A memorial service has been held for a missing British yachtsman who died in the capsized yacht the Endurance off the coast of Massachusetts.
Falkirk's pension fund is to invest £30m in social housing, in a bid to encourage other local authorities to follow in the footsteps of the city's example.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent were bowled out for 412 by Derbyshire on day three at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
As a former artisanal diamond miner, Mathew Nyaungwa, who has just completed his PhD in mining, reflects on his experiences of working as a "indentured labourer" in Sierra Leone's diamond industry.
The government has approved plans for the extension of the Northern Line in south London.
The Welsh government's transport minister has dismissed claims of a "conspiracy theory" over plans to change the Wales and Border rail franchise.
Tim Peake and his colleague, Tim Peake, have been working on a new space project and found a hidden Space Invaders game in the International Space Station!
The deadly attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso that killed at least 20 people, including children, has been linked to a jihadist group that was inspired by the Islamic State group, which has carried out similar attacks in Nigeria and Nigeria.
A man in his 40s has died after his car and a lorry collided on the A90 in Aberdeenshire.
A Bangladeshi man who was held in prison in Pakistan for 15 years after illegally crossing the border from India has been reunited with his family in his home village.
A US company that sells software that allows people to spy on their children and colleagues online has admitted that data from 80,000 of its customers has been stolen.
Twitter's boss has said he's worried the site is driving users away from the service, after a farmer was threatened with death on the site.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate Fifa's handling of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding process, an MP has said.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by the Bahraini and Bahraini governments that he will not be given a new contract and will step down as the company's boss.
A Spanish newspaper has published documents it says show that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments when he was a minister in the government of former Prime Minister Jose Manuel Rajoy.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents in the Channel Tunnel in the past 24 hours.
Britain's Ahmed Yafai won the vacant WBC world super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over former champion Omar Yafayi in Birmingham.
A country park in Hampshire which was forced to close early after a campaign to extend its opening hours will now be open all year round.
A Sinn Féin MLA has agreed to pay compensation to a former UDR MP after he tweeted that he had harassed and shot people while in the Army.
The killing of al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden by US forces in Pakistan was a "embarrassing" failure for the country's intelligence agency, the country has admitted.
A US teenager who posted videos of himself firing a gun and a flamethrower from a drone has begun legal action in a bid to return to school, after being expelled over the videos.
Drivers have faced long delays on the new road layout at the Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London after the junction was revamped.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and Paul Stirling shared an unbeaten century stand as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded lower on Friday, continuing the recent trend seen in Japan, where shares have seen sharp falls in the past two days.
Iran's hardliners have suffered their biggest defeat in parliamentary elections since the country's nuclear deal with world powers was signed in 2015.
Former Rangers defender Barry McCarthy believes the club's signing of Bruno Alves will be a success for manager Pedro Caixinha and will give the Ibrox side the edge over Celtic.
Mae'r Gadair yn cael ei chyflwyno am awdl o dan y teitl  'Arwr' neu 'Arwres' ar Ynys Môn wedi cael yn eu llifio o goed
A motorcyclist has died after crashing at a track event in Suffolk.
More than 800,000 Indian pharmacies are to shut down on Wednesday in protest against online drug sales, the country's largest trade body says.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's decision to endorse Donald Trump has been widely seen as a boost for the Republican front-runner, but could it also be a blow to the party's establishment?
A man who has spent years restoring a historic garden to its former glory has said he is "devastated" after it was destroyed by flooding.
For many people Nick Griffin was the leader of the British National Party (BNP) - and he was the man who was expelled from the party.
A new initiative aimed at helping children prepare for the big move from primary to secondary school has been launched.
Three ceramic sheep painted on a street in Wrexham have been stolen after they were stolen from their home.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he will "have to make decisions" on Wales midfielder Joe Allen's future, but insists the club are not close to agreeing a new deal.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has questioned a former partner of a Manx law firm over the Nama property deal.
Aston Villa defender Adil Suliman has joined League One side Rochdale on loan until the end of the season.
For some MPs, the chance to make laws is a dream come true, a chance to get their own law passed.
The US says it will release a further instalment of funds to Iran as part of a deal with world powers on its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's men's Eurobasket qualifying campaign got off to a losing start with a 76-71 defeat by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in Belfast.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note, which will be in circulation from 1 September.
US President Barack Obama has urged Americans not to despair after a gunman killed five police officers in Dallas, Texas, on Friday.
A snake has been found clinging to the wing of a passenger plane in the Antarctic in a fierce wind storm.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the US business news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are to get free bus and train transport to a new £1.5m leisure centre in a bid to boost participation in sport.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 new exoplanets, or planets that orbit other stars than our Sun.
A number of puppies have been seized in a "shocking" operation to smuggle them into Wales from the Republic of Ireland.
The government should ban EU migrants from claiming out-of-work benefits for longer than three months, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
A petition calling for Durham University to preserve a "brilliant" modernist building has been handed in to the city council.
A Cotswolds landmark has been awarded a Dark Sky Discovery award for its spectacular views of the night sky.
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as that of a man who went missing after getting into difficulty in the water.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Friday's opening practice session at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod as he and Bruce Anstey secured pole positions for Saturday's Superbike and Supersport races.
A Denbighshire beach could be strengthened to prevent a repeat of the flooding that caused hundreds of homes to be flooded last year.
ScotRail has said it will run fewer trains on Sundays after a dispute with drivers' union Aslef led to a drop in the number of drivers taking part in the service.
Hungary will not backtrack on controversial laws that have been criticised by the EU, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has said, amid growing pressure from Brussels.
At first glance, you might think: "It's a sculpture."
The US sports memorabilia firm Topps has said that payment card numbers and other data for customers may have been exposed in a hack attack.
India set a record target of 300 to beat South Africa by a record margin and seal a 3-0 series victory in the final Test in Mohali.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has risen since a new law came into force, figures show.
Two teenagers arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was stabbed in Newport have been released on bail.
A council has spent £1.5m on a search for a new burial site for Oxfordshire's last three cemeteries after running out of land.
Chris Brown has been involved in a shooting at a nightclub in California, which left five people injured.
The US is set to re-enter a deal to sell military aircraft to Nigeria, after a deal was halted in 2015, US media report.
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in the UK, after a debate in the House of Commons.
Plans for a 4,000-home garden village in Surrey have been unveiled, despite opposition from a local authority.
The global food system needs to change to help tackle the impact of climate change, the UN's food agency has warned, as it said agriculture is the biggest source of greenhouse gas emissions.
A theatre producer who defrauded the Welsh government out of £50,000 has been jailed for six years at Cardiff Crown Court.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he is unsure whether Chelsea captain John Terry will continue to play for the club next season.
Gavin Robinson has accused some of those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU of using "fear tactics" in the EU referendum campaign.
The Afghan police chief, Gen Ashraf Zahir, has been replaced after his resignation amid concerns over the country's security, officials say.
The number of people in the UK who will be 100 by 2047 is set to double, according to new figures.
The extinction of some of the UK's most threatened butterfly species could begin as early as 2050 if global warming continues at the current rate, according to a new study.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the A9 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based IT company is creating 300 new jobs after it announced it was expanding its operations in the city.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ephraim Nkosi looks at some of the more unusual stories from 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in an Essex shopping centre.
A father and son who were jailed for a fatal raid on a pensioner's home have had their sentences increased by a further two years.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been named the most deprived town in England, according to a study of official data.
Oscar-winning actor and singer Lucie Ball is to co-host the Olivier Awards for the third time, it has been announced.
A commemorative tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of one of the world's most famous landscape designers, Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "everything" mother, who was on a "big adventure" with her husband.
The number of Scottish businesses going into administration has fallen for the first time in three years, according to new figures from accountancy firm KPMG.
Derry and Cavan will be looking to bounce back from their Ulster semi-final defeats when they face Meath and Monaghan in Saturday's All-Ireland Football qualifiers.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who gave information about a violent drug dealer to a man he met at a gym has been jailed for six years.
A man who killed his landlord with a microwave oven has been jailed for life for his murder.
Viewsnight is a BBC Newsnight programme that looks at the world through the eyes of Muslims.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found, his family have said.
Patient safety will be compromised by problems with the NHS 111 phone line, a health watchdog has warned.
Mansfield Town striker Danny Green says he was "disappointed" by his lack of playing time and was "unhappy" at the club after his contract was cancelled at the end of the season.
UK Sport has been asked to "add extra emphasis" to its monitoring of the welfare of GB Taekwondo athletes following claims of poor treatment by coaches.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season as his side drew with Sussex at Hove.
Scotwest Bank has appointed a new chief executive for its West of Scotland arm, Airdrie Savings Bank, which is based in Airdriesshire.
A man who admitted running an illegal money-lending business which saw him make almost £30,000 by exploiting vulnerable people has paid back £10,000 to his victims.
Jamaica's anti-doping system is "not good enough", according to the head of the country's athletics doping control officer.
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been appointed as Italy coach on a three-year contract with a salary of £1.5m (Â£1.6m).
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Blackpool and move off the bottom of League One.
The story of the UK's infrastructure projects is one of the most talked-about stories of the EU referendum campaign.
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte has announced.
Ten men have been found working in Chinese restaurants and a house in the West Midlands as domestic workers in what police believe is a modern-day slavery operation.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has fallen dramatically since the EU-Turkey deal to try to stem the flow of people from Turkey.
An elderly woman who had her bike stolen while she was in the supermarket has been given a new one after a social media appeal for help.
Relatives of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they are "not any further forward" in their search for answers to the cause of the tragedy.
Mario Balotelli says he was about to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans during a match, but has now changed his mind.
A fundraising event in memory of two teenagers who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers is to be held.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to be voted the greatest film of all time.
A man who led police on a three-week manhunt for two inmates who escaped from a New York prison by using a hacksaw and screwdriver has been shot and wounded, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed during a traffic stop in Lancashire.
Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first quarter, as sales of its namesake drinks fell in North America, its biggest market.
A community in Cambodia has been working to regenerate the mangrove forest in the Kampot region of the country, which has been a major source of income for a fishing community.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about the San Bernardino shootings - and the possible links between the attack and overseas terrorism - as they take to the stage in New Hampshire.
A selection of interesting snippets from the Oxfordshire and Oxfordshire news that we did not know last week:.
A man has appeared in court following a police operation in which drugs with a street value of more than Â£3,000 were seized in the Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says the team are determined to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016 after securing top spot in their group.
The number of teacher vacancies in some parts of Scotland has been rising, with some councils reporting a shortage of up to 50% in some areas.
A 90-year-old woman who had dreamed of meeting George Clooney for years has been given a surprise visit from the Hollywood star.
A road where a sinkhole opened up in a Hertfordshire village, forcing the evacuation of dozens of homes, is to be reopened to the public.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of football scouting Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters will be available for Tuesday's Euro 2016 opener against Sweden after missing training on Wednesday because of a thigh injury.
England and Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
A postie has been left in the loo after a parcel he delivered fell down a toilet.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as National League side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town and reach the FA Cup third round.
All photographs courtesy Gareth Iwan Jones..
The closure of the Independent Human RightsAT (IHAT) unit, which investigated allegations of abuse against UK troops in Iraq, was "a bitter pill to swallow", a former soldier has said.
Former Nigerian state governor James Ibori has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in the UK after changing his plea to guilty.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking for a new chief executive to help run its "fun" activities and make it a "great place to live and work".
Scotland will not go into their final World Cup match against South Africa with a second string squad, says fly-half Tim Visser.
Hundreds of people have attended a breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother who was criticised for feeding her baby in public in Staffordshire.
Fleetwood Town reached the FA Cup second round for the first time since 2012 after coming from behind to beat League Two Southport in extra time.
A woman who lost two babies after being denied an abortion in Northern Ireland has won a legal challenge against the Department of Health.
The BBC is looking for the UK's musical "legends" to be honoured with a blue plaque.
More than 100 doctors and public health professionals have written an open letter to voters in England warning the NHS is "withering away" under the coalition government.
The Mexican government has promised to deliver food to Oaxaca state, where a teachers' union has been blocking roads for more than a month in protest against education reforms.
A magnitude 7.8 earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, the US Geological Survey has said.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will not be "soft" on the issue of politicians who misuse public money.
A £10,000 reward has been offered by the Scottish police and crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers for information about the murder of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Italy began their Euro 2016 campaign with victory over Belgium as goals from Andrea Giaccherini and Andrea Pelle secured victory in Paris.
Rory McIlroy is in a three-way tie for the lead with Marc-Antoine Dubuisson and Jaco van Zyl after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
British skeleton champion Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from the sport.
Firefighters are still tackling a blaze at a house in Suffolk after a large thatch roof collapsed in heavy rain.
A former Conservative MEP's body was mistakenly cremated after doctors at a Birmingham hospital mistakenly signed off the cremation of a man with the same surname, a report has found.
A new combined authority set up to run two counties has been told it must reconsider its plans to recruit 15 new staff after its budget was increased from £1.2m to £1m.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne and American partner Jack Sock reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time after a thrilling semi-final win in Melbourne.
Snow has fallen across parts of the UK, with the heaviest snowfall in the north-east of England since the winter storms of 2012.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing.
The chairman of the Airports Commission has defended its decision not to back Heathrow expansion, saying Gatwick's arguments were "flimsy" and "frivolous".
The Millennium Stadium is in talks with promoters about hosting a boxing match between Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury, says its chief executive Mark Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality after their promotion to the Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by League Two side Swindon Town.
The former online shop of BHS has been taken over by a new company, which will sell goods from the former department store chain's online store.
Joba Rani, a farmer from the northern Bangladeshi village of Chittagong, was devastated by the recent floods, which destroyed her crops and forced her to sell three cows to pay off the instalments on a microfinance loan she had taken out to help her to
The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House has said.
The Luas tram system in Dublin has reopened after a long-running dispute over pay was resolved.
A Conservative MP has been awarded damages after an article claimed he had links to the so-called Islamic State group was published on an Iranian state TV network.
More than 1.5 million people have signed a petition against a major trade deal between the European Union and the US.
Former Bolton Wanderers striker Chris Holdsworth has agreed to buy the club, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland secured their first back-to-back Six Nations wins for the first time since 2001 as they held off a determined Ireland fightback to win a scrappy encounter in Edinburgh.
Scientists have used a gene editing technique to treat tumours in mice, in what could be a breakthrough in treating cancer.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is to be handed over to a private investor.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to three women for their work for peace and human rights.
Belfast Capitals beat Cardiff Devils 3-0 to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after the first game of their two-game series at the SSE Arena.
Great Britain's Katherine Belcher won a silver medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan as the women's team secured four Olympic places for Rio 2016.
Alton Towers staff were called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash within minutes of the accident, the fire service has said.
A man has been arrested after police closed down Sydney's Bondi Beach in Australia's largest city, Sydney, for more than two hours on Saturday.
Seven detainees who allegedly took part in unrest at Australia's Christmas Island detention centre are being transferred to mainland Australia, the Border Force has said.
Meat inspectors are warning that a new system for inspecting pigs' heads could lead to thousands of diseased animals going undetected.
Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Christian Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
The parents of a teenager who was left with permanent brain damage after falling out of a swimming pool during a lesson have been found guilty of child cruelty.
At least six people are dead and at least 10 are missing after a building collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, officials say.
Gateshead defender Chris Sweeney says the North East's appeal made him decide to return to the club after leaving Hartlepool United.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has been joined by a live call-in audience of schoolchildren as he answered questions from the public during a live space talk.
A man who attacked a three-month-old baby boy with a hammer, leaving him with life-changing injuries, has been jailed.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has won a $1m (£620,000) prize for teaching, the first woman to win the top international education award.
North Wales could benefit from the "Northern Powerhouse" if it is given more power by the Welsh assembly, the man behind the plan has said.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Bristol Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a two-year deal.
Adele has been named best album at the Grammys, but only after a bizarre mix-up with Beyonce, in which the latter tried to take the award away from her.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Brom was "vital" for their Premier League survival hopes after a run of five games without a win.
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland to have its own divisional patent court to hear patent cases.
A dress worn by Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles, hours after the actress was honoured at the ceremony.
Radiohead have released a new track as a Christmas present to fans of the new James Bond film Spectre, after being asked to write the theme tune for the film last year.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 to secure their second win of the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
Police officers in England and Wales earned more than £100,000 in overtime pay last year, including £32,000 for working in a contact centre, figures obtained by 5 live Investigates suggest.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of defensive walling at Edinburgh Castle that were built in the 17th Century.
An ice cream company in Canada's Alberta province has said it will help save a school that could be shut down because of budget cuts.
A recycling firm has been banned from accepting waste from a Manchester recycling centre after a fire destroyed more than 100,000 tonnes of rubbish.
When Google bought Nest, the tech giant's former chief executive Tony Fadell was asked about the troubled Google Glass computer, and the Apple Watch, and what he thinks about the competition from Sir Jonathan Ive's new wearable tech.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini as the man it believes will be the "reform candidate" in the Fifa presidential election.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Gillingham and move out of the League One relegation zone.
Plans for a £100m sports and housing development in the south of Scotland, which would include a new tennis and golf centre for Jamie Murray and Colin Montgomerie, have been criticised by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets.
Ed Miliband's first appearance at the Labour conference in Cardiff on Wednesday was a bit of a flop - and it was a flub that led to him being asked to kiss a woman in the back of the room.
A US military plane has been shot down by a Russian fighter jet over the Pacific Ocean, US officials say, in what US officials described as a "dangerous" incident.
Snapchat has said its video-sharing service has now recorded more than one billion views a day, beating Facebook's record for the number of videos viewed on its platform.
Mobile phone company Three has apologised after its service was disrupted for several hours on Saturday, with some customers receiving "unacceptable" text messages.
A Sydney school has banned its students from clapping during assemblies, but has allowed them to "greet" with a silent cheer.
A made-up MEP was picked by 12% of people who saw his name when asked to name Wales' four MEPs, a study has suggested.
In the wake of the death of Bruno, the Daily Mirror published an article about the former England and Wales cricket captain's mental health in which the headline was changed to reflect the severity of his condition.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Chloe Williams says she is feeling the pressure of being a medal favourite after winning gold at the European Championships.
Anthony Joshua has been told he must fight WBA world heavyweight champion David Ortiz in November or risk losing his title.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) offices have been locked down by police as a power struggle continues between two rival factions of the organisation.
The curlew has been added to the UK's list of birds of conservation concern after a survey of the RSPBNI's annual survey of birds in Northern Ireland.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the Goncourt Prize for Fiction for his latest book, The Map and the Territory, a satirical satire of the art world in Paris.
A cyclist has been killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in south London.
Frenchman Daniel Levy is in a three-shot lead after the second round of the German Open after a rain-hit second round at Bad Griesbach.
The former Battersea Power Station in south London has been put up for sale for the first time.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack on a Nato convoy in southern Afghanistan, the US-led Nato alliance says.
Gregor Townsend will name his final Scotland squad for the summer tour of the southern hemisphere on Saturday, with the final game of the season against Edinburgh.
Port Vale goalkeeper Joe Smith is being monitored by Championship clubs, according to the club's director of football Steve Smurthwaite.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in Colombia, with the bodies of five of the six people on board, the country's air force says.
China's manufacturing activity contracted at its fastest pace in more than three years in July, according to a closely watched survey, adding to signs of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
Roma lost ground on Serie A leaders Juventus as Armando Izzo's own goal gave them victory at Genoa.
Russian officials have presented medals to British sailors who served in World War II convoys to mark the 70th anniversary of the Arctic Star.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder and possessing explosives with intent to endanger life after a device was recovered in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Singer Beyonce has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with her latest Broadway album.
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified as a man, police have said.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen by more than 50% since the start of a deadly outbreak in January, the health ministry says.
It may seem strange to say that the Conservatives are scrapping free school meals for infant pupils in England, but that is exactly what they have done.
The UK's construction sector may have avoided recession, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's comments about Chinese officials threatening to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK in 2015 have raised questions about the security arrangements for the visit.
Former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager on a two-year contract.
A man who was caught with a kilo of herbal cannabis worth more than Â£50,000 has been jailed for six months.
As part of the BBC's So I Can Breathe series, people have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them.
A 10-year-old jazz musician has become a global star after he was nominated for a Grammy Award at New York's Jazz at Lincoln Center gala on Sunday night.
A woman in her 50s has been arrested by police investigating the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has backed a campaign to force the German government to compensate victims of the Thalidomide drug scandal.
Europe's Rosetta probe has uncovered some of the most striking new details about the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, which is due to return to Earth in 2015.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "not going to quit" the race, despite growing pressure from fellow Republicans to do so after he made lewd comments about women.
A South African woman who was a key witness in the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has been charged with fraud and money laundering.
Bernard Tomic said he did not respect the sport enough after his shock first-round defeat by Alexander Zverev at Wimbledon and said he would repay his prize money.
A Brazilian court has ruled that Barcelona's Neymar must pay a fine of 1.5m euros ($1.6m; Â£1.3m) to settle a tax fraud case brought against the Brazilian football star.
Fidel Castro, the Cuban leader who has led the communist-run island of Cuba since 1959, and the Queen, the world's longest-reigning monarch, have both celebrated their 90th birthdays on the same day.
A 15-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being assaulted in what police believe was an "honour-based violence" attack in Blackburn.
A book by journalist and science writer Laurence Silberman about the impact of autism on the human brain has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for best book on science.
England's leading goalscorer Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for their EuroHockey Championships warm-up matches against the Netherlands.
A man has been arrested after a number of vehicles were set alight in Wiltshire in what police believe was an arson attack.
The former IRA leader who is now Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has spoken of the moment his mother found out he was a member of the organisation.
Thousands of people have been protesting in Dublin against the Irish government's plans to close the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
A man who admitted causing the death of a County Tyrone woman in a head-on crash has been given a two-year suspended sentence.
Two men have been found not guilty of killing Alan Kurdi, the toddler who drowned while trying to cross the Mediterranean from Turkey to Greece.
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen says the Pro12 could be a "huge door" for South African players hoping to earn their way into the national team.
Israel did not commit war crimes during the 2014 Gaza war, but did cause harm to civilians, a report by the Israeli foreign ministry has said.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying campaign has been a nightmare from start to finish and the latest evidence of that is on display in the build-up to Monday's match against Germany.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBA champion Christian Braehmer and regain his WBO world title.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted by the government as part of the Queen's official state collection.
The scene in Manchester city centre is one of shock and grief.
A woman was hit with a crowbar by a man who tried to steal her purse in a robbery in Londonderry.
Tinie Tempah is a man who's made a career out of making music - but he's not afraid to admit that his studio is a place where he's forgotten his roots.
Trench coats maker Aquascutum, whose coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War and were worn in the first ascent of Mount Everest, is set to be sold.
Dozens of people have been left in a flap after a cash machine in North Lanarkshire paid out double the amount of money they had requested.
A University of Aberdeen building has been closed after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join Uefa has been rejected by the governing body, but the Football Association of the Channel Islands is still hopeful of a court date within the next six months.
The number of student doctors training places in England is to be doubled, the government has announced.
Chris Ashton scored two tries as Saracens ran in seven tries to thrash Bath and move within three points of Premiership leaders Exeter.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed Ospreys' Sam Kashket and Southampton's Luke Gape on loan until the end of the season.
As the new season gets under way, the Football League is bracing itself for the return of some of its most popular managers.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being conned out of £3,750 by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of the "horrendous" ordeal.
A Japanese court has ruled that women cannot change their surname after marriage, despite a campaign by a group of women who want to do so.
Ospreys captain Ken Owens says the team's recent form is not a sign of a slump after a run of four successive defeats.
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says he is "confident" his side can win the One-Day Cup for the first time since 2006 after reaching Finals Day for the third time in four years.
Strictly Come Dancing star Ore Oduba has revealed he thought he was going to kill himself after he revealed he was suffering from depression.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is looking for a running mate to help him win the White House in November's election.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan increased by more than a third in the last year, according to the UN, despite a sharp drop in eradication efforts.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take their children on holiday outside of school terms.
A woman jailed for running a prostitution ring in the 1990s has denied she was a client of former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath.
Blood donations from gay men will be allowed again in the UK from next week, after a report from the UK's health watchdog said that the current deferral period for donation was too long.
Saracens have signed England centre Calum Clark from Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept or reject the terms of a bailout from its international lenders.
It was a week that saw England's cricket team in the spotlight again, this time in Australia.
Lancashire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were ended by rain as they were beaten by Warwickshire in a rain-affected match.
The Six Nations could be "mixed with players' health" if it is reduced to six weeks, says Wales rugby union chief executive Gareth Davies.
A body has been found during a major search for a cyclist who went missing on a cycle path in Cornwall.
A £1.1m project to restore a Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is due to start in the autumn.
NHS staff could be recruited to help cover for the growing shortage of doctors in England to help deal with patient care shortages, a report has suggested.
Thousands of people, including children, have been evacuated from besieged eastern Aleppo, as a new ceasefire deal was agreed to allow the evacuation of rebels and their families.
The death toll from an attack on a Libyan airbase by rival forces has risen to 140, the UN says, with reports that some soldiers were killed in a summary execution.
How much would it cost to borrow to get a degree in England?
Labour has appointed Angela Glass as shadow education secretary, replacing Angela Powell, who has resigned from the shadow cabinet.
England and Scotland will meet in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday, with the hosts hoping to qualify for the 2018 tournament for the first time since 1958.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said US-Russia relations are at a "low point" and need to improve, after a meeting with his Russian counterpart.
Cheshire has been one of the most optimistic counties in England about the government's Northern Powerhouse plan to devolve powers to the regions of Greater Manchester and Liverpool.
A man from Ireland has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a hotel in County Antrim.
The European Union is withholding the last six-month payment to Somali troops in the country, the BBC has learned.
A man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney, Australia, as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police say.
Scientists at Nasa have developed a new material that could be used to make space suits.
Professional dogs have been used to patrol beaches in the US to help reduce the spread of a potentially deadly bug.
A bird of prey that was recently reintroduced to England has been shot dead in Bedfordshire.
The challenge to Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party is being seen as a test of the party's resolve, a test that could prove decisive for the Labour leader or his opponents.
Police have said they may use "extra powers" to stop and search fans at the Champions League final in Cardiff on Saturday.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades campaigning against the destruction of the nation's forests has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work to protect forests.
Christian Eriksen's late penalty gave Tottenham victory over Manchester City to move them back into second place in the Premier League and leave the hosts six points off the top four.
The world's poorest countries are the hardest places to be a girl, according to a new report by Save the Children, which ranks them on a scale of 1 to 10.
Sunderland Ladies' England Under-21 international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
British author William Boyd is to write the first official James Bond novel in more than 50 years.
A table tennis player has admitted sending indecent images of himself to a schoolgirl he met at a tournament.
A man from Bristol has paid £1,000 for a pumpkin that he hopes will be the world's heaviest.
McLaren's poor start to the season is "not good enough", says team boss Eric Boullier.
A Conservative government would double the amount of free childcare for three and four-year-olds in England, David Cameron has said, as he launched his party's childcare plans.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should take some responsibility for the way she has handled extremism if she is found to be "too soft on extremists".
Wigan defender Ben Watson will be out for at least six months after breaking his leg in the 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
It's not natural Labour territory...
Munster are to be investigated by European Cup organisers over the way they handled Conor Murray's head injury in their win over Glasgow Warriors on Saturday.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the controversial payments made to returning officers at local and national elections.
Police are investigating the death of a 73-year-old man in Saltcoats, County Antrim.
When it comes to buying things online, Sobia Sen is a big fan of online shopping.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is not worried about his squad's lack of transfer activity this summer despite a summer of spending that has seen a number of players leave Stamford Bridge.
The environment minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a plan that blocked a John Lewis store in Belfast's Sprucefield area, the High Court has heard.
Glamorgan moved to within a point of Division Two leaders Somerset after a hard-fought three-wicket win over Gloucestershire in the One-Day Cup.
A £10m flood protection scheme for Dumfries and Galloway is set to be published as a flood protection project after the council said it had increased the cost by £2m.
Cattle farmers are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds and spreading the disease to other wildlife.
A woman has completed her final London Marathon, walking the whole course in a bid to complete the course for the final time.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a hospital in a Northamptonshire by-election campaign.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced he is to step down from all his roles at the club.
A conference has been held in Sheffield to encourage men to report domestic abuse and help them to escape from "unbearable" abuse.
Everton's Under-21 side were knocked out of the Europa League as Krasnodar's Yann Laborde scored the only goal as the Toffees lost 1-0 in their last-16 tie in Russia.
Jockey John Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall.
The general election is coming up on 8 May.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare stay on as manager long term, says club captain Wes Morgan.
The SDLP and Alliance have said they will be raising the issue of missing children from separated families at Stormont.
Brussels has reopened to the public for the first time since the attacks in Paris on Friday, as the city prepares to welcome back commuters.
A plane carrying more than 150 people had to divert to a nearby motorway after a suspected "fault" caused it to divert its flight to a Birmingham airport.
Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time in the US for the second time.
The Bank of England's chief economist Andy Haldane has said that the case for raising interest rates is still "some way from being made", because the economy is "losing speed on the runway".
Leicester Speedway have agreed a deal to keep the club in business for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty fell in 2011 for the first time in five years, according to the US Department of Agriculture's latest figures.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
Asian girls are being groomed and sexually abused by men in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce says England will be "happy" if they can avoid the embarrassment of a second Euro 2016 exit when they face Slovakia in their opening World Cup qualifier on Sunday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a 15-year-old girl was raped twice in the same night at a railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has said he is "disappointed" that the EU is still debating the idea of a permanent European military headquarters, despite the fact that it doesn't exist.
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia have been found, police have confirmed.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour was the most powerful man in Afghanistan, and the most influential man in the world of the Taliban.
A bike share scheme which was suspended after the operator went bust has been reinstated.
The Colombian government and the Farc rebel group have asked the UN Security Council to help oversee any ceasefire between the two sides in the country's long-running armed conflict.
Madonna has won a legal battle against a lawsuit alleging she stole a sample from a Salsoul song for her hit Vogue, a court in California has ruled.
A £50m road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town will be built in a bid to ease traffic congestion, the Welsh Government has announced.
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been restored after being bought by the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in the three months to March, in a sign of the country's economic woes.
Blackberry has unveiled a new Android-powered smartphone that it says is "the world's smallest" smartphone.
A collection of rare photographs and film stills of Sir David Attenborough, including a rare working screen play for Ghandi, are expected to fetch up to £50,000 at auction.
A witness in the murder trial of Surjit Singh Chhokar has been accused of lying by the QC for the accused during cross-examination by Donald Findlay.
Labour would end the "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts in the UK and give workers the right to a regular contract, Ed Miliband has said.
Les Hutchison has completed his exit from Motherwell, ending a 14-year ownership battle with the club's supporters.
Police investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl who disappeared in 2003 are to make an appeal for information during the club's FA Cup match.
Rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales will rise by 1.5% in 2017, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said, the second rise in a year.
A new £1.5m military rehabilitation centre for veterans with complex trauma injuries has opened in Surrey, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is commissioning a new series of portraits of women and ethnic minorities to be painted and hung on its walls.
Derbyshire head coach Russell Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast Finals Day next season despite missing out on a place in the last eight for the first time.
England women's football team would have won a gold medal at the 2016 Olympics had they been allowed to compete at Rio, says manager Mark Sampson.
Spotlight has won best picture at the American Film Society's annual awards, beating the likes of Spotlight and Carol to the title.
Owen Sheers has won the 2014 Literature Wales book of the year title for his second time with a poem about war in Afghanistan.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond are capable of playing for England, according to former national coach Andy Flower, after they starred in the Lions' tri-series success.
I am a collector of Indian matchboxes and have a collection of 25,000 labels.
Olympic athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, which are believed to be caused by using hot cups to help with aches and pains.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead on Sunday despite protests in the country.
The Wire's Michelle Dockery and The Affair's Kanye West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations, which starts on 1 January.
The Wickerman Festival has announced that Scottish indie band The Flaming Lips will headline a new stage at this year's event.
A gas explosion that killed a man and destroyed his home was "like an airstrike" and left "complete devastation", an inquest has heard.
JK Rowling has been celebrating her 90th birthday with a special cake to celebrate the author's birthday.
Venezuelan police have arrested at least 20 people after shops were looted in a town in the north of the country amid growing shortages of food and medicine.
A letting agency that has been paid more than £2.1m in housing benefit by a council has a close relationship with a charity that provides homeless people with private accommodation, the BBC has learned.
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw says his side need to be "on top form" when they face France in Paris on Saturday to end a run of nine straight defeats in the country.
For many gay Australians, the prospect of getting married is a dream they have dreamed of for years.
South Korean opposition MPs have ended a filibuster which lasted for more than 60 hours, breaking the world record for the longest such filibuster.
The BBC has announced that it is to be running a new series of live TV shows on BBC One in the UK.
A special one-cent coin to mark the birth of Prince George has been struck by the Royal Mint to mark his first birthday.
South Korea and Japan have held their first talks in nearly a year, amid a diplomatic row over disputed islands in the East China Sea.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is a doubt for England's Euro 2016 qualifier against France after suffering a "severely twisted ankle" in the win over Spain, Roy Hodgson has confirmed.
An inquest into the death of Alice Gross, who was found dead in a London park last year, will look at the authorities' failure to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), the militant group that has been in power in Algeria since 2007, has become the most powerful Islamist group in North Africa.
An MP has reclaimed a lost toy rabbit found by a member of parliament at Westminster after it was reunited with its owner.
A US judge has ordered police to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock an iPhone in a case that has reignited a debate over the use of biometric technology in crime investigations.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic have "nothing to fear" in their Europa League qualifier against Ajax on Wednesday, despite their poor form in the competition.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against former WBA champion Jorge Rosas in London on Saturday, 7 April.
It was a decision that was widely expected, but one that few expected to happen.
The Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP), which has been used in England for 20 years to provide end-of-life care for dying patients, is likely to be replaced, a review of the system in England is likely To be recommended.
Four men accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home and trying to cover up the attack spent days trying to destroy his body, a court has heard.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty in the US of running a credit card hacking operation that stole more than 3 million credit card numbers.
A cat has died after being stabbed in the neck in what the RSPCA has described as a "shocking and completely senseless attack".
A 75-year-old pelican at a zoo in New Zealand has been put down after becoming ill and becoming "lame" in recent months.
Boys have made gains in A-level grades, with more than a quarter of entries getting top grades for the first time, as the new style of exams came into force.
A measles outbreak has been confirmed at a Neath Port Talbot nursery.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has suspended the country's top prosecutor in a row over allegations of corruption.
The route taken to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle's victory.
The inquiry into the death of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko has heard the Russian state was involved in his murder.
Head teachers have criticised Chancellor Philip Hammond for failing to use his Autumn Statement to invest in education.
A Welsh assembly member has called for an end to the "archaic practice" of identifying pupils who qualify for free school meals by their fingerprints.
A new treatment for HIV has been shown to be safe and effective in humans, scientists say.
A police watchdog is to investigate claims officers were involved in the "unnecessary" amputation of a prisoner's fingers after he lost three of his fingers in custody.
Young people in Ivory Coast are often the first to take up business and start their own businesses.
Dover Athletic have been allowed to sign former Barnet and West Ham defender Jordan N'Gala after Gillingham were told they could not sign him because of Fifa transfer rules.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he is keen to keep Kane Hemmings at Tannadice but admits the striker's form this season has made it difficult to keep him at the club.
The Royal British Legion is launching a campaign to change the way people think about veterans and the poppy, as part of its Poppy Appeal.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the last 16 of the Scottish Cup.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office for the second weekend in a row, ending a run of poor performances by sequels in the genre.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for West End musicals, saying they are "incredibly reasonable".
A student has created an app that could help people in remote areas to get to safety in the event of a natural disaster.
Glamorgan's David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half-centuries as they beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast at Chelmsford.
The world was a scary place in 2015.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Bridgend county.
French police are hunting for the two men suspected of carrying out the Charlie Hebdo massacre, which left 12 people dead and at least 17 injured, in Paris.
Prince Philip is to retire from royal duties in August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
A housing company has announced it is to demolish two blocks of flats in Southampton after a public vote showed more than half of residents in the area backed the move.
A man was shot in the leg with a shotgun during a burglary at his home by a gunman who mistook him for a drug dealer, a court has heard.
Taylor Swift has been one of the biggest names in music for years, but she's also been one the biggest music pirates.
Jenson Button says he is "hopeful" the new Baku Grand Prix circuit will be safe, despite concerns about run-off on the streets of the city.
India's chief minister has resumed his protest against police in the capital, Delhi, after a day of protests over alleged police inaction in the alleged case of a suspected drugs and prostitution ring.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted communications to avoid detection as part of their criminal networks, according to senior police officers.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 has sold out within hours of being announced, with tickets for the show in Belfast going on sale on Friday.
Lance Armstrong has said he would probably cheat again if he was racing again in 2015, but would not do so if he had been asked in 1995 when the sport was "completely pervasive" with doping.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his team's Euro 2016 campaign is not over despite their game against Russia being seen as the "be all and end all" of their campaign.
MotoGP rider Martin McGuinness is the Isle of Man TT's most famous rider, winning the prestigious race in June.
Sussex's Tom Wells is aiming to improve on his average of 37.76 this season and is determined to deliver bigger and better results.
A campaign to save a boulder that has been on a village road for thousands of years has been reignited after a motorist allegedly hit it.
A crowdfunding campaign to help disabled man John Barnes after he was mugged has raised more than £330,000 in just three weeks.
Royal Bank of Scotland has set aside a further £3.1bn to cover claims for mis-selling of payment protection insurance and mortgage products, as it announced it would set aside £1.8bn to pay out bonuses.
A painting of a 17th Century poet and aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust after being saved from sale for more than £2m.
More than a third of bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if the Welsh government cuts funding for subsidised services by up to 40%, a transport body has warned.
I have been telling my fellow judges in South Africa's High Court that it is time for a break.
Turkey's parliament has approved a law allowing police officers to wear headscarves in public places, in a move that will allow women to wear the Islamic headscarf in public life for the first time.
Five universities have been given provisional accreditation to offer master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man who beat a 73-year-old woman to death and sexually assaulted her before dumping her body in a street in Norwich has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years.
Clashes have broken out in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival factions over the Syrian conflict, with security forces using tear gas and water cannon to quell the violence.
A patient who lost two teeth after being punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol was not the only one to suffer abuse, the BBC has learned.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
The Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, the all-time leading scorer in NHL history, has died at the age of 87.
A UK-led agency that backs private investment in developing countries has spent more than £5,000 on travel for its board members, the National Audit Office has found.
A man who spent almost 30 years in prison for a robbery he was never convicted of says he will fight for compensation for his "soul-destroying" ordeal.
Labour has said it would be "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if the EU referendum is held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections.
Jack Marriott scored twice in the final 15 minutes as Peterborough beat Rotherham to move up to second in League One.
Jules Bianchi will not give up on his recovery after suffering a head injury in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix, his father has said.
A US law firm is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast as part of a £100m expansion of its operation in the city.
A man who made two phone calls from a garden in the early hours of the morning after a burglary has been identified by police.
Michael Farmer extended his lead in the British Superbike Championship to five points after winning the opening race of the round at Knockhill on Saturday.
UK retail sales growth slowed in May, as shoppers tightened their belts following a rise in prices, official figures have shown.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth, the UK's foreign office has said, in a move that has been described as "deeply disappointing" by the group's secretary-general.
A social worker who failed to visit offenders with mental health problems on a regular basis has been banned from the profession for life.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has rejected calls from other EU leaders for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the bloc immediately after the UK's vote to leave.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will require police and other authorities to obtain a warrant before using technology that tracks mobile phones.
The Gambia has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba, hours before President Yahya Jammeh is due to vote in a presidential election, in tribute to the late Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog that was removed from his home in Belfast and deemed a pit bull terrier has been allowed to return home after a court order was signed to allow him to remain on the register.
Manchester City have made Everton defender John Stones their number one target for the summer with a £30m bid in the region of £40m on the table.
More than 1,000 people in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as high winds and heavy rain caused power cuts and travel disruption.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London.
Two men who died in a two-car crash in the early hours of Saturday have been named by police.
A man accused of murdering a teenager who was found dead in her home told a friend she would "pay for what she's done" after she dumped him, a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson was "proud" of his side after they came from behind to beat Newcastle United and end a run of five straight defeats.
The Premier League and EFL will introduce a new system for penalties in the 2017-18 season, which will see teams take turns to kick off the first two kicks in a shootout.
A woman who has sold poppies for 75 years has been named as the UK's "most-valued poppy collector".
A woman who was sexually assaulted by serial killer Robert Howard has told an inquest into the death of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson that she was lucky to escape with her life.
The Greek prime minister's spokesman has said the government will try to complete a deal with its creditors after the parliament approved a bailout deal, despite a vote against it.
The general election is coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire say they are interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley in the future.
A sculpture by Henry Moore, thought to be worth about Â£20m, is to return to London after being on loan to a Yorkshire gallery for more than 20 years.
A Londonderry man who admitted driving without a licence has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" after he asked a judge to postpone his sentencing.
A Miss America contestant has sparked controversy after saying healthcare is a "privilege" and not a right, during a live TV interview on Sunday.
YouTube has launched a crackdown on fake views, after it was found that some people were buying them to boost their own popularity.
China's first space station is due to fall back to Earth on Wednesday, state media report, with most of the station likely to burn up in the atmosphere.
If you have eaten a handful of spicy chicken wings in Angola recently or perhaps polished off a lemony "yassa poulet" in Senegal, there is a good chance your chicken travelled some distance before finding its way on to your plate.
David Cameron's father Ian, who was born with both legs deformed and suffered from multiple sclerosis, has died at the age of 83, the prime minister has confirmed.
The Syrian government has begun the evacuation of the last rebel-held district of Homs, the last major district in the city that was once dubbed the "capital of the revolution".
Saracens head coach Mark McCall says his side are "hungry and humble" after they set a new European Champions Cup record for tries scored in a season.
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird, which has been used as a sex toy by revellers, is to be raised after it was abused by reveller.
Former supermarket bosses have joined a group of retail chiefs who have warned that prices will rise if the UK leaves the European Union.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United for the first time since retiring in May 2011.
The Rio de Janeiro samba school, the world's oldest, has won the Rio de facto title for the second year in a row, with a parade through the city on Sunday.
Wales is not doing enough to promote renewable energy and is paying the price for it, a leading business lawyer has said.
Diesel has become the first fuel to be cheaper than petrol for the first time in more than a decade, following a price cut by four of the UK's biggest supermarkets.
Ireland's James Dickson won the 1500m at the European Indoor Championships in Finland as the Irish team finished eighth in the League One event.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the EU referendum, saying they can "decide" their future.
Victims of sexual offences could be given the right to review decisions by police not to prosecute them under Labour plans to be unveiled in the general election.
As a potato farmer, David Chase has a natural knack for telling stories.
Syria's chemical weapons have been intercepted twice in the past week, the government has said, as it defended its use of barrel bombs in the city of Aleppo.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park was not adequately supervised, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire's Brett D'Oliveira and Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries as they put their side in a strong position against Derbyshire on day three at Derby.
India's decision to scrap high denomination 500 and 1,000 rupee notes will have a limited impact on the economy, according to one of the country's leading economists.
Oxford United ended Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season with a dramatic win at the Kassam Stadium.
A £500m housing development on the site of a former dairy farm has been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will not be cheering on Australia when his side play the Wallabies at Twickenham on Saturday.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift, after earlier denying that they were involved in a " publicity stunt".
The British government has a legal obligation to ensure inquests into the deaths of Stormont victims are heard, the Lord Chief Justice has said.
Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by an innings and 88 runs to claim their first win of the season after a stunning collapse by the hosts.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street have spoken of their shock at the news that the street is to close its doors for the last time.
A GP surgery in New Zealand has been rated "good" after being told to make "significant improvements" to its care.
On a recent afternoon at Singapore Management University (SMU), a group of students are sitting in a lecture hall at the university's campus in Singapore's east.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga as they beat Stuttgart to move within five points of a fourth successive title.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood are one shot off the lead after the second round of the US Open after a second-round performance that saw all three world number ones miss the cut.
A new academy is being set up to train mental health staff to help children and young people in Berkshire who have problems with depression and anxiety.
A new air ambulance service with consultants on board to treat patients in north Wales will be launched next week, the Welsh government has announced.
The husband of an Iranian-British charity worker jailed in Iran has said he is "terrified" as the family await the outcome of her appeal hearing.
Lee Westwood says he is feeling "more relaxed" about his chances at this week's Open Championship at Royal Troon after two major titles in a row.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton is the only Olympic sport to have had its funding withdrawn from UK Sport's programme for the Tokyo 2020 Games, with the organisation saying it will not be replaced.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Chester Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in the Scottish Borders.
A German man has been jailed for two years after a crash in Powys in which a motorcyclist was killed.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, as investors continued to await the outcome of a key vote in the US House of Representatives on financial reform.
Blackpool have signed Manchester United defender Liam Allsop and Aston Villa striker Josh Cooke on two-year deals for an undisclosed fee.
Match reports for the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Thousands of people have attended Armed Forces Day events across the UK, including a parade in the East Midlands.
A man has set a new world record for the largest egg made from an ostrich egg and sausage.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from his Lincolnshire practice has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
John Hardie is standing in the dark at the entrance to the gaff at Lockhart's Castle, a place where the dead have been haunting the land for more than a century.
Indonesians have been sharing images and memes on social media to show their support for the city of Jakarta, which was hit by a series of explosions and shootings by suspected Islamist militants.
A County Antrim company has announced it is creating 100 new jobs at its Kilrea site as part of a major investment.
A Sioux tribe in South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-growing and gambling resort on its reservation.
Conor McGregor says he will not be able to take Floyd Mayweather out of the ring with lighter gloves in their boxing match on 26 August.
Campaigners have said they are "extremely disappointed" by plans to sell off allotments in Leatherhead to build 500 homes.
Great Britain have named a 23-man squad for the 2017 World Championship in Cortina, Italy, which will be the first ever Winter Olympics qualifying tournament for the GB men's ice hockey team.
A new TV station set up by the government to provide a "community-based" news and sport channel for south London is in the hands of administrators.
Thousands of people have attended a match in memory of former Togo coach Stephen Keshi, who died on Sunday.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for their actions after a man was arrested following a theft in County Londonderry.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in a "brutal attack" in Salford.
The Russian government has said it has found "no evidence" that the downing of a Russian airliner in Egypt last month killed all 224 people on board was an act of terror.
Juventus have signed Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Four internet of things (IoT) devices have been found to be vulnerable to hacking by security researchers.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of war crimes for the first time.
Malala Yousafzai, who was shot in the head by the Taliban, is one of the most famous girls in the world for campaigning for education.
Chelsea's Premier League champions have been given a special send-off as they celebrated their title win with a parade.
Lewis Hamilton took a dominant victory in the Mexican Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second to move within two points of world champion Lewis Hamilton.
The High Court is about to hear a case that could have a big impact on the lives of millions of British citizens living abroad.
The introduction of the National Living Wage was hailed as a success by the government but some companies are using it as an excuse to cut pay and benefits.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of inciting violence and has been sentenced to two months in prison.
Hays, the City investment bank, has said it is "too early to tell" what the UK's vote to leave the European Union will mean for its business.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to its Android mobile browser, allowing users to block ads from websites without having to install them on their phones.
US consumer confidence fell in March for the first time in three months, according to a closely watched survey, as consumers became more pessimistic about the economic outlook.
Two brothers who tortured and sexually abused two young boys in a "prolonged" attack have been granted lifelong anonymity.
More than 50 people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse offences following a police campaign to tackle domestic abuse during England's Euro 2016 campaign.
A charity is calling on people to use healthier transport to save £1.5m a year by using a bicycle or walking to work.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences including possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and possession of an offensive weapon in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he will not rush Jacob Butterfield and Jacob Olsson back into action ahead of the new season after they were ruled out of Saturday's Championship opener against Brighton.
Kyle Edmund will lead Great Britain in the Davis Cup against Serbia on Friday when they begin their three-match series in Newport, Rhode Island.
Sam Tomkins says he would not rule out a return to Wigan Warriors in the future, despite his move to the NRL.
Wigan Warriors moved to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC with a thumping victory over Salford Red Devils, who remain in the relegation play-off places.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has said she has been inspired by the response of her pupils to her decision to leave her job at a Belfast school.
Scientists have discovered the mechanism behind the spectacular arches and other natural formations in sandstone that form in the Earth's rocks.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season for parts of Scotland as Storm Abigail approaches the country.
The use of whole brain radiotherapy for lung cancer has been ruled out by doctors in the Lancet, the medical journal of the British Medical Association.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for the second time in three years.
Scottish boxer Liam Taylor says he would win his next fight if he faced Ricky Burns in Edinburgh next month but is not rushing into a world title fight.
Aberdeen have signed striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and residents of a town in the country's eastern province of Eastern Province have continued for a third day, with reports of heavy fighting.
Turkey has launched a fresh offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in northern Syria, shelling the group's positions in the town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will make decisions about the party's future in Scotland "here in Scotland and they will be made by me".
A woman has found the final piece of treasure in a treasure hunt which saw five items, including a golden train and a golden shell, hidden in a city centre.
The family of a soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks have asked a coroner to order her body to be exhumed ahead of an inquest into her death.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of Paige Doherty, who was found dead in woodland in West Lothian last month.
A new search and rescue helicopter base has been launched in south Wales, with its first call-out being to a man stuck in mud.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has said the Irish Boxing Association is "deeply divided" and its funding could be at risk following a row over team selection.
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for airstrikes to be used against the group.
Warwickshire's Chris Trott hit his second Championship century of the season as they beat Essex by eight wickets to set up a One-Day Cup semi-final against Somerset.
Haiti's interim President, Jean-Louis Privert, has been sacked by the country's parliament after less than a month in office, the Senate has announced.
The second flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean has been recovered from the sea off the coast of Egypt, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will not succeed in its fight against terrorism if it acts in isolation, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the government's decision to charge discrimination claimants £1,200 to get a hearing in England and Wales was unlawful.
A goalkeeper for Iran's national football team has been suspended for six months after his choice of trousers caused a stir in the country.
Lindsey Vonn won her third World Cup super-G title of the season with victory in the Austrian resort of Zauchensee on Sunday.
Firefighters have issued safety advice on hoverboards and other devices on charge after two fires in London in the space of a month.
Scotland and Ireland will begin their World Twenty20 campaigns in India on Tuesday, as England and Sri Lanka begin their campaigns in the men's competition.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website, with highlights later on BBC Two.
A hotel owner has been fined after a guest fell from a balcony while on holiday and broke his hand.
Former business secretary Sir Vince Cable has said he is "disappointed" that the government has not yet been able to get the political will to give vocational education the same status as university degrees.
A council has agreed to keep a swimming pool open for a year after a campaign to close it was dropped.
The family of a man who was murdered nine years ago have said they have been "completely let down" by the justice system after learning that his killer will be released from prison in nine years.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported a drop in sales in its Scotch whisky business, but a rise in sales of its American whiskey.
More than 2,000 people have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for the return of residents of the Chagos Islands to the islands they were forced to leave.
Casey Affleck says he was "honoured" to play a character in Manchester by the Sea, a film starring Matt Damon, and that he was not expecting to be asked to play the part by Matt Damon.
Somali naval forces have freed the crew of a tanker seized by pirates off the coast of Puntland, the region's maritime police force says.
A Muslim family has been placed in charge of a girl in foster care in London, after the girl's mother was found to be a foster carer who was not Muslim.
The brother of a man killed in a fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry has said it shows "total disrespect" for the victims of Bloody Sunday.
A street where drivers were fined thousands of pounds for breaking traffic restrictions which were scrapped in 2014 is to be reopened to the public.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here, the German mapping technology firm.
A positive outlook on life may be linked to a lower death risk, say researchers at Harvard University.
Highlands and Islands Airline has announced it is to launch new flights between Durham Tees Valley and Aberdeen.
A man accused of killing five people at a Florida airport on Friday has been charged with murder, the US Department of Justice says.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in nearly four years in the final three months of 2014, but the pace of expansion has picked up in the last three months, according to official figures.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey (BGS) and University College London have revealed the huge amount of water hidden under Africa's soil in underground aquifers.
Charlton recorded their first win in five games as they came from behind to beat 10-man Bolton and move into the League One play-off places.
Glasgow Warriors have signed two new long-term contracts with forwards Alex Rae and Sohrab Bhatti.
Ireland have been hit by a further injury blow with Johnny Sexton and Rob Kearney ruled out of the three-Test tour of South Africa.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales, with roads and bridges closed and roads blocked in some areas.
The Wimbledon Championships are the world's biggest tennis tournament and it's the biggest event in the sport.
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Ayrshire.
The UK's cities face "significant economic challenges" as the country leaves the European Union, according to a new study.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a village in southern Italy as a wildfire rages on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius, amid a drought and heavy rain.
The first woman to be appointed as a bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed at a service in the city.
President: Alassane Ouattara.
"We're in a digital age, and events are the next frontier," says Cvent founder and chief executive Anand Aggarwal.
Ospreys maintained their 100% record in the Welsh derby with a comfortable victory over Newport Gwent Dragons in a match played on a muddy pitch at Rodney Parade.
The news that Zica, the Indian car maker, has decided to change its name to Zica Zica has caused a stir in the country.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India, as part of a restructuring plan, and will close its plant in the country.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham on a free transfer.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship, despite the striker's recent form.
A man has been found guilty of the murder of a soldier who was beaten to death outside a bar in Powys in May.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited a market in south London's Brixton area, where they spent a "brixton pound" on mangoes.
Hundreds of whales stranded on a beach in New Zealand have been refloated by rescuers trying to save the last of the stranded animals.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to give the team a chance of a positive reaction when they face Slovenia in their World Cup qualifier on Sunday.
Surrey moved up to second in the County Championship table with a narrow victory over Warwickshire at The Oval, despite a valiant second-innings fightback by the Bears.
Three British teenagers arrested on their return to the UK after travelling to Turkey on a terror-related trip have been released without charge.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by inspectors, despite being rated "good" by the police watchdog.
The government is considering taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about extremism, the BBC understands.
Morocco international forward Mohamed Belhanda has joined Turkish side Galatasaray from Dynamo Kiev on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was jailed for five months for sending an "offensive" tweet to an airport has launched an appeal against his conviction.
How many companies have you ever wondered if you could run your company without a boss?
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after a series of failures forced passengers to run out on to the wing and leap onto the ground, an accident report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
More than 60 patients have suffered "unusual discomfort" after surgery in a mobile operating theatre at a hospital in Wrexham.
A court in Germany has begun hearing the trial of eight people accused of being part of a group that carried out bomb attacks against asylum seekers and left-wing groups.
The Welsh Secretary has said the public did not recognise the impact of EU funding on Wales' economy, despite the country voting to leave the EU.
Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi was the only man convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103, which brought down the airliner over the Scottish town of Lockerbie.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian and Roman artefacts in Iraq in what is believed to be the first such attack by the group.
Flooding has caused havoc across the UK, with thousands of homes and businesses being flooded and thousands of cars and cars washed away.
Talk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of March, as the company continues to pay the cost of last year's cyber attack.
Heineken has been told to submit plans to reduce competition concerns over its £1.3bn takeover of Punch Taverns, after the competition watchdog raised concerns about the deal.
A £1m research centre has opened in Aberdeen to help develop new technology for the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj will be out for up to six weeks after suffering an ankle injury.
Two men involved in a major drugs operation that involved the supply of more than 4,000 Class A tablets, including cocaine and 2,700 doses of DPP, have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court.
BBC News School Report is a BBC-wide project which invites 11 to 16-year-olds to report on the news from their schools.
An Iron Age fort in Powys has been uncovered by archaeologists, providing a new insight into life in the past.
Police are investigating whether a gun used in an attack on a police car in west Belfast was used in a dissident republican attack.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to Parliament to protest against the closure of Kids Company, a youth charity which provided support for some of the most deprived children and young people in the UK.
President: Filipe Nyusi.
Bristol City Council has been accused of "wasting millions" on a "one-sided bargain" deal to subsidise a park-and-ride service which could cost taxpayers up to £6m.
Up to 200,000 children could be left in poverty under new welfare changes that will affect families with more than two children, say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs to be overhauled to help the economy cope with the challenges posed by technological change, a think tank has said.
A US judge has sentenced an al-Qaeda militant to life in prison in New York after he was convicted of involvement in a plot to bomb US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris has joined Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station is not only the biggest single investment in British infrastructure since the 1980s, it is also the biggest project in the history of the UK's energy sector.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales Under-19 cricketer who died on Saturday.
The United States has confirmed that it has killed Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of al-Qaeda in Iraq, in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have signed midfielder Luke Murphy on a two-year deal after he was released by Championship rivals Bolton Wanderers.
Doncaster Rovers moved into the League One play-off places as goals from Liam Williams and Joe Bryan saw off Doncaster Roasters.
Former Nottingham Forest striker Kevin Collymore has withdrawn from the running of the Championship club.
Widnes Vikings say they are happy to continue using an artificial pitch after players suffered injuries on Saturday's Super League match against Warrington.
A public meeting is being held to discuss plans to turn Keynsham town centre into a "city centre" as part of a £100m plan to save the council £2.6m.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy from Northland for the 2017-18 season.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of fraud after he was accused of using a banner bearing a Hillsborough memorial banner to try to raise money for a charity.
Probation officers in England and Wales have criticised the way they enforce unpaid work given to offenders, saying they are "not good enough".
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in Tuesday's second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington.
Adele's new single Hello has become the most-streamed song of the year, and is on course to become the first to top the UK singles chart in a single week.
Police have said they have made a fresh appeal for information about a missing man from the Greenburn area of Aberdeenshire.
Teaching assistants in Durham have held a rally to mark the first anniversary of a strike by union members over pay.
The general election offers an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland, the Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said.
The melting of Arctic sea ice is reaching an unprecedented level, scientists say, and the impact on the region's weather could be felt across Europe.
A Muslim man who married a man of the same sex has said he has received death threats since his wedding, but has received "amazing" support from his online followers.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the County Championship final after beating Surrey to reach the final of the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
An app that allows people to "walk" through the fictional town of Llandudno in the Alice in Wonderland story has been launched.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus and a lorry were involved in a crash on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two councils have accused the government of "shaming" them by proposing "modest" road improvements on the A1 in West Sussex.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa president Michel Platini have been banned from football for eight years after being found guilty of breaking the sport's ethics code.
A "square" Neolithic megalithic circle has been discovered inside a huge stone circle in Wiltshire, archaeologists have said.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Goalkeeper Adam Bowns says Cardiff Devils can still win a trophy this season despite their Challenge Cup exit.
A boy who was left "72% disabled" after being given a flu vaccine has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend following the deaths of five men who drowned in the sea at the beach.
Police have issued a warning about the Halloween "clown" craze after receiving reports of people dressing up as the creatures lurking in gardens and jumping from trees.
A former IRA man who was jailed for murder in the 1970s is challenging a request by the police to obtain tapes of interviews he gave to a US university.
Cardiff City midfielder Efe Ambrose is set to return to training this week after being treated for malaria.
Wolves moved into the League One play-off places with a win over Cambridge United, who missed the chance to move into the top six.
UKIP MEP Neil Gill says he's been criticised by some in his own party for the way he has handled the selection of assembly election candidates in Wales.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash involving two vehicles in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
The UK's wet weather has been bad for some of the UK's most vulnerable insects, according to a conservation charity.
The decision to take military action in Syria is a huge step for the UK, for the country and for David Cameron.
A gunman has opened fire outside a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding at least eight people, three of them seriously, police say.
Sony has confirmed that its Reader e-book reader will not be replaced, as the company continues to lose ground to Amazon's Kindle and other e-books.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors placed at a holy site in Jerusalem after days of protests over the installation of the devices.
A summit on flooding in Wales is being held in Cardiff on Monday to discuss ways to improve the country's resilience to the threat from the weather.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are five teams in the Premier League title race who can win the title this season.
A police dog that attacked a man in Cumbria has been put down after it bit him, the force has said.
A chatbot called Eugene has passed the "Turing Test" for the first time, after being tricked into thinking it was a human during a five-minute conversation with a hidden human control group.
Six Scottish swimmers have been selected for the 2016 Olympics in Rio after qualifying in time for the trials.
Egypt's Ahmed El Shehaby was booed off the Olympic stage after refusing to shake the hand of his opponent, Egypt's Omar Sasson, during their men's -57kg judo final.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved four points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a superb first-half display against Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is the largest country on the African continent and one of the most densely populated.
Scientists in Japan have developed a way to detect the protein that is key to Alzheimer's disease in living brain tissue.
Johanna Konta says she is not bothered by being tipped as the favourite to win Wimbledon for the first time in 40 years.
The roll-out of smart meters in the UK has been delayed for a third time.
The assembly has rejected a motion calling for a review of on-street parking arrangements in Northern Ireland, which would have seen fines for non-payment of parking fines cut from £90 to £45.
A 2010 "dossier" alleging a culture of bullying in the Conservative Party was known about for a long time before the party's bullying scandal, a former activist has said.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the coast of Anglesey.
St Ronan's College won the All-Ireland secondary school football semi-final against St Mary's Magherafelt at the Dub on Saturday.
Two high-resolution Earth-observing cameras have been successfully installed on the International Space Station (ISS).
A schoolboy from a village in India's northern Uttar Pradesh state has become the country's top scorer in the school exams for the secondary school class 10th grade.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols is needed after three fishermen died when their crab boat sank, a report has said.
Satellite images from space have revealed the locations of more than 1,000 ancient pyramids in Egypt, according to a new study.
A woman whose body was found in a house has been named by police.
The final episode of BBC One's hit romantic comedy Miranda has been watched by more than 7m viewers, the final episode has been said to have been the most-watched of the year.
Apple's big event last week was the first time we got a full rundown of the tech that would be part of the next generation of iPhones, iPads and iPhones.
A Scottish salt firm has signed a major supermarket deal after securing a contract to sell its product in Sainbury's stores.
"What time does your website close?" and "Can I exercise my kestrel on your tip?" are among the most common customer service queries made to councils in England and Wales, according to the Local Government Association.
A mystery surrounds the origins of a painting of the coronation of King Charles II that has been in a County Durham park for more than 150 years.
A campaign group has said it is "appalled" after a planning inspector approved a McDonald's restaurant in a Gloucestershire village.
A mental health doctor has criticised a police decision to stop detaining mentally ill people in custody and instead take them to A&E departments.
Tiger Woods says he is still aiming for a return to the top of golf, despite having considered retirement.
It is a day when the European Cup final will be played in Cardiff for the first time since 1975.
The NBA is to launch an e-sports league that will feature teams that will be made up of players who play the NBA 2K video game.
Prime Minister Theresa May has refused to say whether she knew about a misfire of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system before a key vote on its renewal, the BBC has learned.
It is a list of sporting achievements that is as long and as rich as it is short: a first Olympic gold medal, and then a second, from the same man, just hours later.
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City midfielder Scott Sinclair on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.
Britain's Chris Froome won his third Criterium du Dauphine title in four years as he held off a strong challenge to win the race in France.
Joe Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends and road manager, has died at the age of 83.
Shares in airline companies were among the biggest fallers on the London market on Monday, with Easyjet and IAG among the big losers.
One of the last flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing just days before it was due to take part in an air show display.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl from her home and sexually assaulting her.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen for the first time in five years, official figures show.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has questioned Tottenham's "expectations" after the club failed to sign any new players this summer.
The Rolling Stones, Sir Elton John and Kylie Minogue are among the biggest names in the world of music, but how much would it cost to book them to perform live?
Microsoft has announced a new collection of Halo games for the Xbox One, its first major games event since the console was launched in 2012.
Tributes have been paid to the singer-songwriter and musician, Sinead O'Connor, who has died at the age of 35.
The Home Secretary Theresa May should ban two US anti-Islam activists from the UK, a senior Labour MP has said, amid concerns they will attend an event by the English Defence League (EDL).
US President Barack Obama has said he told Donald Trump to use his presidency to "send signals of unity" to minority groups, after the bitter US election campaign.
At least 40 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a passenger train derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, police say.
Glamorgan have announced their 2017 T20 Blast fixtures for the first time, with the team playing seven home games in the competition.
Former TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
A police officer who was caught up in the crush that killed two students at a nightclub has told an inquest he was dragged under a crowd of people.
A woman was raped and her child was left in a "distressed state" after being kidnapped and forced into a car with two men who drove them for hours, police have said.
Former world champion Jimmy Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after suffering from Crohn's disease during his first-round defeat by John Higgins in the UK Championship.
A woman who became an "inspirational" campaigner for brain cancer research after being diagnosed with a Grade 3 tumour has died.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Wednesday, following a mixed performance on Wall Street, as investors digested the European Central Bank's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
A sinkhole has opened up in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo, just days before a World Cup match.
Cardiff City's winless run in the Championship extended to seven games as they were held to a draw at Brentford.
A top International Ski Federation official has apologised for comparing the Russian doping scandal to the Holocaust, saying he was "not OK" for comparing it to the Nazi Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested at the Machu Picchu tourist site in Peru after being caught taking naked photos and streaking, police say.
Chinese authorities have confirmed that the chemicals that caused the explosions in Tianjin on Friday were toxic, and that the number of people killed and injured in the blasts could rise to at least 1,000.
Unqualified teachers are being used in schools in England to cut costs, the NASUWT teachers' union says.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows in Edinburgh.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will use his "determined" leadership of Labour to help the party win the next election.
Europe's modern-day people owe around half their ancestry to a population that arrived in the region about 5,000 years ago, according to new research.
A shop owner has said she is considering changing the name of her shop after receiving death threats because of its links to the militant Islamist group Isis.
Police Scotland has been contacted by another former pupil at Gordonstoun School in Edinburgh about a historical matter at the school.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will commit to a "clear plan" for rail renationalisation if he wins the party's leadership.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was groomed by a teacher and taken to France by him has spoken out about the ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of the summer by bringing in France Under-21 midfielder Yannick Carrasco from French side Lille.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest in more than two years in June, official figures show, as food prices continued to rise.
Nigeria's former national team coach Sunday Oliseh says he is happy with the way he has been managing Dutch second-tier side Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are copyrighted... and all images are copyrighted
The fuselage of an RAF Hercules cargo plane has been transported to a museum for the first time in more than 50 years.
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
A huge ice ball has been photographed in the Arctic Circle in Russia.
Guernsey Football Club have been told they must pay the FA Cup's travelling expenses for any replays they play in England if they want to compete in the competition.
A film about the life of Marvel co-creator Stan Lee is to be made by 20th Century Fox, according to reports.
A new cyber security group has been set up in north Wales to help people and businesses keep their homes and businesses safe from cyber attacks.
Hundreds of people have turned out to help rescue dogs that were rescued from a fire at a Greater Manchester animal shelter.
More than half of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu were tested positive for banned substances, according to research published in the World Anti-Doping Agency's (Wada) journal.
Leicestershire batsman James Vince hopes his England T20 international debut in the World Cup qualifiers in Mumbai will help him play in other formats.
A songwriter has been given the chance to use the story of a Scottish lion tamer in his new album after a local woman helped him find his great great grandfather's grave.
The Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been repainted in a new shade of green, its new nameplates have been unveiled.
Saracens have signed England Saxons centre Nick Tompkins from Premiership rivals Northampton Saints on a two-year deal.
The new Avengers film will be called Ultron, director Joss Whedon has revealed at Comic-Con in San Diego, USA.
The sun rises over the rolling hills of Moco-Moco, and a flock of brightly coloured birds flutter from the trees, one by one.
The Scottish SPCA has been criticised after it euthanised a snake that it thought was a deadly snake that had been found on a ship.
A British man has admitted transporting child pornography and paying to have sex with a nine-year-old Mexican boy after being caught in a sting operation in the US.
Wrestling is about to get a big boost in China.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a hot trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio, Texas, in the early hours of Saturday.
A police officer who was seriously injured when he was stabbed in the head during an incident at a house in Wokingham has been awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery.
The maker of Irn Bru, Strathmore bottled water and Rubicon soft drinks has reported a rise in profits, but said the UK consumer environment remains "uncertain".
A man has been shot dead and another wounded by police in Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in the US city.
Madonna's been criticised for using images of Princess Diana with a string around her head to promote her new album, Rebel Heart.
A late Will Grigg strike earned Colchester a draw at Wigan in League One after a thrilling game at the DW Stadium.
Charli XCX has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani and Rhianna.
Apple and Facebook are to offer US employees the option of freezing their eggs, in a bid to help them avoid having to choose between work and family.
Muhammad Ali would have beaten Wladimir Klitschko and Tyson Fury, says former world heavyweight champion Joe Shavers, who fought the man who would later become the greatest boxer of all time.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 0.5% for a fourth month, as it said the economy was "likely to continue to face headwinds" and that any rise in rates would be "relatively slowly".
The 2016 World Series begins on Wednesday night with the Cleveland Indians facing the Chicago Cubs in the best-of-seven best- of-seven series.
Theresa May has unveiled her Queen's Speech, which includes a bill to convert EU laws into UK law, as she opened the new Parliament.
The RSPCA should be separated from its political and commercial roles, an MP has said, amid concerns the animal welfare charity is prosecuting high-profile cases.
Google has published a new interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) on its Maps platform, using photographs taken by astronauts on board the orbiting orbiting laboratory.
More than 1,000 swimmers and kayakers have taken part in a traditional Christmas Day swim in the sea off Tenby, Somerset.
HSBC has appointed the chief executive of Asian insurance giant AIA, Tony Tucker, as its new chairman.
The US will sustain the Paris climate agreement, US envoy John Pershing has said, as he told a UN conference in Morocco that the deal was strong enough to withstand a Trump presidency.
Tom Routledge scored twice as Swansea City beat Charlotte Independence to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
A man has been left trapped in a nightclub for more than 24 hours after being locked in a lift.
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK, after a High Court ruling that it must take action now.
A memorial to honour the lives of police officers killed on duty has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Craig Whyte and David Forsythe scored late goals as Crusaders beat Linfield to move to within two points of Premiership leaders Crusaders.
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive for up to 100 train drivers, creating up to 90 jobs.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" against corruption after US authorities accused him of misusing funds from the state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r rheithgor yn cael ei hadnabod fel ysgol yn Rhagfyr 2014 yn y digwyddiad yn Llandaff yn dilyn yn ôl ysgoliaeth yn yr ysg
German officials say they have evidence of a huge fake paternity racket in which migrants from war-torn countries claim to be the fathers of children born in Germany.
Fines for data breaches in the UK are set to rise by more than a third in the next year, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
The Shroud of Turin, a medieval shroud believed to have been used by the Catholic Church for centuries to depict the crucifixion of Jesus, has gone on display for the first time in more than a decade.
The health secretary has said he will decide later this year whether to consider charging people from outside the UK for using the NHS in Wales.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out a hydrogen bomb test, in what it says is the first test of its hydrogen bomb.
A jury in the trial of former DUP MLA David Ford has been discharged after finding not guilty of child sex abuse charges against him.
The Scottish government has been accused of conducting a "sham consultation" on its named person scheme, a year after it was halted by the Supreme Court.
League One side Rochdale have signed midfielder Jack Browning from Everton on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Aberdeen children who took part in a major study of health in the 1950s are being asked to take part in an international project to study the impact of genes on health.
"I'm afraid to walk down the street at night," says David, who has been living in Paris for the past five years.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, as the S&P 500 and Dow Jones both closed above the 2,000 level for the first time since December.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second quarter sales to 5.3bn euros ($6.4bn; £4.6bn), helped by strong demand in China.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said there is no place for violence in Syria, as the country's ally and regional rival, the US, tries to end the conflict there.
Nintendo has reported a loss for the first quarter of its financial year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS games consoles continued to lag behind demand.
Huddersfield Town moved up to third in the Championship with a late winner at Burton Albion.
A set of double yellow lines that appeared in Cardiff last summer couldn't be faulted in terms of execution - but the location chosen for the markings led to the city council being widely mocked.
A British aid worker who was killed by a Pakistani Taliban group was unlawfully killed, an inquest has concluded.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
A judicial review into plans to install overhead power cables in a Gwynedd forest has been dismissed by the High Court.
China has launched its first internet court, which allows people to resolve disputes via computer and video-chat, state media report.
Samsung C&T, the construction and engineering firm owned by the Samsung Group, has been approved by shareholders to be merged into a new company.
A row over the sale of an ancient Egyptian statue is being fought in court, with Northampton Council's legal team in talks with a descendant of the Marquis of Northampton.
Yorkshire will begin their defence of the County Championship title at home to Essex in the first game of the 2015 season.
A man murdered a friend and dismembered his body and dumped his head and arms in a suitcase before stealing his bank account, a court has heard.
UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives in the assembly, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been charged with inciting public violence and inciting violence after a protest in Moscow on Saturday.
Rangers produced a dominant display to thrash Queen of the South and move into the Scottish Championship's top four.
Uganda has said it will withdraw its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month, ending a four-year military presence in the war-torn country.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of a £5m windfall from the Libor scandal, the government has announced.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records in the Isle of Wight's annual round-the-world yacht race.
Brighton captain Jack Sidwell is hoping to sign a new contract with the club next season after helping them win promotion to the Premier League.
A former health board boss has said she has been forced to move to England because she cannot get the cancer drug she needs in Wales.
Forest Green Rovers' National League title hopes were dealt a blow as a late goal from substitute Joe Disley saw off Grimsby Town.
A giant model of a crystal made from thousands of tennis balls has been unveiled in Vienna, Austria, in a bid to become the world's largest ever model of the structure of a single crystal.
"I think he's a very good man," Kenneth Starr said of Bill Clinton, when asked about Hillary Clinton's chances of beating Donald Trump in the presidential election.
Belfast's transport minister, David Hazzard, has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city from seven to seven hours a day.
The UK has a unique opportunity to be a bridge between the US and Europe, not a wedge, and to be the bridge between America and Europe.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to consider a compromise plan to return to the 2015 elimination system after the controversial introduction of a new system for practice sessions at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
World number three Mark Perry beat Stuart Bingham 6-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the UK Championship.
Russian state TV has been portraying the conflict in eastern Ukraine as a conflict between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian troops, while Ukrainian state media have been more supportive of pro-Kiev protesters and pro-Russia militiamen.
Worcestershire's Joe Leach and Ed Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to help the hosts take control against Leicestershire on day three at Grace Road.
A campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of extremism has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah who was killed by a man who said he was a Muslim convert.
Spotify, the world's biggest music streaming service, has announced a new range of non-music content for its app, aimed at winning over a new audience.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet needs to learn from his mistakes after his error-strewn display against Arsenal, says manager Jurgen Klopp.
David Cameron has been spotted eating Pringles on a budget airline flight - and the internet is abuzz.
A former Royal Navy officer who wrote a children's book about the Falklands War has helped veterans of the conflict record their experiences in the service of the armed forces in a project to help them "feel part of something".
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with a superb performance in the women's Olympic Games with victory in the World Championships.
Donald Trump's campaign for the US Republican presidential nomination has been marked by his authenticity - the businessman has said he will not accept any money from foreign governments and will not be intimidated by the "political correctness" of his opponents.
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended its decision to allow its Welsh assembly member to remain in her post despite claims she has been "abrasive" to members.
Australian investigators have begun examining the cause of a plane crash in Melbourne that killed five people, saying they will not speculate on the pilot's history or previous safety checks.
A former Nazi SS soldier who was sentenced to life in prison for killing three Dutch Jews in World War Two has been released from prison in Germany after a medical expert said he was fit to serve his sentence.
A Palestinian woman who was seriously injured in a firebombing in the West Bank that killed her toddler son and her husband is to be buried on Wednesday, her family says.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he is stepping down after a year in power.
People are increasingly seeking loans to buy a house, a car or a flat, to help them pay off their debts, a survey suggests.
Two men have been injured after being attacked by a gang of men who broke into a house in the west end of Glasgow.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale and there is "no value" for the striker, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
The Scottish government has said it will offer all the support it can to help save the Arches nightclub and arts venue in Glasgow.
Lonmin has said it will raise $1.2bn (£872m) in a rights issue to help fund its debt-ridden business, as its shares jumped sharply after it announced the price at which it would sell shares.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who has been missing for more than a month has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Cornish Pirates have signed back-row forward Alex Davies on a one-year deal for next season.
Work to repair a Grade II-listed railway station is due to start on Monday.
Torquay United secured their place in the National League for next season with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby at Plainmoor.
The Foreign Office has rejected a petition calling for a second EU referendum to be held if the turnout in the referendum was less than 75% and there was a vote for Brexit.
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his minimum sentence reduced by the Court of Session after his lawyers argued that it was "excessive" and "inappropriate".
A group of voters have launched a legal challenge to the re-election of a mayor of a borough in east London, alleging he was "bribed" to win the election.
A prize for the funniest children's books is to be revived after a "phenomenal" run, the Roald Dahl literary estate has announced.
Somalia's youngest minister has been shot dead by security forces in a "friendly fire" accident, officials say, killing a rising star in the country's politics.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them win the Premier League title.
Police believe they may have found the body of a man in a park in Vietnam after a man's body was found in a car park on Christmas Eve, an inquest has heard.
The BBC has learned that the BBC is to broadcast live from the BBC World Service.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after being arrested in Berkshire.
Canada has launched an inquiry into the deaths of more than 1,000 indigenous women and girls since the 1970s.
A Kuwaiti man held at Guantanamo Bay has been released from the US military prison, the first detainee to be freed in more than a year.
A new NHS breast implant registry is to be launched in England to help trace patients who have had the procedure and monitor their safety.
A robot patrolling a building in San Francisco has been left for dead after being hit by a car.
A 15-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a man who allegedly grabbed her by the neck as she walked home from a night out in Bristol.
It's an ambition that many children have - to become a video game maker.
G Gorka Izagirre won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia as he held off a late attack from Bob Jungels to win a sprint finish and take the overall lead.
The UK is enjoying a tourism boom, with a surge in international visitors from around the world.
The Irish foreign minister has said the government is in talks with the Egyptian government about the case of an Irishman who has been charged with terrorism offences.
A flower shop has said it is being targeted by scammers who are pretending to be TalkTalk staff.
A bill to stop rape victims being humiliated by lawyers asking them about their sexual history in court is to be introduced by an MP.
Rangers assistant manager David Durrant has left the club after only one season in charge of the first team.
Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League One play-off final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday, 3 September.
Cornish Reds head coach Chris Churcher says his side's front row were the reason for their win over Chinnor on Saturday.
It has been a great experience for me to be involved with Melbourne City and winning the Australian Women's Grand Final was one of the best feelings I've had in my career.
UKIP has confirmed that one of its candidates for the party's leadership will stand in the general election.
British number one Johanna Konta has been added to the field for the Aegon International in Nottingham next month.
A painting believed to be a van Gogh by the artist has been removed from a cafe in London after a leading van Govster expert claimed it was not by the Dutch artist.
An exhibition of rare animal paintings and sculptures has opened at Windsor Castle to mark the 150th anniversary of the opening of the Royal Collection.
The European Space Agency has announced that its planned 2018 launch date for the ExoMars rover mission has been pushed back to 2020.
Katie O'Connell has been inundated with messages of support from around the world after she fell and broke her leg during a marathon.
A century from wicketkeeper-batsman Ben Davies helped Surrey beat Yorkshire by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup quarter-final at Lord's.
Paris's St Pauline railway station has reopened after being closed for several hours following an operation by French police.
Scientists in Japan have created a 3D imaging system that can reveal the location of cancerous tissue by fluorescing it.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai as heavy rains continue to cause flooding.
The US presidential race is a battlefield, and the battle for the Democratic nomination is heating up.
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 20 injured in a bomb explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, an MP has said, after a homemade device was left behind by a vigilante group fighting Boko Haram.
The final few weeks of Parliament will be crucial in the run-up to the general election on 8 May.
A pair of pixelated, chaotic buildings, with a giant, chaotic spiral staircase rising up out of the ground, may seem like a piece of architecture that would be hard to miss.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster.
Facebook and Microsoft are teaming up with Spanish telecommunications firm Telefonica to build a high-speed cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham with her granddaughter Princess Anne, a day after missing the Christmas Day service.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia to meet his son, who has been granted asylum in the country.
Scientists have successfully implanted a tiny wireless device into a rabbit's chest, using electromagnetic waves to transfer power.
Castleford Tigers have signed Hull FC half-back Matty Sneyd on a two-year deal.
A car has been involved in a crash on the M74 in Dumfries and Galloway after a car was hit by a lorry in freak hail.
Cuba has condemned US President Donald Trump's new policy on Cuba, saying it will "toughen" the US trade embargo.
An outbreak of measles has been declared a "major health concern" in south west Wales after a further 20 cases were confirmed in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot.
A plane has crashed in a river in Taiwan, killing at least 22 people and injuring 15, officials say.
Two new species of magnolias have been discovered in Mexico after being discovered on an online encyclopaedia of flora and fauna.
Carers who work with children in nurseries and primary schools in Wales should be valued and given more recognition, under a new plan.
An astronaut has played a bagpipes tune on board the International Space Station while he was on board.
Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" in the team despite only playing in one of the club's first four Premier League games of the season, says manager Roberto Mancini.
Manchester City midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as the Women's Continental Cup quarter-final first leg against Brondby ended in a goalless draw.
A Falkirk couple have become Scotland's biggest lottery winner after they won £56m on the Euromillions draw.
It's been a week since a series of attacks took place in Brussels, the capital of Belgium.
A former Soviet army officer has been charged with terrorism offences after being extradited from Afghanistan and arrested in the US.
Perth City Council has said it is "significantly" reconsidering its decision to back a hotel bid for the city's former concert hall.
Northern Ireland's qualification for Euro 2016 has been a "remarkable achievement" for the country, according to performance analyst David Macphee.
Badger culling groups are being offered funding to help fund the vaccination of up to 1,000 badgers in areas of England where bovine TB is currently high in incidence.
The use of urinary catheters in hospital is "easy money" and a major source of infection, a leading urology expert has warned.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's squad for Saturday's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon in Lagos because of a knock.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez, saying it will take "appropriate measures" after the company behind them was accused of "irresponsible" behaviour.
A councillor who posted an anti-Irish tweet on his Twitter account is to be investigated by the Judicial Office after it emerged he was being investigated by police.
A report into an incident of racial abuse involving medical students at Cardiff University has highlighted "specific and overarching issues" that the university needs to address.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has visited the Auschwitz concentration camp as part of a trip to Poland to mark the 70th anniversary of the Holocaust.
A man has died following a crash in Gwynedd.
Formula 1's strategy group has made a series of decisions that will have a profound impact on the sport in 2017, and it is time to start looking forward to the next two years of the sport.
A Londonderry shopkeeper has said his shop has been badly damaged after a car was stolen from his premises in the city.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at his home in Glasgow.
The ejector seats on the jet that crashed in Brighton, killing 11 people, were not updated after it was retired from military service, investigators have said.
They said it was a "disgrace" and "a disgrace" and they were right.
An exhibition of old photographs of children playing in Liverpool's streets has been unveiled to mark the city's centenary.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £3.5m to help fund a new cancer research centre.
Great Britain's David Hawkins finished third as Kenya's Geoffrey Korir won the World Indoor Championships 10,000m title in Edinburgh.
A fire has destroyed a Grade II-listed mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway.
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says Paul Lambert's arrival as manager has brought a new "plan" to the team and has improved their defensive performance.
The demolition of the former Foyle factory in Craigavon, County Armagh, has been completed.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before stealing his body to sell it to fund his burglary has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits, blaming a "disruption" caused by a switch over to a new gaming system and a "challenging" trading environment.
A reunion is being held to mark 20 years since the closure of the town's only airport.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine in the early hours of the morning.
A boy's toy lion has been returned to his home after a National Trust caretaker sent it back to him in a box of stickers.
The idea that World War One soldiers spent most of their time fighting on the front line is "not correct", research has suggested.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called on political parties to use sign language on the campaign trail in the upcoming assembly election.
Scientists are attempting to map the wiring of the brain in the womb, using advanced imaging techniques to study the development of the developing human brain.
Wayne Rooney should remain in the England squad despite his poor Euro 2016 display, says former captain Frank Lampard.
A man has said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury when a car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
Germany's leaders are looking forward to David Cameron's visit to Berlin this week.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found dead in a house have said they are "completely devastated" by her death.
Bolivia has passed a law allowing 12-year-olds to work in some professions, in defiance of international law which says children under the age of 15 should not work.
Demolition of a former hospital in Gwynedd has been delayed because of a row over seagulls.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Wednesday, with mining companies leading the way after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates.
Former Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student support funding in Scotland.
SeaWorld San Diego has been given permission to expand its orca park in California, but only if it does not bring in any new killer whales from the wild.
A late winner in the Championship, a late winner for the bottom two and a £300 bar for fans who travelled more than 1,000 miles for a festive treat.
Derbyshire have released all three of their overseas players, including Liam Milnes, Liam Lewis and Liam McKay, after their contracts expired.
The number of people trying to buy a home in the UK has slowed down, according to a survey of chartered surveyors.
A row over a tweet by a Conservative AM about the M4 relief road has been reignited after a Senedd group leader was accused of "tittle-tattle" on Twitter.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence as the first British soldier to die in the country since the start of the war in 2001.
Twitter is going to make it easier to see what you've been doing while you're offline.
It was a night of extraordinary drama, a night that will live long in the memory at Anfield, a match that will be remembered for its extraordinary drama and its extraordinary football.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme song for the new James Bond film Spectre after a customer placed a £15,000 bet on the band.
The SDLP's Naomi Long has said she will take the High Court to court over the decision by the Northern Ireland Secretary to approve the controversial controversial 'no-build' policy on housing developments.
Two major industrial estates in Southampton have been sold to a port operator.
Russian middle-distance runner Yuliya Chernova's backdated ban for doping should be extended to the whole of her career, says former Olympic champion Michele Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is to recruit its first female choristers in more than 500 years.
Great Britain's women suffered a 3-2 defeat by North Korea in overtime in their opening game at the World Championship in Canada.
As the BBC's James Reynolds reports from Haiti, the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew continues to be felt in the country, with the devastation still being felt more than a week after the storm made landfall.
Skyscanner has reported a sharp rise in revenues and visitors to its website, helped by a rise in bookings on its mobile app.
The first all-new car factory in the Midlands for more than a decade has opened, bringing to an end the long-running black cab industry's longest-running production line.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the role of the UN in Africa, and why it is so important for the continent to have a voice in the world's most powerful body.
The value of the pound fell sharply against the dollar on Thursday after the EU referendum result was announced, with the pound down more than 2% against the US currency.
A new distillery in the Scottish Borders is to open its doors to the public with the launch of a new range of Scotch whisky.
CBBC is to launch a new version of BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show, which will be broadcast on Friday evenings, the BBC has announced.
More than 10,000 people die every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will not take his foot off the gas after becoming world number one, says Tim Henman, who believes the Briton will be the "dominant force" in tennis for the next two years.
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10-6 in a thrilling final to win the China Open for the first time since 2012.
More than half of school children in the US and most of the UK are sleep deprived, according to a study of more than 1,000 students.
US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has been greeted by US Park Police on horseback on his first day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into an allegation of historical child abuse by a scout who worked at the club in the 1980s.
Plans for hundreds of new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to the council.
Newcastle United defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse could face a penalty for spitting at each other.
A 19-year-old man who died after being injured at a house party in south-west London suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital by police, police have said.
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett says he is delighted to have made his first start for manager Neil Warnock's side.
ScotRail has rejected claims by the RMT union that the company which runs the railways in Scotland is "swapping profits for safety".
Ireland women's all-time leading one-day international run scorer Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket after her side's final match of the season, a defeat by South Africa.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been criticised for his recent decisions by both West Ham and Manchester United.
The number of child sex abuse cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has risen for the first time in five years, figures from the Office for National Statistics show.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four of Wales' seven health boards are facing a combined deficit of more than £100m, figures have shown.
South African gymnast Cameron MacKenzie has returned to his home country to train with his family after being overlooked for Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, boosted by a better-than-expected jobs report that showed the US economy added more than expected in April.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was involved in making bombs for use in the conflict, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new contract with the club this summer.
The weather could be changing in the UK this week.
A minimum price for alcohol in England should be introduced to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a public health review has said.
Jon Stewart, the host of the US satirical news show The Daily Show, has said his final show on the show, which has been broadcast for 17 years, will be his last.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of payments to farmers and crofters due to be made on Monday, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession for posting sexual content on Facebook over the past three years.
Nintendo has defended its new Switch console after thousands of customers reported seeing dead pixels on the screen.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the second time in as many months on Saturday, when the Northern Ireland boxer attempts to become the first man to win two world titles in the same year.
A controversial bus lane in Lancashire city centre will remain in place for the rest of the year, the county council has announced.
Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten century as Hampshire fought back against Somerset on day one of their Division Two match at Taunton.
A British photographer has been working in Saudi Arabia for the past year, and has been inspired by the country's use of neon to create a series of pictures of the country.
A project has identified more than 1,000 malicious web browser add-ons that are being used to steal data from people's computers, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has no desire to lead the campaign to become a republic, saying the timing of a referendum should not be rushed.
Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for Newcastle as Steve McClaren's side beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Olympic boxing is a sport where the path to success can be a long one.
The general election campaign is in full swing, and the battle for votes is being fought in the most important battlegrounds.
A film about a Tibetan monk who fled to Scotland as a refugee from Tibet and went on to become a Buddhist monk has been premiered in Dumfries.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for social care in England to help the sector.
A cyclist accused of killing a woman by crashing into her while riding a "fixie" bike posted a comment on a forum claiming she "stopped dead" in his path, a court has heard.
A fatal fire in a flat that killed two men may have started in a tumble dryer, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned alcohol for all its personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
There was a certain tension in the air last night, as John Bercow prepared to say goodbye to his deputy, but today will be a much more important day for the Speaker.
YouTube has changed its view limit on the video of Psy's Gangnam Style after it became the most-watched video on the internet.
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of Super League with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers, despite a late comeback from the Tigers.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine using a controversial new IVF technique that combines DNA from two women and a donor.
A hospital trust has been put in special measures after inspectors found "a number of issues" remain unresolved at two of its hospitals.
Salford Red Devils scored a dramatic last-minute drop-goal to beat Hull KR and secure a place in the Qualifiers after extra-time in a thrilling Super League play-off final.
Chilla Khatun, 17, is a student at a Turkish-run school in the Indonesian city of Bali, where she is studying for her A-level exam.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found with serious injuries in a street in Waterford city.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship after losing to Nottingham Forest and Birmingham City, who both won on the final day of the season.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to try new foods than their peers, according to a survey by the School Food Trust.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A ship's captain who was arrested for being drunk on board a container ship in Belfast Harbour has been fined for the offence.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens is the frontrunner in the race to lead the International Monetary Fund (IMF), but his lack of political experience could make him a difficult candidate to win the job.
A chronology of key events:..
Cambridge and Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two as the visitors' automatic promotion hopes suffered a blow.
Star Wars actor Warwick Davis has said his caravan has been stolen, even though it was locked with a hitch and wheel lock.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a dinner in Edinburgh later this month, it has been announced.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that a ban on the wearing of face veils in public in Belgium was "justifiable in principle".
A Celtic fan accused of displaying an offensive banner at the Scottish Cup final against Rangers has appeared in court.
A supermarket worker who was accused of assaulting a woman with a packet of bacon in Altrincham, Greater Manchester, has been filmed hitting the woman over the head with the packet.
When a woman in Bolivia's capital, La Paz, found a black ball in a rubbish bin, she took it to the local cinema and handed it to a technician, Maria Cappa, who found it to be a film.
The Federal Reserve's latest statement on interest rates was widely expected, but the fact that it didn't raise them at all is a surprise.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has been cleared to stand as the party's general election candidate in the Isle of Man by his own party.
How do you get your house in order?
Fans of Flappy Bird have expressed relief that the game, which involves a bird that can only fly if it hits an obstacle, has been taken down.
Dozens of plastic bags have been placed on the seafront in Brighton to highlight the migrant crisis in Europe.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train young people to help the Queen's staff at official events.
Andy Murray returned to winning ways with a straight-set victory over Canadian Milos Raonic to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
A South African police expert has told the Oscar Pistorius murder trial that he was on his stumps when he hit a toilet door with a cricket bat before he fired the shots that killed his girlfriend.
During World War Two, millions of people in Europe were forced to live in fear and starvation.
