A judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Sterling's wife sued her, saying she targeted wealthy older men with gifts. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision, her lawyer told CNN affiliate KABC. Stviano countered that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts and that she never took advantage of the former Los Angeles Clippers owner.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) The previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip.
A U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland. A year ago, a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC- 135U over the Sea of Okhotsk in the western Pacific.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning. Everyone on board was safely evacuated. Scott, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely. The bus is set to perform at the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday in Arlington, Texas.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia. Winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest. The reason people are seeing an intense red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out the shorter wavelength colors from the sunlight like greens, blues, yellows and purples. As the smoke starts to dissipate, air quality will get better and these fiery sunsets will lose their reddish hue.
A Save the Children spokesman says a ship carrying 550 people capsized off the Libyan coast. The Italian coast guard says it cannot confirm such an incident. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival" He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise. Puerto Rico Port Authority spokesman Efraín Santiago says cleaning staff discovered the deceased passengers after knocking on the cabin's door.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly. ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis since attacking the group's towns last year. Yazidis are of Kurdish descent, and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect. The U.S. estimates that 500,000 Yazidis live in northern Iraq, accounting for less than 1% of the country's population.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media and a Twitter account believed to be associated with the organization. The Pakistani government condemned Monday's attack, calling it an "act of terrorism"
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. He was responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race. Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line on April 15, 2013.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation. The new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots: The Saga of an American Family" Producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patient flown out by rescue helicopter. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment. The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off, with diversions in place. Police said the highway would be closed for a few hours.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off. The US were beaten 3-2 as Williams and Alison Riske were thrashed in the doubles rubber. The doubles defeat means the US are relegated to World Group II.
An FBI agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot. The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains. Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle. The agent's bags and some of his clothing were found at a Residence Inn across the street, but the sniper rifle has not been recovered. The theft happened just a week before Obama made a scheduled trip to Utah earlier this month.
Six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on May 2 and 3 as part of the Jamaican team. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing Jamaica colours. JAAA General Secretary Garth Gayle commented, 'We were extremely pleased that Usain was available for selection and that the world's fastest man will be running for Jamaica'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his trousers. The former Barcelona boss joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match' Bayern booked a place in the Champions League semi-finals.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted. The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong. She said she hadn't spoken up about the abuse until the day she heard he had been caught, and since then had attempted to take her own life.
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year, and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying. They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around and will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7. The squad contains talented young players from a host of Premier League clubs including Jay Dasilva and Ike Ugbo of Chelsea. Arsenal duo Chris Willock and Stephy Mavididi, who is called up for the first time.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace last week. He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened. But the young guard started to blush as he peered at the crowd and realised how many people had seen his slapstick moment. Holidaymaker David Meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside Buckingham Palace on Thursday afternoon. The Guard comprises two detachments, one each for Buckingham Palace and St James's Palace, under the command of the Captain of The Queen's
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sack Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance' The 41-year-old former Inter Milan and Parma right back, capped 25 times by Brazil, angered Massone again after Ceahlao were beaten 2-0 by mid-table FC Botosani on Saturday. He will be replaced by Serbian Vanya Radinovic. The result left the Romanian club 16th in the standings, six points adrift of safety.
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. 'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip. The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia, where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother's insistence, moved to his aunt and uncle's home in their wealthy Los Angeles neighborhood. Jesse learned the news after reading a tag Melissa placed on their dog which indicated a baby was on the way.
Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. As Sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman. But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand. The app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to Uber taxis. Chipotle is not the only franchise hoping to cash in on the lucrative delivery market. Taco Bell recently announced plans to test a delivery service this year, McDonald's 'McDelivery' program is in the planning process and Burger King has launched a pilot program in select markets.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season with no trophies. Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy. Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand and look set to miss out on Champions League qualification for next season. Carragher received a Beacon Award at a ceremony in London on Tuesday night for his community work on Merseyside. The 37-year-old, who played 737 games for Liverpool, has provided coaching in eight schools in deprived areas of Merseysides through his 23 Foundation.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by Napoli. Second-place Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio, who play later on Saturday. They had gone seven matches since their last home win - a 4-2 victory over Inter Milan on November 30. Diego Maradona's former club remained fifth.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler. Boys seemed particularly prone weight gain after being given antibiotics. They were also slightly taller than boys who hadn't been given the drugs.
Ministers refused blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents. Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April last year and January this year, scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year. The total paid out was £203,066, giving an average sum of £92.68. HM Passport Office made a surplus of £42.3 million between April and October last year. In 2013-14, the most recent figures available, managers were handed a total of £1.8 million in bonuses, with the average reward £499 and the highest £3,500.
Nigel Pearson has urged Leicester to ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety in the Barclays Premier League after back-to-back wins. Last week's 3-2 win at West Brom handed them a survival lifeline, although they remain bottom of the table. Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday to improve his side's slim chance of Premier League survival. But after their mini-revival, Pearson wants his side to remain focused on their own jobs. 'Our future is in our own hands and if we go into the last game with that we have given ourselves a realistic chance,' he said.
Javier Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid. Orlando City have a huge Latin-American fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal. United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy. The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining, knowing that time is running out to save themselves. The Argentinian midfielder signed for the Foxes in the summer, leaving Italy after ten years and embarking on a new challenge in England. It remains to be seen if he'll still be in the East Midlands at the start of next season.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state. Those circumstances included bartering sex for services with some patients. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them. The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
A two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge, officials said. The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm. The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps. The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered. The videos were captured over a three- or four-year time period, according to prosecutors. Rebbies admitted to filming several victims, including other juveniles, but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered, police said.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose. The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday at 4pm. Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch. Ozil compared his watch to TV character Michael Knight in the hit action show Knight Rider. The 26-year-old is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading at Wembley on April 18 after five months out through injury. Ray Parlour has backed the England international to be the future of the club.
Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his blood parrot cichlid on camera. The man places his hand into the tank and gently cups the fish with his fingers. The fish begins swimming around the man's fingers and towards the surface as he removes his hand. Mr Giroux massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day.
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with Marc Wilmots' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference. Chris Coleman's side are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden. Wales' comprehensive 3-0 victory in Israel last weekend has seen expectations rise that Chris Coleman’s charges can claim one of the two automatic qualifying spots and make it all the way to the 2016 finals.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, London. The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck. Police have arrested a man, 23, in connection with her death but he has been bailed. Scotland Yard is appealing to anyone who may have had contact with her in the hours before her death to come forward. Miss Santillans worked as a transgender escort in London, Paris and Miami. Police did not confirm whether her profession was central to the investigation but insisted they would do 'everything' to solve the case. On her website she described herself as visiting London from Miami.
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday. Steve Bruce's side are now just two points clear of the relegation zone. The Tigers have six games to save their season including Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United. Bruce is confident he can keep his side in the Premier League. Southampton moved up to fifth in the table ahead of Tottenham and Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week. Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday. Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of Sterling and Ibe with shisha pipes. Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday ahead of their FA Cup semi against Aston Villa.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer. The Colombian striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. United will have to pay £46million to make the loan permanent. Nabil Dirar believes FalCao would have been better off staying at Monaco.
Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 World Cup. Patrick Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad. The former Holland forward was assistant to Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Curacao face Cuba in the next round, on June 8 and 16.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season. Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United. Liverpool are four points behind City in the race for the Champions League.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker was back in London after the international break. Ozil impressed as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. He missed Arsenal's 2-1 win against Newcastle through illness. The German will be expected to start against Liverpool at the weekend. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched. The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record in June. The four-time Olympic champion will attempt to ride the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark. The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Australian Rohan Dennis in February. Tickets to watch Wiggins attempt to break the UCI Hour Record will go on sale to the general public through Sky Tickets from April 19 (10am) price £49, £39 and £29, on line sale only through the Sky Tickets website. The event will be broadcast live on Sky Sports. Wiggins finished his Team Sky career at Paris-Roubaix last Sunday.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on rim of toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport. Airport officials said he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat. But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered. The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help. He received several dozens stitches on his left leg and buttocks. Authorities said they believed the incident was an accident.
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements. Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if City fail to reach the group stages of Europe's top competition. Manuel Pellegrini's side are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading. The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year. The Germany Under-21 international played for Arsenal's development squad as they lost 1-0 to Reading on Monday. 'I am feeling good, I'm feeling better and better,' Gnabries told Arsenal Media.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light. The energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland, or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas. However, Dr Quarterman has acknowledged you 'might possibly have to worry a bit about who is in control' of his satellites.
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School to make changes. The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself. This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard. The Department for Education annulled the whole school's SAT's results. Guffik has been banned from the classroom for at least two years. He was given 28 days in which to appeal against the decision to the High Court.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season. Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize. A new animation shows some of Kane's best goals and celebrations from the season.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The midfielder had 14 months remaining on his current contract. Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. The 24-year-old is the third big player in Brendan Rodgers' squad to agree a contract extension, following on from Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho. Raheem Sterling has rejected a new deal at Liverpool but talks are expected to resume in the summer.
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri have been dating since 2012. The couple married in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius last year. The Danish international has struggled for minutes at Manchester United. He has made just 19 league appearances in five seasons at Old Trafford.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. The full back had a recent spat with the manager Laurent Blanc after he was dropped for the Champions League clash against Chelsea. Dani Alves is being linked with a move to the French champions.
Referee Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday, despite having sent off three players from United and City this season. The 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from United; Tyler Blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by Leicester and Luke Shaw in the 1-1 draw with West Ham. City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31, meaning he is now suspended for the match against Wales in June.
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North on March 27. Northampton winger was left unconscious and had to be taken off on a stretcher. Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident. The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches, after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ‘reckless’ for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the Welsh Lion. But the ban was thrown out, as the appeal lodged by Wasps was up-held. Hughes is now free to return to action immediately, but he is not in the match-day squad for Wasps’ Aviva Premiership trip to London Welsh tomorrow.
Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday. Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham. Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby. melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air. The landmass measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide. It is not believed to be related to the 7.8magnitude earthquake that struck Kathmandu Valley on Saturday, which so far has claimed more than 4,000 lives.
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team. He clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on. What Stokes must not do is try to live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed. He can be feisty and fiery as long as it’s natural but his aggression has to be controlled. England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential. There is an argument here to play the second spinner in Adil Rashid.
England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon. Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. Hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday night. The Manchester City shot stopper is 10 years younger than Buffon and revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the Juventus Stadium. 'I was proud of my first cap, I was proud to represent the Under 21s, and 50 caps at my age is good,' added Hart.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are 'very happy' with Luis Enrique. The 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal. Barca are six games away from winning the La Liga title. Enrique's side comfortably dispatched of Champions League chasing Valencia on Saturday, with goals from Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January. She was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights this year. Granado was booked into Irving County Jail for the second time on Monday, and released after posting a $50,000 bail. It is not known how Granado intends to plead to the second set of charges against her.
The 13 letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at Sotheby's on Wednesday. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. While the letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, the only person who raised a paddle - for $260,000 - was a Sothe by's employee trying to jump start the bidding. The letters had beamed from atop Yankee Stadium near Grand Concourse in the Bronx since 1976.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium. The Yorkshire side are rooted to the bottom of League One. Doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights. So they made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action. Just enough time for the kick off, a goal kick and the final whistle. A must-see video for all football fans. The managers on the touchline during Saturday's goalless draw.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £32million last summer. Arsene Wenger does not know why Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool. Wenger admits Liverpool could have used Sanchez as leverage during negotiations over Luis Suarez's move to the Nou Camp. Wenger has played down talk of a summer move for Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down. 'I felt like they were saying thank you for killing Aaron,' said family friend Kathy Willie.
Federal MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party's website. He accused the Queensland Government of thinking embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence. Mr Katter, who is of Lebanese descent, said he sympathised with Mr Gordon's position. He has since defended the statement, saying he used the term black puppet in light of his personal experiences. The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with some users questioning his terminology. Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week. He announced on Wednesday he will remain in the Queensland parliament as an independent, throwing the Government, which holds a razor-thin majority, into chaos.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23. Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will  win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
X Factor finalist Ella, 19, is face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. This will mark the star's first brand collaboration. The campaign images shows the singer against a blurred and vibrant city background. The partnership between the platinum award-winning artist and the UK's number 1 dry shampoo brand was fused together by the MILES agency. And the international campaign launched with a TV advertising campaign, featuring the singer's latest single, Mirror Man.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show. She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of stealing from her. When a lie detector test revealed he had done the deed, she burst into tears. Jamie, who lives with Dawn and her partner, also called Jamie, was found to be lying after taking the test. He then confessed to taking the money but blamed it on his girlfriend Carol. Dawn was furious, saying she was going to spend the money on a gravestone. She said: 'I feel betrayed, horrible. You try and do a good gesture to people and then you get it thrown in your face'
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event. 'I believe that at the time of the killing Mr Costa's brain was compromised by dementia and when you add to this alcohol that led to a confused state,' he said. The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa's unstable mindset at time of attack can be proven.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport. The four-year-old was frisked by airport security and forced to hand it over. The toy, which fires sponge darts, was deemed a security risk. The boy's father has described the security checks as 'ludicrous'
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico. In the video the beast glides through the water, with rocks on one side and a footpath on the other, as crowds gasp in amazement. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when the attack happened and described how 'the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages, not moving at all' The dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner.
Kevin Pietersen took part in a Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The batsman looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the team photo. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the England set-up. Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open' The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009. The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term - scoring just four Premier League goals. It remains to be seen whether United will exercise the option to keep the frontman or whether he will return to parent club Monaco. Falcaos has been in good goalscoring form for his countrythis week, finding the net three times in two games to equal Colombia’s all-time goalsc scoring record with 24 goals.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. The 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his first club Boca Juniors. Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker. But club president Daniel Angelici has stressed that Tevez must terminate his contract with the Italians first. Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady and still has a shot at European glory. The Argentina international joined Boca's youth academy in 1996 and went on to score 26 league goals in 76 appearances for the club before joining Corinthians in 2005.
Jacob Phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade, a rocky area at the base of the cliff. The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson. Mr Phillips had planned to stay at a friend’s house but he and his friends didn’t have enough money to complete the journey, so decided to trick the driver by ‘dodging’ the fare. Cabbie Dave Sidaway said he would not have left him if he knew where they were. Coroner Andrew Barkley recorded a verdict of accidental death.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley. The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon – rather than Leighton Baines. Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League. Roberto Martinez insisted Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on Saturday.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy. He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday. The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being 'very tall' Police are asking anyone with information that may help to identify this person to call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or to message police online.
Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost a mystery billionaire £400million. It was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period. It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen, with a lounge and 'state room' at the back of the plane. More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck of the vessel, with eight full beds for passengers who prefer to get some shut-eye on flights. The vessel can carry up to 600 passengers, but this version was built for just a single tycoon, although he will be able to fit dozens of guests.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently,' she says.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke. The five former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from Dyke and the FA's England Commission. Only 81 of the 220 Premier League starters in the last round of matches were eligible for England selection - a fairly pitiful 36.8 per cent. The managers add: 'There are many reasons why England has failed to win any major honours since 1966'
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker in the summer. The Frenchman also questioned whether Olivier Giroud can win the Premier League with the Gunners. Arsenal are currently third in the league, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 1-0 in the 'mini derby' Callum Gribbin scored the winner with a delightful free-kick. The result leaves United two points behind leaders Middlesbrough with a game in hand. City have now lost both matches in the Barclays Under 18s Premier League end-of-season play-off series.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night. Then, on April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as her car. She noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents. She is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be' The 31-year-old only identified as Rich, described himself as: 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink,. don't smoke, DON'T do drugs, like travelling, love the outdoors,. sports, fishing, camping blah blah blah' The post continues: '175cm tall, WELL Endowed, own my own property(s) make great money, succesful
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit. But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera, but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it. One of their engineers will now be visiting the site and the camera could be removed completely. Around 300 speed and traffic camera, using old technology, were turned off across the region in March 2013. The owners of the house were not available for comment.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge. Luis played in Brazil’s friendly wins against France and Chile during the international break, but attentions now turn to the Premier League title run-in. Jose Mourinho is refusing to let his league leaders rest on their laurels until the job is done.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color. Other top selling items were a straw hat worn by Leigh that sold for $52,500; the trousers and jacket from a suit worn by Clark Gable as Rhett Butler, selling for $55,000; and a black bonnet worn by both Leigh and Olivia De
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday. He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Munden was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl. He is described as about 5ft 8ins tall, of a heavy build, and has dark hair. Officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving the hospital.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating. With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned, the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000. The historic house will be auctioned on April 30 at the County Ground in Bristol. While some features have been upgraded - the house is double glazed - auctioneers worry the cost of renovations could put developers off.
Neymar and Dani Alves watched El Clasico with Neymar's sister Rafaella. Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals, just by points difference. Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a feisty contest and had to withstand several brutal challenges from the South American rivals. Barcelona return to La Liga on Sunday, taking on Celta Vigo.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February. Muto graduated from Keio University in Tokyo with an economics degree two weeks ago. He has earned 11 caps for his country after signing his first professional contract in 2014, scoring once for the Samurai Blue. The Japan international has scored three goals in four games so far this season.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s. But his complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified, he claims. A retired royal aide, who is now in his 80s, was reportedly interviewed but denied he was involved because he was working for the Queen in Balmoral at the time.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United. John Terry made a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao in the build-up. Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree Terry's challenge should have been stopped during half-time.
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the Belgian club's youth set-up. Arsenal and Barcelona have also been linked with the youngster. The Belgian starlet rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies. City have held discussions with Anderlcht chairman Roger Vanden Stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Debbie, who stepped in to care for the children after social services threatened to take them away, says her daughter's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand. Also claims that Gemma, who is unemployed, stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle. Although Gemma says she did not steal the device, she admits to stealing money and other items from her mother in the past.
