V. Stiviano was ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Sterling's wife sued Stiviana, saying she targeted wealthy older men. Stviano said she never took advantage of the former Clippers owner. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision, her lawyer said.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) The previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam 10,190 miles. Varvar was thought to be an endangered western whale. But her ability to "navigate across open water over tremendously long distances is impressive"
The U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The U.N. Security Council has passed a resolution condemning the incident. The Pentagon and State Department will "file the appropriate petition through diplomatic channels" with Russia.
Hillary Scott, co-lead singer for Lady Antebellum, was on the bus when it caught fire. She and her husband, tour manager and driver were all evacuated safely. The bus was traveling on Interstate 30 near Dallas. Lady Antellum is set to perform at the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday.
The red sunsets are the result of wildfires in Siberia. The smoke from the fires was picked up by atmospheric winds. The winds carried the smoke across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest. As the smoke starts to dissipate, the sunsets will lose their reddish hue.
Italian coast guard says it has not found evidence of capsized boat. Save the Children says it fears 400 migrants could be missing. Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East hoping to make it to Europe. At least 480 migrants have died crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station" He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch. It will deliver more than 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies.
Two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam. Holland America Line says the passengers appear to have died in a murder-suicide. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced. Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly. ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis since attacking the group's towns last year. The Sunni Islamist militant group steamrolled into Iraq's north last summer.
Eight Iranian border guards killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting Monday. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, Iranian state media said. Pakistani media: Jaish Al Adal is an anti-Iranian group that has emerged in Balochistan.
Japan's top military official says his jets have never encountered extraterrestrial UFOs. Gen Nakatani was responding to a query from former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki. Inoki is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. His parents say they understand the "heinousness and brutality of the crimes committed" They say they would support the Justice Department taking the death penalty off the table.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte. The original miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. The remade "Roots" will encounter a new generation of viewers.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter. A 27-year -old woman with arm injuries and six-year old girl with abdominal pain were also being flown out. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in Fed Cup play-off. World No 1 says she is not ready for claycourt season yet. US lost 3-2 as Williams and Alison Riske were thrashed in doubles.
The sniper rifle was stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot overnight. The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains. The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft. The theft happened just a week before President Obama made a scheduled trip to Utah earlier this month.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing Jamaica colours.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday. Pep Guardiola's trousers were on show after he ripped a hole in them. The Bayern boss joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match' Bayern booked a place in the semi-finals of the Champions Cup.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships. She said she kept the abuse a secret for years, but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence. The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong. She has suffered depression since she was 14 and had been hospitalised for self harm and attempted suicide.
England are the defending champions in the UEFA European Under-17 Championship. They will be competing in Bulgaria next month. John Peacock has named his squad for the tournament. The Young Lions will face Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland. Jay Dasilva and Ike Ugbo of Chelsea have been included in the squad.
The Queen's Guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard. The soldier lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box. The incident took place during the popular Changing of The Guard at Buckingham Palace. The unnamed soldier is thought to have slipped because of the metal protectors nailed to the soles of his boots.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sacked Ze Maria for the second time in a week. The former Brazil defender was sacked on Wednesday after a poor run of results. He was reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance' But the 41-year-old angered Massone again after Ceahlao were beaten 2-0 by mid-table FC Botosani on Saturday.
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme  from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia.
Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’S episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’’ Ross Poldarks gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward. The former Liverpool defender received a Beacon Award for his community work on Merseyside on Tuesday night. Carragher said he hopes to give youngsters a lift and 'that extra push to realise their goals'
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute. Second-place Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio, who play later on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places.
Finnish researchers compared weight and height of 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised odds of being a fat toddler.
Ministers refused blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents. Keith Vaz said he was 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved. HM Passport Office made a surplus of £42.3 million between April and October last year.
Leicester City are just three points from safety in the Premier League. Nigel Pearson has urged his players to ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea City on Saturday in the league. Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday to improve his side's slim chance of Premier League survival.
Javier Hernandez has been on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. The Mexican has been a big hit with the Spanish club's fans. Orlando City have made enquiries about a move for Hernandez. Click here for more Manchester United news. Click HERE for all the latest transfer news.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy. The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table. Cambiasson won 15 trophies during his time at Inter Milan. The Argentinian midfielder is happy at the East Midlands club.
Charles Manuel, of Lamoni, Iowa, has surrendered his license to practice. He admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them. He's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital. The zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child's mother.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. A 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her Limerick township home in March. She told investigators that Rebbies had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama has created a series of images. The 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man. The images see fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters. The girls are seen looking directly into the camera as their fathers jump.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday at 4pm. Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch. The 26-year-old compared his gadget to TV character Michael Knight. Jack Wilshere is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side at the Emirates.
Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his blood parrot cichlid on camera. The man places his hand in the tank and gently cups the fish with his fingers. The fish begins swimming around the man's fingers and towards the surface. The video concludes with the man removing his hand from the tank.
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a flat in Fulham, south west London. The 33-year-old Mexican national had been working as a transgender escort. She was found with injuries to the head and neck and pronounced dead at the scene. A 23-year old man has been arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed.
Hull City are just two points clear of the relegation zone. Steve Bruce is confident his side can avoid the drop. The Tigers have won just six games this season. They face Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United. Southampton beat Hull 2-0 at St Mary's on Saturday.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe were pictured with shisha pipes. Brendan Rodgers hasn't disciplined Sterling or Ibe for the incident. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is available after serving a three-match suspension.
Radamel Falcao has struggled for Manchester United during his loan. The Colombian striker has scored just four goals in all competitions. Nabil Dirar believes Falcaos was not happy in France. The former Monaco striker says he would have been better off staying. Click here for more Manchester United news.
Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start as Curacao coach. The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament. KluiverT worked with Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup. Curacaos face Cuba in the next round, on June 8 and 16.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Jordan Henderson believes his side can catch Manchester City. Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United. Liverpool are four points behind City in the race for the Champions League. Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker was back in London after the international break. Ozil impressed as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier. The midfielder missed Arsenal's last game against Newcastle through illness.
The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record in June. The four-time Olympic champion will attempt the record at the Lee Valley VeloPark. The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Australian Rohan Dennis in February. Tickets to watch Wiggins attempt to set the record go on sale on April 19.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed. He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered. The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help. He received dozens of stitches on his left leg and buttocks.
Manchester City players are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements. City are currently fourth in the Premier League and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool if Liverpool beat Newcastle United. Manuel Pellegrini's side lost to Manchester United on Sunday.
Serge Gnabry has not played for Arsenal since March 2014. The 19-year-old has been sidelined with a serious knee injury. Gnaby played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday. The Germany Under-21 international says he is 'feeling better and better'
Dr Adrian Quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. He says it could be used to power homes in Scotland or restore power to disaster hit areas. But he warns it will not be as powerful as the lasers in Star Wars. And he hasn't ruled out the chance of someone using them for weapons.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to SATs exam answers, panel told. This was despite the exam session at Mitton Manor Primary School in Gloucestershire. The 31-year-old also altered a number of pupil's exam answers himself. Investigation by local education authority found he had done the same. Department for Education annulled the whole school's SATs results. Guffik has been banned from the classroom for at least two years.
Harry Kane is up for the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season. Kane has been animated in a new animation of his best goals and celebrations. The video was produced by Copa90 and features still photographs of the England forward placed on top of each other.
Jordan Henderson had 14 months remaining on his current contract. The midfielder is expected to sign a new deal worth around £100,000-a-week. Henderson's new deal will run until the summer of 2020. The 24-year-old could replace Steven Gerrard as Liverpool captain.
Anders Lindegaard has struggled for minutes at Manchester United since arriving in 2010. The Danish international has made just 19 league appearances for United in five seasons. Lindegaards wife Misse Beqiri has over 17,000 followers on Instagram. The couple have been dating since 2012 and have a son together.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain. The full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent Blanc. The Dutchman says he is 'genuinely happy' at the French champions. PSG are being linked with a move for Barcelona's Dani Alves.
Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday. The English referee has sent off three players from United and City this season. Clattenberg has been accused of favouring Louis van Gaal's side in the past. But he has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from United.
Nathan Hughes was initially suspended for three matches. The Wasps No 8 collided with George North's head as he scored a try for Northampton on March 27. Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded. The Fiji-born forward missed his side's Champions Cup quarter-final loss against Toulon last Sunday.
Paul Merson had a dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley. Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute as they drew 0-0. Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if AndrosTownsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody'
Land mass emerged overnight along the coastline of Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, on Hokkaido Island, Japan. It measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide, and has risen 50ft above sea level. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop.
Ben Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test. England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on. You want the character as long as the end product is runs and wickets.
England ace Joe Hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' The 37-year-old Italian veteran won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night. Hart, who is 10 years younger than Buffon, passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are 'very happy' with Luis Enrique. Enrique only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year-deal. Barca are six games away from winning the La Liga title. Enrique's side comfortably beat Valencia 2-0 on Saturday.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January. She was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. The letters had beamed from atop Yankee Stadium near Grand Concourse in the Bronx since 1976.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium. The Yorkshire side are currently in mid-table in League One. The media team faced a tough challenge when they were faced with sticking up the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel.
Alexis Sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer. The Chile forward eventually chose Arsenal over Liverpool. Arsene Wenger is delighted that Sanchez has made an instant impact. The Arsenal boss has played down talk of a move for Raheem Sterling. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation. A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down.
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of thinking embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after being accused of domestic violence. Mr Katter said the Government believes Mr Gordon would resign after he was recently accused of the crime. Mr Gordon was forced to quit the Queensland Labor Party last week in the wake of being accused. He later admitted to his criminal past and announced he would remain in the Queensland parliament as an independent. Mr Katter said he used the term black puppet 'because I'm dark and I come from Cloncurry'
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23. Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will  win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
X Factor finalist, 19, is face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. The campaign features the singer in a variety of hairstyles. This will be the star's first brand collaboration. The partnership between the artist and the brand was fused together.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was on The Jeremy Kyle show. She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of stealing. But he was caught out after taking a lie detector test on the show. He then confessed to taking the money but blamed it on his girlfriend.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining. Professor Mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which Costa made 'almost certainly' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from 'moment to moment'
James Hayward was travelling with his parents to Lanzarote over Easter. The four-year-old's toy gun was confiscated by security staff at East Midlands Airport. The toy, which fires sponge darts, was deemed a security risk. The boy's father has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous'
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarto with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
Kevin Pietersen joined Surrey team-mates for a team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The batsman was all smiles as he joked with photographers. Pietersen is hoping to force his way back into the England set-up. Surrey begin their County Championship campaign against Glamorgan.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' The 29-year-old has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season. Falcaos scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club during his four seasons in the first team.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. The 31-year-old has always said he wants a return to his first club. Boca Juniors have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker. But club president Daniel Angelici has stressed that Tevez must terminate his contract with the Italians first.
Jacob Phillips, 23, fell down the cliff after a night out with friends. He had caught a taxi home but didn't have enough cash to pay the fare. Mr Phillips ran from the driver, who gave chase at the seaside town of Penarth. He was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley. The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick. Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League. Roberto Martinez insisted Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties.
Police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask. The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being 'very tall' He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday.
Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost a mystery billionaire £400million to build. The luxury jet was customised to fit the owner's specifications over a three-year period. It contains a dining room, lounge, state room and 'aeroloft' for sleeping passengers.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove, Illinois, was born with cerebral palsy. She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented in the media. She has created several dancing videos to counteract stereotypes. She says she has been bullied because of her disability.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke. The five former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from Dyke and the FA's England Commission.
Thierry Henry says Arsenal need to buy four players in the summer. The Frenchman believes the Gunners need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker. Henry also questioned whether Olivier Giroud can win the title with Arsenal. Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
Manchester United beat City 1-0 in the 'mini derby' Callum Gribbin scored the winner with a delightful free-kick. United are now two points behind leaders Middlesbrough. City have now lost both matches in the Barclays Under 18s Premier League end-of-season play-off series.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night. On April 1, police found the car and returned it to her with a few minor changes. The rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents.
'Rich' posted an advertisement on Gumtree for a girlfriend. The 31-year-old described himself as 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink, don’t smoke, DON'T do drugs, like travelling, love the outdoors, sports, fishing, camping blah blah blah' The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors.
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit in Handsworth, Birmingham. But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off. Around 300 speed and traffic camera, using old technology, were turned off across the region in March 2013.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. Atletico Madrid are considering bringing him back in the summer. The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July. Luis has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge.
The dress, worn by Vivien Leigh when she played Scarlett O'Hara in the classic 1939 film Gone With the Wind, has fetched $137,000 at auction. It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at Universal Studios. The outfit has suffered a little with age, however. When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Stephen Munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls. He targeted a toddler on a bus and was last seen leaving a hospital. Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden who was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. The semi-detached home comes complete with original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating. The house even boasts the original bathroom which was installed when it was built - in a fetching mint green and black colour scheme. The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and a rather dated kitchen sink.
Neymar and Dani Alves watched El Clasico basketball match on Thursday. Barcelona beat Real Madrid 85-80 in the Euro League contest. Neymar's sister Rafaella also attended the game. Neymars Brazil team-mates face Celta Vigo on Sunday.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo's Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013. He will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season. Chelsea signed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s.
Eden Hazard scored Chelsea's opening goal against Manchester United. John Terry's challenge on Radamel Falcao led to the goal. Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree Terry fouled Falcato. Chelsea captain Terry was booked for the challenge.
Manuel Pellegrini is keen to sign Anderlecht youngster Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from Anderlcht's youth set-up. Arsenal and Barcelona have also been linked with the Belgian starlet.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all. Says she is worried Gemma will steal from the children.
