A judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Sterling's wife sued her, saying she targeted wealthy older men with gifts. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision, her lawyer said Tuesday.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) She left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean.
A U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland. A year ago, a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC- 135U over the Sea of Okhotsk.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning. Everyone on board was safely evacuated. Scott, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely. The bus is set to perform at the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia. Winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest. The reason people are seeing an intense red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out the shorter wavelength colors.
A Save the Children spokesman says a ship carrying 550 people capsized off the Libyan coast. The Italian coast guard says it cannot confirm such an incident. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival" SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise. It's currently in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly. The freed Yazidis were received by Peshmerga, who sent them to the Kurdish regional capital, Irbil. ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis since attacking the group's towns last year.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media. The Pakistani government condemned Monday's attack, calling it an "act of terrorism"
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race. Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded in the attack.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation. The new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots: The Saga of an American Family"
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patient flown out by rescue helicopter. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off. The US were beaten 3-2 as Williams and Alison Riske were thrashed in the doubles rubber. The doubles defeat means the US are relegated to World Group II.
An FBI agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot. The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains. Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle. The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing Jamaica colours.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his trousers. The Bayern boss joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match' Bayern booked a place in the Champions League semi-finals.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships. The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong. She said she hadn't spoken up about the abuse until the day she heard he had been caught, and since then had attempted to take her own life.
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year. They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland.
The Queen's Guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace last week. He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. Unfortunately for him, the entire incident was caught on a tourist's camera.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sack Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance' The 41-year-old former Inter Milan and Parma right back, capped 25 times by Brazil, angered Massone again on Saturday.
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia.
Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. As Sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman.
Fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four. Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy. Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest. Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio, who play later on Saturday.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised odds of being a fat toddler.
Ministers refused blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents. Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April last year and January this year, scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year. Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz 'astonished' so few people given compensation.
Nigel Pearson has urged Leicester to ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety. Last week's 3-2 win at West Brom handed them a survival lifeline. But Pearson wants his side to remain focused on their own jobs.
Javier Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid. Orlando City have a huge Latin-American fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal. Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira. Click here for more Manchester United news.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy. The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining. The former Inter Milan star signed for the Foxes in the summer, leaving Italy after ten years and embarking on a new challenge in England.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them.
A two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge, officials said. The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm. The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose. The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday at 4pm. Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch. The 26-year-old compared his gadget to TV character Michael Knight. Jack Wilshere is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side at the Emirates.
Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his blood parrot cichlid on camera. The man places his hand into the tank and gently cups the fish with his fingers. The fish begins swimming around the man's fingers and towards the surface as he removes his hand.
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with Marc Wilmots' side on top spot because of a superior goal difference.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, London. The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck. Police have arrested a man in connection with her death but he has been bailed.
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday. Steve Bruce's side are now just two points clear of the relegation zone. Bruce is confident he can keep his side in the Premier League this season. Southampton moved up to fifth in the table after the defeat.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week. Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday. Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of Sterling and Ibe with shisha pipes. Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday ahead of their FA Cup semi against Aston Villa.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer. The Colombian striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. United will have to pay £46million to make the loan permanent. Nabil Dirar believes FalCao would have been better off staying at Monaco.
Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 World Cup. Patrick Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad. The former Holland forward worked with Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season. Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United. Liverpool are four points behind City in the Premier League.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker was back in London after the international break. Ozil impressed as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. The midfielder is expected to start against Liverpool at the weekend.
The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched. The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record in June. The four-time Olympic champion will attempt to ride the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark. The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Australian Rohan Dennis in February after the UCI reformed regulations.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on rim of toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport. Airport officials said he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat. But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered. He received dozens of stitches on his left leg and buttocks.
Manchester City players are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements. Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if City fail to reach the group stages of Europe's top competition. Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading. The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year. The Germany Under-21 international played for Arsenal's development squad as they lost 1-0 to Reading on Monday.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland, or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas.
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School to make changes. The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself. This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard. The Department for Education annulled the whole school's SAT's results.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season. Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize. A new animation shows some of Kane's best goals and celebrations.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The midfielder had 14 months remaining on his current contract. Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. The 24-year-old could replace Steven Gerrard as Liverpool captain.
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri have been dating since 2012. The couple married in a romantic Mauritius beach wedding last year. The Danish international has struggled for minutes at Manchester United. He has made just 19 league appearances in five seasons at Old Trafford.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. The full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent Blanc after he was dropped for the Champions League clash against Chelsea. Dani Alves is being linked with a move to the French champions.
Referee Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday, despite having sent off three players from United and City this season. The 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from United; Tyler Blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by Leicester and Luke Shaw in the 1-1 draw with West Ham. Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31.
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North on March 27. Northampton winger was left unconscious and had to be taken off on a stretcher. Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident. But the ban has now been thrown out following an outcry on his behalf.
Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday. Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham. Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back at Merson after netting for England against Italy.
1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop. The landmass measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide.
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team. He clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on. You want the character as long as the end product is runs and wickets.
England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon. Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. Hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are 'very happy' with Luis Enrique. The 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal. Barca are six games away from winning the La Liga title.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January. She was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights.
The 13 letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at Sotheby's on Wednesday. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. The letters had beamed from atop Yankee Stadium near Grand Concourse in the Bronx since 1976.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium. The Yorkshire side are rooted to the bottom of League One. Doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights. They made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £32million last summer. Arsene Wenger does not know why Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool. Wenger admits Liverpool could have used Sanchez as leverage during negotiations over Luis Suarez's move to the Nou Camp. Wenger has played down speculation linking him with Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful'
Federal MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party's website. He accused the Queensland Government of thinking embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence. Mr Katter, who is of Lebanese descent, said he sympathised with Mr Gordon's position. The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with users questioning his terminology.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23. Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will  win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
X Factor finalist Ella, 19, is face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. This will mark the star's first brand collaboration. The campaign images shows the singer against a blurred and vibrant city background. The partnership between the platinum award-winning artist and the UK's number 1 dry shampoo brand was fused together.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show. She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of stealing from her. When a lie detector test revealed he had done the deed, she burst into tears. She was going to spend the money on a £500 grave stone for her son.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event. Professor Mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which Costa made 'almost certainly' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from 'moment to moment'
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport. The four-year-old was frisked by airport security and forced to hand it over. The toy, which fires sponge darts, was deemed a security risk. The boy's father has described the security checks as 'ludicrous'
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
Kevin Pietersen took part in a Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The batsman looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the team photo. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the England set-up. Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open' The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009. The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. The 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his first club Boca Juniors. Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker. But club president Daniel Angelici has stressed Tevez must terminate his contract with the Italians first.
Jacob Phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade, a rocky area at the base of the cliff. The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson. The trio got out of the taxi to ‘use an ATM’ before making a run for it.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley. The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon – rather than Leighton Baines. Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy. He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday. The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as 'very tall'
Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost a mystery billionaire £400million. It was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period. It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen. There is also a lounge and 'state room' at the back of the plane, with eight full beds.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently,' she says.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke. The five former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker in the summer. The Frenchman also questioned whether Olivier Giroud can win the Premier League with the Gunners. Arsenal are currently third in the table, level on points with Manchester City.
Manchester United beat City 1-0 in the 'mini derby' Callum Gribbin scored the winner with a delightful free-kick. The result leaves United two points behind leaders Middlesbrough. City have now lost both matches in the Barclays Under 18s Premier League end-of-season play-off series.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night. Then, on April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as hers. She noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents.
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be' 'Rich' promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered' The hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply.
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit. But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Around 300 speed and traffic camera, using old technology, were turned off across the region in March 2013.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge. Luis played in Brazil’s friendly wins against France and Chile during the international break, but attentions now turn to the Premier League.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday. He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Munden was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl on a bus. Officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving the hospital.
The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating. With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned, the property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000.
Neymar and Dani Alves watched El Clasico with Neymar's sister Rafaella. Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals, just by points difference.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. His complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified, he claims.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United. John Terry made a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao in the build-up. Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree Terry's challenge should have been stopped for a foul.
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the Belgian club's youth set-up. Arsenal and Barcelona have also been linked with the youngster.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Debbie, who stepped in to care for the children after social services threatened to take them away, says her daughter's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand. Also claims Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
