Former Premier League footballer Sam Sodje has appeared in court alongside three brothers accused of charity fraud.
Middlesex batsman Adam Voges will be out until August after suffering a torn calf muscle in his right leg.
The Duchess of Cambridge will feature on the cover of British Vogue to mark the magazine's centenary.
Google has hired the creator of one of the web's most notorious forums - 4chan.
Two teenagers have been charged in connection with an incident in west Belfast in which a car collided with two police vehicles.
A pedestrian has been struck by a taxi in Dundee after it mounted the pavement.
Barcelona football club chief Sandro Rosell has resigned following a Spanish court's decision to look into last year's signing of Brazil star Neymar.
About 70% of London schools could face budget cuts under government plans to change how they are funded, according to London Councils.
Jason Roy continued his fine form with a second century in six days as Surrey made a strong start with the bat against Middlesex at Lord's.
Labour leadership hopefuls Liz Kendall and Yvette Cooper have said their supporters should back anyone other than Jeremy Corbyn in the contest.
Head teachers say they are axing GCSE and A-level subjects, increasing class sizes and cutting support services as they struggle with school funding.
As the UK considers greater devolution in the aftermath of Scotland's independence referendum, should a troubled Northern Ireland Assembly push for more powers over its own affairs?
Kent's outgoing high-profile police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said she is proud of her achievements four years after being elected.
A man tried to abduct a boy outside a primary school in Milton Keynes, the school said.
Newport County goalkeeper Rhys Taylor has joined Wrexham on loan until January.
If Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho thought he was having a bad time, he should spare a thought for New Mills.
An MP has criticised "the level of misinformation" about a referendum on an elected mayor for Bath and North East Somerset.
A vegan cafe in Tbilisi has appealed for public solidarity after being invaded by ultra-nationalists wielding grilled meat and sausages.
Wales coach Warren Gatland resisted making more changes to his team against Italy to give his men a chance to make up for their poor start at Twickenham.
Barnsley striker Tom Bradshaw says every footballer can learn from the examples set by Wales stars Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey.
A new trailer for Star Wars spin-off Rogue One has been released, offering fans a fleeting glimpse of Darth Vader.
A man who attempted to rape a young girl and raped three women has been jailed for life.
Three US special forces soldiers have been shot dead by an Afghan colleague during an operation in eastern Afghanistan, US officials say.
A foreign couple has been attacked by a group of "drunk men" in the northern Indian state of Rajasthan, police said.
Hong Kong-based airline Cathay Pacific has announced a ban on shipments of shark fin in a move that has been welcomed by conservationists.
Chester midfielder Tom Shaw has been appointed player-assistant manager at the National League side after signing a new contract at Bumpers Lane.
Archaeologists in Denmark have uncovered an incredibly rare find: a stone age axe held within its wooden handle.
Aspens are one of our most beautiful native trees and there's a huge demand for seeds to grow new ones for planting.
Divers in Guernsey will be hit with a £30,000 charge if they require treatment for decompression sickness, the government has confirmed.
Sri Lanka seamer Shaminda Eranga was reported for a suspect bowling action in the second-Test defeat by England at Chester-le-Street.
The owners of a new Indian clothing store called Hitler say they will rename it after receiving complaints.
Islamic State (IS) militants have killed more than 120 civilians since launching a fresh attack on the Syrian border town of Kobane, activists say.
Barnsley have signed striker Elliot Lee from Premier League club West Ham United for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been arrested by police in Bahrain in connection with the death of former BBC journalist and News Letter editor Austin Hunter.
Plans have been lodged for a wind farm in the Scottish Borders less than a year after the Scottish government rejected a scheme for the same site.
Wasps have signed England centre Kyle Eastmond from Premiership rivals Bath.
Middlesbrough Mayor Ray Mallon has referred himself to his council's standards committee in response to accusations a land sale was "dodgy".
The US economy grew at a faster pace than previously thought in the first three months of the year.
A podiatrist fed up with men urinating outside his clinic has installed CCTV to catch them in the act and posted the images on social media.
Hundreds of schoolchildren, among them a pupil of only eight, have been caught with drugs on school premises, new figures reveal.
An endurance race held in Glen Coe for the first time this year will form part of an international mountain running competition next year.
Two rival criminal groups have been hit with what police describe as the largest ever gang injunction.
Some charges against a so-called loyalist supergrass accused of a catalogue of murders and paramilitary crimes are to be dropped.
The Police Federation has expressed a lack of confidence in Avon and Somerset Chief Constable Nick Gargan.
A man who went missing after going to hospital with mental health problems should have been given more help, a coroner has said.
Motorists will see an acceleration in fuel price cuts over the weekend as supermarkets take up to 2p off a litre of petrol and diesel.
Senior councillors in Dumfries have pledged to find a compromise solution to the Whitesands flooding problem.
One has a golf course that charges £125,000 to become a member, and the other has a post office said to stock bottles of Bollinger and Dom Perignon.
One of London mayoral hopeful Sadiq Khan's aides has been suspended after offensive social media messages were published.
A motorcyclist and a car driver have been killed in a crash on the A36 near Warminster.
Viking coins and ingots found by a metal detectorist in Gwynedd have been declared treasure by a coroner.
The final member of a gang which launched a failed bid to free a prisoner - during which one accomplice was killed - has been found guilty.
Scientists say they have identified a remarkable new feature in Earth’s molten outer core.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says the club may make another offer for Aberdeen winger Jonny Hayes.
Exeter Chiefs forward Sam Simmonds has signed a new two-year deal with the Premiership club.
A human rights action plan has been launched in Scotland, in a move described as a "UK first".
Argentina striker Carlos Tevez has completed his move back to Boca Juniors from Italian champions Juventus.
American Kristin Armstrong won the Olympic women's road time trial for the third time in succession with victory in Rio.
Donald Trump has effectively won the Republican presidential nomination, leaving pundits and analysts wondering if a rhetorical "pivot" to a general election campaign is in the works.
A teenager said she thought she was "going to die" after being hit by a car that collided with a crowd of people at a "cruising" event in Plymouth.
Belfast City Council has voted to invite both the Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland football teams to a civic reception at Belfast City Hall.
Remarkable progress has been made in reducing the rate of growth in new HIV infections - the virus that causes Aids.
Defending champions Sweden took gold in the men's cross country 4x10km relay at the Winter Olympics in Sochi.
A 90-minute match but only 47 minutes and 40 seconds of actual football.
It remains a game that Scotland cannot escape.
A trio of dancers are to perform inside Tate Britain as part of the London gallery's latest commission.
Plans to expand a University of Sheffield research centre could create more than 1,800 new jobs, it has been claimed.
A convicted teenage sex offender has been detained for a year for having sex with a 13-year-old girl in the grounds of a Dundee college campus.
A driver was taken to hospital after his car became "completely submerged" in a ford.
Earlier this year, two economists made a friendly wager.
Chinese telecom firms Huawei and ZTE pose a security threat to the US, a congressional panel has warned after an investigation into the two companies.
David Cameron is facing Labour calls to apologise for calling refugees at a camp in Calais "a bunch of migrants" at Prime Minister's Questions.
Nico Rosberg and Mercedes have been penalised 10 seconds for breaking radio transmission rules during the British Grand Prix.
A chihuahua named Momo (Peach) has passed the exam to become a dog in the police force in western Japan, in what seems to be a first.
Championship strugglers Rotherham United aim to name a permanent first-team boss in "early January".
Police investigating a report that a man was raped in Dumfries have now said no offence took place.
A woman accused of murdering a man in Craigavon rang a friend and told her she had "gone mad and jumped on his head and stomach'' following an argument, a jury has heard.
On the shelves of "Happy Mart," there are gleaming cans of "instant nose jobs", packets of "Same Face" cookies and boxes of "Luxurios" cereal.
It was a mistake for Labour to avoid talking about the EU referendum during the assembly election campaign, one of the party's AMs has said.
New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez has announced he will retire from the sport on Friday.
Lothian Buses, which dominates Edinburgh public transport, including trams and tourist tours, has reported a drop in profits during last year.
"I wanted to get an education but my parents were determined to marry me off," says Himanot Yehewala, an Ethiopian girl who was married five years ago at the age of 13.
Partick Thistle beat Stranraer to progress in the League Cup as one of the best first-round group runners-up.
A man has been arrested in Cumbria following reports of an armed robbery at a house in Drumnadrochit.
Former champion Coneygree will not run in the Cheltenham Gold Cup on 17 March due to a "niggling" injury, says assistant trainer Sara Bradstock.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he opposes gay marriage, after previously declaring he would consider legalising it.
Throughout 2014 Zane Lowe has picked his hottest records in the world, and now it's time for you to pick your favourite.
Liverpool and Manchester United played out a goalless and uneventful stalemate on a disappointing night at Anfield.
The 600,000 people in Wales living with sensory loss are not having their basic healthcare needs met, according to a new report.
RB Leipzig lost ground on Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich with a costly defeat at Werder Bremen.
A man has died in hospital after collapsing half-way through a Scottish Premier League match, police say.
Morton's Declan McManus has won the Ladbrokes Championship player of the month award for February.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Philip Billing has signed a contract extension until the end of the 2019-20 season.
Labour says it will keep the "triple lock" protecting the state pension throughout the next Parliament.
Switzerland's voters go to the polls to decide on controversial proposals which would impose strict limits on the salaries awarded to top executives.
Andre Ward stopped Sergey Kovalev in the eighth round to win their light-heavyweight rematch in Las Vegas and retain his WBO, WBA and IBF belts.
A religious decree declaring transgender marriage to be legal has been cautiously welcomed in Pakistan, but activists say attitudes still need to change.
Microsoft's next generation of its operating system, Windows 10, is due to be released next month.
Russian officials are investigating claims that a well-known opposition activist has been repeatedly beaten and threatened in prison.
A man who was part of a five-strong gang that committed violent acts in Dorset has been jailed.
A former college principal should hand back some of his £304,000 severance pay, a committee of MSPs has concluded.
Gary Charles fought alcoholism throughout his career, but still managed to play for England and feature in Wembley cup finals.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with killing, skinning and cooking a dog before feeding it to another animal.
Laurent Frayssinous has been appointed the head coach of Catalan Dragons on a two-year contract, and becomes the youngest team boss in Super League.
Cyber security has hit the headlines after an unprecedented cyber-attack brought down computer systems around the world on Friday.
Archaeologists are trying to determine whether ruined buildings in a remote nature reserve in Argentina were built as a hide-out for German Nazi officers.
After years of debate, Austria's government has announced plans to introduce a total smoking ban in cafes and restaurants by 2018.
Will a £300,000-a-week salary change a hot prospect's attitude to the game?
Esmael Goncalves scored twice as Hearts overcame 10-man Motherwell in Saturday's early Scottish Premiership match.
A children's summer camp has been closed by Ofsted after a man was arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children.
Football's crisis-hit world governing body Fifa will meet in Zurich on Friday and elect a new leader to try to take the damaged organisation forward into a new era.
Izzy Atkin became the first British woman to win a World Cup ski slopestyle event as she took gold in Silvaplana, Switzerland.
A volunteer RNLI crew have been given the seal of approval from an unlikely passenger.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home.
University applications have fallen by 5% - with the decline driven by a drop in European Union students and a sharp fall in nursing applications.
Children's congenital heart surgery at Leeds General Infirmary has been suspended as a review is carried out.
"Exceptional" Roman artefacts discovered in a field in Hertfordshire date back to 174 AD, an investigation has found.
Councillors in the Borders have unanimously agreed to lodge an objection to a 15-turbine wind farm near Bonchester Bridge.
The team removing coins from the Jersey Celtic hoard have gathered more than in any other British hoard to date.
New "English votes for English laws" rules have been implemented in the House of Commons for the first time.
About £15m of funding intended for UK communities hit by floods last winter will instead be used to cover a "fine" for misspending a previous grant.
No further action is to be taken against a deputy council leader arrested on suspicion of fraud.
Leeds United claims West Yorkshire Police still owes the club £800,000 for overcharging policing at home games.
Everton teenager Delial Brewster has joined National League side Southport on loan until the end of the season.
Civil servants splashed out nearly £400,000 on 120 flights over the past five years.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) has been restarted after a two-year shutdown.
Only a day after it opened, Iran has shut down what officials reportedly thought was a branch of the US fast food giant Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Images of a shirtless man found wandering the streets after he suffered serious burns have been released in a bid to solve the mystery of his injuries.
The Aurora Borealis, better known as the Northern Lights, has been photographed from Peel Castle on the west coast of the Isle of Man.
When pop superstar Rihanna last week unveiled her 2016 UK concert tour dates, her choice of opening venue was seen as a vindication for an English rugby union club that has financially come back from the brink.
Gerry Adams has denied claims in a BBC Spotlight programme that he sanctioned the murder of an IRA informer.
One of the Brussels airport bombers, Najim Laachraoui, guarded four French journalists who were held hostage by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria in 2013-2014, the ex-hostages say.
Ipswich Town have signed Colchester United striker Freddie Sears for an undisclosed fee.
Opener Alastair Cook is "loving" life without the England Test captaincy, says head coach Trevor Bayliss.
Indian police have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a 70-year-old French woman in the northern city of Varanasi.
A major search operation is under way for a 25-year-old junior doctor who has gone missing.
A senior member of the Islamic State (IS) group has been killed in an American drone strike in Syria last month, according to the US military.
Two quick first-half goals helped Burton edge past bottom side Rotherham and move five points clear of the Championship relegation zone.
Walsall have completed the signing of Bermudian teenager Kacy Milan Butterfield on a one-year deal, subject to receiving international clearance.
"Being in a wheelchair doesn't mean that I can't do it or anyone else can't do it - we're just as capable as any other models."
Home webcams that were hijacked to help knock popular websites offline last week are being recalled in the US.
Hundreds of homes are under threat of flooding in two Cumbrian towns.
A drink-driver who killed an island vet in a head-on collision has been found guilty of death by dangerous driving.
Royal Bank of Scotland is to be fined about £15m by the city watchdog the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the BBC has learned.
Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill and winger James McClean face punishment from Fifa for criticising the referee after the 1-1 draw in their World Cup qualifier with Austria.
Hundreds of migrants living in part of a camp in the French port of Calais known as the Jungle have been ordered to leave or face eviction.
The number of houses being built in the UK fell during the final three months of 2014, the first such decline for nearly two years.
Dozens of people have been killed in air strikes and a suspected gas attack near the Syrian city of Palmyra, monitoring groups say.
Scottish Borders Council has agreed a move to cut the overall cost of its contribution to the Borders Railway.
US singer James Taylor has cancelled an upcoming concert in the Philippines over reports of extrajudicial killings in the country's war on drugs.
Everton winger Gerard Deulofeu has joined Italian side AC Milan on loan until the end of the season.
McCormick, the American food flavourings business, has said it may increase its $700m (£494m) bid for the UK's Premier Foods.
The policing of a major incident at a nightclub in which two students were killed in a crush was "appropriate", the police watchdog has said.
A crowdfunded handset designed to help people disconnect from their smartphones is due to ship at the end of November after a series of setbacks.
A care worker at an NHS psychiatric unit has been charged with raping a young female patient.
Nigel Farage missed an appearance on BBC Question Time after getting caught in a traffic jam on the A1.
Oscar winner Nicole Kidman says she still acts like she's 21 when it comes to acting roles.
A community worker has said scrambler motorcycles are a problem in west Belfast, as a woman remains in a critical condition after a collision.
A nine-year-old boy with muscular dystrophy has met with First Minister Nicola Sturgeon after he wrote to her campaigning for a new treatment.
Pace bowler Kyle Jarvis claimed 5-69 for Lancashire as they earned a sizeable first-innings lead on a rain-shortened day against Leicestershire.
Campaigners to leave the European Union have been badgering the government about the reliability of the official immigration statistics.
Wasps winger Frank Halai will join French Top 14 side Pau at the end of the Premiership season.
Assembly members have voted against UK government proposals to restrict strike ballots in the public sector.
South Korea's Park Sung-hyun won the US Women's Open by two shots to claim her first LPGA title in her debut season.
One of the most moderate teaching unions has voted for industrial action over government plans to force all schools in England to become academies.
Championship side Brighton have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell on a one-year deal following his release by Stoke.
Bosnia has formally asked the UN's top court to review its ruling which cleared Serbia of genocide in the 1990s, Bosnia's Muslim leader has said.
London Irish have parted company with assistant coach Richard Whiffin following Premiership relegation.
A police dog that broke its neck in two places while chasing suspected muggers is at home recovering from its ordeal.
The Nepalese police say they are giving self-defence classes to women and children earthquake survivors who are living in temporary shelters in the capital Kathmandu.
More than 100 people were injured when a commuter train derailed during rush hour in New York City, officials say.
Royal Dutch Shell's profits surged in the first three months of the year on the back of rising oil prices.
The UK should show that it "embraces" the Muslim and Hindu faiths by making Eid and Diwali public holidays, Conservative MP Bob Blackman has said.
Plans for an HS2 tunnel under the Chilterns to protect the area have been announced by campaigners opposing existing proposals for the high-speed rail link.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder after two pupils were stabbed at a school in Dulwich.
Most 15-year-olds report being happy with their lives, an international study of students' well-being suggests.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has moved to a new part of the Indian Ocean due to a "credible lead".
Around the world, Sri Lanka's diaspora Tamils are meeting to mark Maveerar Naal (Heroes' Day) and remember those who died during the failed insurgency.
The Department of Justice has re-issued a fuller transcript of one of the Orlando gunman's 911 calls without redactions, after facing a wave of online backlash for omitting certain words.
Net migration has stayed near record levels, standing at 335,000 in the year to June, the Office for National Statistics has said.
Geckos are among the superheroes of the animal world.
Terminally-ill baby Charlie Gard must continue to receive life support until judges make a ruling on whether he should undergo a trial treatment.
A US International Trade Commission judge, in a preliminary ruling, said Samsung infringed four of Apple's intellectual property patents.
Learning to sing or play a musical instrument can help disadvantaged children improve their reading skills, US research suggests.
Drivers are being warned to expect months of "significant delays" on central Scotland's motorways as work begins to install new signage gantries.
A football fan who has taken a break from his cancer treatment to follow Wales in France in Euro 2016 said it has been "amazing".
Two former members of 1960s band The Tremeloes have been accused of historical indecent assault.
Young people should be forced to vote in the first election after they turn 18, a centre-left think tank has said.
Media from Moscow to Beijing are reporting the Panama Papers leak, with some outlets omitting names of local politicians and prominent figures who figure in them.
A US footwear company has sparked outrage among consumers and campaign groups over a range of high heeled shoes for babies.
Passengers have faced waits of more than an hour at passport control at London's Heathrow Airport two days after it was revealed MPs warned it may struggle to cope during the Olympics.
Behind the quiet tapestry of farmland stretching across the UK is a turbulent debate over Britain's membership of the European Union.
Britain's Johanna Konta was beaten 6-4 3-6 7-5 by former world number one Venus Williams in the quarter-finals of the Wuhan Open.
A man has died following a fire and explosion at a flat in Hull.
The BBC has extensive live athletics coverage across TV, desktop, mobile, tablet and app.
Jeremy Corbyn has said it is wrong to blame "an entire ethnic community" for child abuse after one of his frontbench team quit over a press article.
Spain says it is rallying international support against Argentina's nationalisation of the oil firm, YPF.
Co-operative Bank is cutting 200 jobs as it looks to continue its recovery.
Michael Russell has been appointed as the Scottish government's new minister with responsibility for Brexit negotiations with the UK government.
A Scottish security contractor has been killed in Afghanistan.
President Barack Obama has announced the US is fully lifting its embargo on sales of lethal weapons to Vietnam, its one-time enemy.
Chris Coleman believes there is more to come from his Wales side regardless of the result of their historic Euro 2016 semi-final against Portugal.
Humans could become extinct if sperm counts in men continue to fall at current rates, a doctor has warned.
A murder inquiry has begun after the death of a woman found seriously injured in Leeds.
The former prime minister of Norway, Kjell Magne Bondevik, said he was detained at a US airport earlier this week because he had visited Iran in 2014.
The widow of a man who died after being found injured at an ex-fashion executive's home has said they had been "excited" about their move to the area.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will join Los Angeles Galaxy in July, the American side have confirmed.
A man has appeared in court after cannabis with an estimated street value of £90,000 was seized in Aberdeen.
The director and lead actress of a film about female teenagers that has been an award-winning hit across the Channel say they hope it will pave the way for more French films about young black women.
(Close): Marks & Spencer was among the biggest risers on the FTSE 100 on the last day of trading before the Easter break after the retailer announced a rise in non-food sales for the first time in almost four years.
Selby is a tidy market town sitting in the flat, open countryside south of York.
Goalkeeper Paul Gallacher has joined Hearts as a player-coach, but the Tynecastle club are continuing their search for another shot-stopper.
Roads have been closed around Aberdeen beach following the discovery of an ordnance device.
BBC's Middle East Bureau Editor Paul Danahar reflects on six months of covering the Libyan uprising from both sides of the conflict, using pictures of some of his more memorable moments.
The families of three 7 July suicide bombers are still looking for answers 10 years on, an imam from their home city of Leeds has said.
A former Labour shadow cabinet minister has accused an aide to leader Jeremy Corbyn of entering her parliamentary office without permission.
Kalvin Phillips scored twice as Leeds United opened their 2017-18 Championship campaign with victory at Bolton Wanderers.
Newport County have re-signed striker Craig Reid, the fourth signing made by the Exiles in 24 hours.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he has received no notification from Saudi Arabia that it will turn down a seat on the UN Security Council.
Nigeria's commercial capital, Lagos, has had a makeover over the last decade, as this gallery from the BBC's Ayo Bello shows:
A man has been charged with possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply after cocaine worth an estimated £100,000 was seized by police in County Down.
The girlfriend of murdered British backpacker Peter Falconio has gone back to Australia 15 years after his death to "bring him home".
A senior health board official has admitted a breach in the duty of care to a mentally ill patient whose body was found in the Menai Strait.
A painting by "Pitman painter" Norman Cornish has been discovered being used as a bath panel in his former home.
British reggae band UB40 have praised Jeremy Corbyn as an "incorruptible politician" who will put working people first as they backed his campaign to remain as Labour leader.
A police officer who was responsible for the safety of pubs and clubs in Hull has been sacked after being convicted for being drunk and disorderly.
The UN is planning to air drop food and other aid to a Syrian city besieged by the so-called Islamic State (IS), officials have said.
A former leader of Liverpool City Council has lost his seat to an 18-year-old Labour candidate.
Leading British actors are more than twice as likely as stars in the music industry to have attended fee-paying schools, the Sutton Trust says.
Workers are missing out on pension top-ups from their employers by only saving at a minimum level, research suggests.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn will "probably not" visit Wales before next week's assembly election, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
Part-time spinner Dean Elgar took 4-22 as South Africa bowled out India for 201 in Mohali, on the opening day of the four-Test series.
Scottish politicians have paid tribute to Margaret Thatcher, Britain's first woman Prime Minister, who has died.
A van driver who killed three passengers in a crash on the M4 after falling asleep at the wheel has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.
Championship club London Irish have signed Oyonnax and former Harlequins lock George Robson on a one-year deal.
A game for tablets is being developed in Wales which parents can use to test their children's eyesight at home.
Saving a small amount of money regularly from when you start work will leave you better off than saving a bigger amount in later life.
Tesla Motors has revealed that supplies of its Model X electric car have been impacted by a shortage of parts meaning delays for some who have ordered them.
David Marshall says Scotland's failure to make Euro 2016 was not their "last chance" to qualify for a major finals, insisting they can make it to the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
A delivery driver jailed for life for plotting to kill US personnel outside an air base has had a new sentence imposed by the Appeal Court.
Monaghan bounced back from their shock Ulster SFC semi-final defeat by Down with a convincing win over Wexford in Round 2B of the All-Ireland qualifiers.
The 2015 Nobel Prize for Economics has been awarded to Scottish-born economist Angus Deaton.
Money given to people to pay for their care was spent on items such as mobile phone bills and Apple computer equipment, a council audit has found.
The guitar riff builds, the lyrics boom out - and Izmir's music-loving fans roar.
Support groups are calling for an action plan to "radically" improve mental health services for children and young people in the NHS Lothian area.
A suspicious package discovered at a vehicle dismantler's yard in Gloucester was "not a bomb", police have said.
A man suspected of killing his family in West Yorkshire had been previously jailed for domestic violence.
A museum in Germany is calling for the last surviving British member of the Dambusters to be honoured.
Irish walker Rob Heffernan is expected to be upgraded to Olympic bronze after The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) upheld IAAF appeals against Russian athletes relating to doping.
A paralysed stunt cyclist has said he can start planning his own long-term care and rehabilitation after receiving £50,000 in donations since starting an appeal four days ago.
A bird that became stuck in a lake when the water froze around its feet is recovering after being rescued by firefighters.
Work on flood protection in Powys has been stopped due to an objector to the scheme.
As a transgender woman living in Guyana, Petronella Trotman has grown accustomed to violence and daily abuse on the streets.
Senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway has sparked a social media storm after pictures emerged of her kneeling on the sofa in the Oval Office with her shoes on.
At least 25 people were killed and 300 injured in Yemen's capital Sanaa after an air strike on a missile base caused a huge blast that flattened buildings.
With Jakarta's traffic gridlocked in the middle of a Friday afternoon rush hour, German expat Jana Hauser thought she had little chance of catching her flight.
Britain's men finished top of Pool C in the Olympic rugby sevens by beating New Zealand 21-19 to make it three wins from three matches.
Erotic novel Fifty Shades of Grey began life as a humble, self-published e-book, unable to satisfy the tastes of traditional publishers.
Dutch investigators say the damage to Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, which crashed in eastern Ukraine on 17 July, suggests it was pierced by a large number of objects from outside the plane.
New Zealand Rugby (NZR) is to form a panel to tackle sexism, after a series of scandals involving players.
Halfords has revised delivery charges for the north of Scotland after a £50 delivery charge to send towels costing £5.99 to Speyside was criticised.
There are calls for schools in Wales to be legally required to record all incidents of bullying.
Trade union staff are to take strike action against their own organisation, claiming it has been "acting in a manner which no employer would dare".
One of the men who carried out the devastating bomb attacks in Brussels once worked as a cleaner at the European Parliament, officials say.
Flood alerts have been issued to people in and near coastal areas, with high spring tides set to hit.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has reported a sharp rise in sales as more customers spent money through the online retailer.
(Closed): Wall Street markets rose on Wednesday despite poor data from the manufacturing, housing and car industries.
Mike Ruddock believes Gavin Henson can be a success at Newport Gwent Dragons.
A BBC radio presenter has apologised after saying women should "keep their knickers on", during a live debate about convicted rapist Ched Evans.
Plans to give a Lake District promenade a £250,000 makeover have moved a step closer.
Kelly Brown and John Barclay are among Scotland's best players and should be in the squad for the Six Nations, according to former captain Andy Nicol.
Back-rower Don Armand and lock Jonny Hill have signed new contracts with Exeter Chiefs that will expire in 2019.
Nigerian defender David Faramola Oniya died on Saturday after collapsing on the pitch during a friendly between his Malaysian club T-Team and Kelantan.
A growing controversy over a Singapore concert starring openly gay US singer Adam Lambert has highlighted a widening cultural divide in the strait-laced city-state.
Shares in Australia led markets on Monday, closing 1% higher, boosted by commodity and energy-related stocks.
Old photos, oyster shells and a World War Two booklet have been found by workmen renovating a Grade I listed building in West Yorkshire.
Police have made further arrests over the death of a woman who took drugs at a Newcastle nightclub.
The mysterious disappearance of a British woman on a cruise ship four years ago should be investigated by UK authorities, campaigners have said.
Two Malaysian children who lost their father on flight MH370 have settled their negligence case out of court.
Reading Women defender Harriet Scott has signed a new deal with the Women's Super League One club until 2018.
There is a "really strong case" for the electrification of the north Wales rail lines, Chancellor George Osborne said.
Crowds of cheering fans welcomed London Olympics 2012 medal winners Tom Daley and Ruta Meilutyte as they toured Plymouth in an open-top bus.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in an Edinburgh street.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend hopes to see Sean Lamont end his career with a flourish.
An 89-year-old Gloucestershire man has been honoured for his efforts in the World War II Arctic convoys.
A Polish couple living in York who had gone to Manchester Arena to pick up their daughters have been killed in the terror attack.
The first head of the UK's incoming National Crime Agency (NCA) will be Keith Bristow, currently chief constable of Warwickshire.
Pope Francis has been presented with the Copa Libertadores trophy by players and officials of Argentine side San Lorenzo.
More than £5.5m has been raised in memory of teenager Stephen Sutton, the Teenage Cancer Trust has revealed.
Two more bodies have been found on the beach at Camber Sands, hours after three men were pulled from the water on the hottest day of the year.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says "nothing is done" with regards to his future but insists he has fulfilled requirements needed to extend his contract.
A 27-year-old man has been arrested in Armagh in connection with the stabbing of a 24-year-old man in the city.
League Two side Plymouth were unlucky not to progress in the FA Cup after their 1-0 replay loss to Liverpool, said Argyle manager Derek Adams.
More than a quarter of cancer patients diagnosed as an emergency in the north of Scotland had not discussed any relevant symptoms with their GP beforehand, according to a new study.
Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman has ended his presidential campaign, saying that "negative and personal attacks" have marred the Republican race.
A former priest has been found guilty of assault to injury of a pupil at a former Catholic boarding school at Fort Augustus in the 1970s and 1980s.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner says he would be "surprised" if Sebastian Vettel escaped punishment for an expletive-filled outburst at race director Charlie Whiting during Sunday's Mexican Grand Prix.
Italy salvaged a draw in a 2018 World Cup qualifier against Spain with a late Daniele de Rossi penalty.
Astronauts have been watching Star Wars on board the International Space Station.
Fashion shopping app developer Mallzee is set to expand after securing £2.5m from investors.
Russia should be banned from Rio 2016, says British International Olympic Committee member Adam Pengilly.
Wreckage of the EgyptAir flight that went missing over the Mediterranean last month has been found, Egyptian investigators say.
Germany's centre-right Chancellor Angela Merkel has announced that she will run for a fourth term in office.
A North Yorkshire Police officer made "errors" in the search for a missing man who was later found dead in the lake of a public park, the police watchdog has found.
A family which lost three members in the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to go ahead with a bid to stage a private prosecution of the driver.
A few years back, in the days before former owner Craig Whyte ever darkened Rangers' door and in a time when Charles Green was selling his bombast elsewhere, I wrote a column about the nature of the Old Firm derby as I saw it.
A cyclist who dodged a closed level crossing barrier, coming within inches of being hit by a train, has been formally cautioned by police.
Scientists in America are working with a new type of drone - but instead of flying high up into the sky, this one goes deep underwater.
Grants totalling £190,000 have been offered to restore 21 First World War memorials across Scotland.
A decision on whether to allow fracking at a site in North Yorkshire will be taken on 20 May, the county council has said.
Work has started on agreeing a new date for Carl Frampton's featherweight fight against Mexican Andres Gutierrez after Saturday's contest was called off.
Up to eight people including a child were killed when suspected Islamist militants blew themselves up after being surrounded in a hideout in north-eastern Bangladesh, police say.
Bus strikes in Dublin have been suspended pending a ballot of staff, after talks between management and unions at the Workplace Relations Commission.
For Ruby Elliot her sketchbook was her only sanctuary from a life in "constant crisis mode".
When Mick Cash took over as general secretary of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, he defined his approach as "pick your fights".
This year's E3 could prove to be a turning point - not just for gaming, but for the event itself.
Rory McIlroy has said a round of golf he played with Donald Trump was not an endorsement of the US president.
Details of more than 33 million US employees - including military staff - have been released online, according to a security researcher.
Ethiopia has declared a state of emergency following months of anti-government protests by members of the country's two largest ethnic groups.
Former Birmingham City manager and Manchester United player Freddie Goodwin has died at the age of 82.
Heating systems to grow fruit have been uncovered at the former private palace of the Prince Bishops of Durham.
The rig Transocean Winner is expected to be moved on a heavy lift ship from Broad Bay, Lewis, on Wednesday.
Qualcomm has released a smartwatch that it says can last days between recharges despite the fact its touchscreen display is always on.
A major signal failure at London Bridge has caused severe disruption for commuters trying to reach central London from Kent and the South East.
Anna Chapman, one of the Russian spies deported from the United States, has been deprived of her British citizenship, the BBC understands.
It has been a year since a report found at least 1,400 children were subjected to appalling sexual abuse in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013.
Sony has announced a more powerful version of its PlayStation 4 console at an event in New York.
A bad night, and a worse morning ahead for the Labour Party.
Menuka Magar-Gurung is struggling to come to terms with what happened on that bright, sunny morning.
The Home Secretary is implementing a range of major reforms to police pay in England and Wales after two years of tense negotiations between officers and government.
The US media have given their verdict on who won the second presidential debate after Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton engaged in attack and counter-attack.
A motorist crashed through a fence and onto a train track, causing several hours of delays for passengers.
A serial criminal who was brought to the ground by the owner of a shop during a failed axe raid has been jailed for six years.
Kenya's anti-terror police have carried out at least 81 extrajudicial killings in country's mainly Muslim coastal region since 2012, a rights group says.
Imagine the chagrin of French universities whenever international rankings are published.
There is nothing inevitable about the weaker academic performance of poorer pupils, says an analysis of Pisa tests by the OECD's Andreas Schleicher.
Ellyse Perry ripped through the West Indies top order to help Australia to a 114-run win in the Women's World Cup final in Mumbai.
The Football Association will trial 'sin bins' in the lower leagues of English football from next season.
Families and children left homeless following the Nepal earthquake are being provided with help from north Wales.
The new album from Public Service Broadcasting recalls the triumphs and tragedies of early space exploration through samples from films and recordings of Nasa and USSR rocket launches, many previously unavailable to the public.
The Black Country Partnership NHS Foundation Trust (BCPFT) is being investigated by a health regulator due to concerns over its finances.
A new service for teenagers and young adults living with cancer is being rolled out across Northern Ireland.
Kristen Stewart is to make her directorial debut with a short film about the power of women.
Cammy Smith's hat-trick inside 20 first-half minutes saw Championship side Dundee United beat Partick Thistle to reach the League Cup quarter-finals.
An inquiry into undercover policing and the operation of the Metropolitan Police's Special Demonstration Squad is being established by Home Secretary Theresa May.
James Bond director Sam Mendes has said he does not want to make any more 007 films after the next instalment, which comes out in October.
Northern Ireland Assembly members have voted against legalising abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
Twelve severe flood warnings have been issued for Cumbria and Lancashire, warning people to take immediate action and prepare for flooding.
A man found lying in the street in Glasgow had suffered a fractured skull after being attacked, police have said.
Andrew Willis produced a stunning display to win a surprise 200m breaststroke gold at the British trials and secure a place at the Rio Olympics.
The PlayStation's virtual reality headset is making its way into gamers' homes - the last of this year's three big VR hardware releases.
Scottish League One leaders Livingston were held to a 0-0 draw with Stranraer while nearest challengers Airdrieonians saw their game postponed.
Real Madrid defender Fabio Coentrao has joined French side Monaco on a season-long loan deal.
England claimed two gold medals as Rajiv Ouseph and Chris and Gabby Adcock triumphed in finals at the European Badminton Championships in Denmark.
An investigation has been launched into South Wales Police's response to reported flooding before the death of a missing man.
An overwhelming majority of women MPs have received online and verbal abuse from the public and a third have considered quitting as a result, a BBC Radio 5 live survey suggests.
Have you noticed any of these little guys creeping into your texts and social media, when you know they weren't intended to be there.
We know that the Greek agony is not over - the country's future is still hugely uncertain.
A man who raped a "vulnerable" woman has been jailed for 24 years.
A few miles short of Swindon my car, laden with four teenagers, my wife, one teenager's boyfriend, a dog, and attendant baggage comes to a sudden and it turns out, permanent, halt.
Colombia's Farc rebels say they will begin laying down their arms later on Wednesday as agreed in a peace deal signed in November.
Eugene Laverty secured another seven points in the MotoGP championship by finishing ninth in the fourth round of this year's series at Jerez in Spain.
Three British men who were detained in Germany after their conversations on board an Easyjet flight sparked alarm have been released without charge.
Google has started streaming apps to Android phones so people can use them even if they are not installed on a handset.
Renewable energy sources will continue to grow in the US despite the antipathy of the incoming Trump administration, says President Obama.
Three men have been arrested after police seized guns and several hundred rounds of ammunition in County Meath in the Republic of Ireland.
There was no growth in the Scottish economy in the first three months of this year, according to official figures.
A male cyclist died at a popular mountain biking area in Berkshire.
A man with two previous drink-driving convictions has been jailed for killing a woman in a crash while he was over the limit and flouting a driving ban.
"Timing is everything," says entrepreneur Raquel Johnson.
Northern Ireland will receive an extra £1bn over the next two years as part of the deal that will see the Democratic Unionist Party's 10 MPs back Theresa May's minority government in Commons votes.
Ireland winger Tommy Bowe will remain with Ulster until at least June 2018 after signing a new three-year contract with the IRFU.
World Rugby has introduced a number of law changes to the northern hemisphere game in an effort to stop simulation.
Samsung's latest flagship phones have ditched the physical home button found in their predecessors and introduced a new virtual assistant.
Norwich City goalkeeper John Ruddy was "not massively" surprised about being released by the Championship club this summer after seven years.
Only seven years ago, the very idea that an international climate agreement would come into force today looked hopeless.
Team GB rugby sevens wing Jasmine Joyce says her side are aiming for an historic gold in Rio as they prepare to take on hosts Brazil on Saturday.
Kirk Kerkorian, the son of Armenian immigrants who became a billionaire Las Vegas mogul, has died at the age of 98.
Warrington Wolves completed a Super League double over Wigan to move two points clear at the top of the table.
Parts of Yorkshire could be run by a London-style directly-elected mayor if new plans are proposed in the government's Autumn Statement.
British man Richard Huckle has been jailed for life by a judge at the Old Bailey after admitting 71 charges of sex abuse against children in Malaysia.
The chief rabbi of the UK and Commonwealth has paid tribute to former Israeli PM Shimon Peres, describing him as a "true giant amongst men".
A blanket and a donation to a rare possum sanctuary from the Australian government are among gifts sent from around the world to Princess Charlotte.
Two major out-of-town retail centres that struggled in the economic downturn have been placed on the market.
The Roman Catholic Church in Scotland has issued a "profound apology" to victims of child abuse.
Jersey is to host part of squash's European Team Championships for the first time.
A rare tropical storm battering Hawaii has already caused power blackouts and blocked roads on one island, but no deaths have been reported.
A ban on sympathy strikes by unions not directly involved in a dispute would be repealed under a Labour government, the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
Just one point separates the top four sides in the Premier League - and the title race is destined to remain extremely tight to the very end.
An Israeli soldier and three militants have been killed in a clash inside Israel near its southern border with Egypt, the Israeli military has said.
Planet Venus has put on a show for skywatchers by moving across the face of the Sun as viewed from Earth.
A New Zealand man serving a life sentence for child molestation and murder who escaped to Brazil is now in custody, New Zealand police say.
A woman who was filmed shouting racist abuse on a London tram in a video watched by 11 million people has been given a community sentence.
Gay couples on the Isle of Man will get the right to a civil partnership after a new law was signed in Tynwald.
Country music guitarist Arthur Smith, best known for the theme tune from the 1972 film Deliverance, has died.
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has had "successful" surgery on a hip injury in the United States.
Former X Factor finalist Stacey Solomon has defended the use of a clipboard on the opening night of a pantomime.
Four men have been arrested after four people were stabbed during a disturbance in a Kilmarnock street.
Newcastle United missed three spot-kicks as Hull City beat the Championship leaders 3-1 on penalties to reach the EFL Cup semi-final.
Kerry Smith has resigned as a UKIP prospective parliamentary candidate after apologising for offensive remarks he made in a phone call.
An additional slice of funding has been agreed in order to allow £3.1m plans for a major art gallery in Kirkcudbright to proceed.
Paralympic table tennis gold medallist Rob Davies, Tom Matthews and Paul Davies beat world champions Italy to win gold in the men's class 1 team event at the German Open on Saturday.
Police are searching the area around a tower block in Aberdeen where a woman and two men died in a disturbance.
Derek Lyle scored twice as Queen of the South battered Championship new boys Brechin City.
The US Congress has sent a bill to the president that would bar Iran's pick for ambassador to the UN from entering the country.
The renewables firm behind plans for a major wind farm in the south of Scotland has confirmed that work will start on the site next month.
The Pope has offered a private prayer at the former Auschwitz death camp.
A group of "warriors" are staging a 300-mile march to echo King Harold's journey to the Battle of Hastings.
Former England centre Sam Burgess returned to rugby league because his "heart wasn't in" rugby union and because he was also stung by criticism from ex-players.
The widow of a policeman allegedly murdered in Indonesia has rejected a "donation" from his accused Australian killer.
King's College London could become the first British university to open a European campus since the referendum.
Ant and Dec are in competition with themselves at this year's National Television Awards.
Johnny Williams knows he has a fight on his hands to keep hold of the number 12 jersey at London Irish, despite a whirlwind start to his senior career.
Fifa's chief independent ethics investigator has called for a "change of culture" at the organisation.
A transgender woman accused of raping a girl when still living as a man, has a conviction of possessing indecent images of children, a court has heard.
Manchester United record goalscorer Wayne Rooney has rejoined Everton for an undisclosed fee, 13 years after leaving the Merseyside club.
Ian Marsden has lifted, cycled, fired and paddled for Great Britain during a sporting career that has seen him requiring reconstructive spinal surgery which left him needing to use a wheelchair.
The main exhibition at this year's Dubai Design Week, Iconic City: Brilliant Beirut, presents a cleverly conceived display of the Lebanese capital's design evolution from 1950 until the present.
BREAKING: Reporter can't tell you what's happened.
Three people involved in one of the UK's biggest mortgage frauds, worth up to £24m, must repay some of the money they made.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged his supporters to be "a bit cautious" after an opinion poll suggested he will romp to victory in Labour's leadership contest.
The first and deputy first ministers have held a private meeting with the prime minister in London, Downing Street sources have confirmed.
Vandals have sprayed-painted a controversial Anish Kapoor sculpture on display in the gardens of France's Palace of Versailles.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick as Saracens prepared for next weekend's European Champions Cup final by comfortably beating Worcester.
England were in danger of wasting a good platform on the first day of the second Test against South Africa until Ben Stokes got going late on.
The proportion of UK households where no adult aged 16 to 64 is in work is at its lowest since comparable records began in 1996, official figures show.
Magician and entertainer Paul Daniels, 77, has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, his family has said.
Christmas shoppers are being warned to check their presents after a raft of fake goods were seized on their way into the UK.
A 26-page job advert for a chief constable has been described as "ploddledegook" by the Plain English Campaign.
Labour has made two gains in Lancashire taking one seat from the Conservatives and another from the Liberal Democrats.
The 9-4 favourite Don Cossack and jockey Bryan Cooper held off the challenge of Djakadam to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup.
Ultimate Fighting Championship bantamweight champion Holly Holm says she does not want to be known as a "one-hit wonder".
A Labour MP who quit the frontbench to rebel over Brexit says he will "keep the option open" of one day running for leader.
A sheep trapped on a ledge on the side of a cliff has been rescued.
Joe Burgess scored a hat-trick as Wigan produced an emphatic final 20 minutes to win at Catalans Dragons.
One US service member has been killed and two wounded reportedly during a special forces mission in Afghanistan's southern Helmand province.
The security services in Germany are scrambling to track down and arrest far-right fugitives and Germany's federal and state interior ministers have announced they are taking concrete steps towards banning the country's far right National Democratic Party, the NPD.
World number two Stuart Bingham suffered a shock defeat by world number 62 Yu Delu of China in the second round of the UK Championship in York.
New US Secretary of State John Kerry has been holding talks with his Turkish counterpart on the conflict in Syria.
Arsene Wenger says Arsenal's recovery in their incredible 7-5 victory over Reading in the Capital One Cup took them from "disaster to pride" .
Coach Hugo Broos has told BBC Sport he welcomes an inquiry by the Cameroon Football Federation (Fecafoot) into the administrative problems suffered by the African champions.
Editing a newspaper is an extremely rewarding and tough job, probably harder these days than a few decades ago, because of scarcity of resources and the demands of the internet.
Dog skin boots and perfume containing urine were among a range of fake goods seized by Police Scotland.
Mark Selby staged a remarkable comeback to beat defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan 18-14 in the final of the World Championship in Sheffield.
The United Nations will ask Syria to allow the air drop of humanitarian aid to areas under siege, diplomats say.
Seven months after a terrorist massacre in its capital city, France raises the curtain on Friday evening on one of the world's biggest sporting events.
A film about songwriter Edwyn Collins is to be given a special screening to raise awareness about strokes.
Mirco Antenucci's second-half strike saw Uwe Rosler's Leeds rescue a point against his old club Brentford.
Monaco restored their three-point lead at the top of Ligue 1 thanks to a comfortable victory at relegation-threatened Nancy on Saturday.
South Yorkshire Police has appointed its second interim chief in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests.
An SNP MSP has spoken about the loss of his child as he urged Scotland's health secretary to widen a review into baby deaths at a Kilmarnock hospital.
Chelsea captain John Terry said there has been "no communication" between him and the club despite boss Guus Hiddink suggesting he could stay.
Two people have been arrested after a man suffered head injuries in an serious attack in County Down.
Former pop star Gary Glitter has been jailed for a total of 16 years for sexually abusing three young girls between 1975 and 1980.
The government is planning to make it easier to fine firms that hound members of the public with nuisance calls.
The FBI says it has rescued 105 children and arrested 150 pimps in 76 US cities over the weekend, in an operation against child prostitution.
Cardiff's local TV channel, Made In Cardiff, has announced that it will begin broadcasting programmes on 15 October at 20:00.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has been advised to demolish the damaged west stand at Windsor Park, the BBC understands.
The US government's declaration that it has "successfully accessed the data stored on [San Bernardino gunman] Farook's iPhone and therefore no longer requires" assistance from Apple, ends a six week-long legal clash between the tech firm and the FBI.
Online grocer Ocado has announced a rise in annual profits, but a long-awaited overseas deal has not yet materialised.
Five foreign climbers have fallen to their deaths in the Valais canton in the Swiss Alps.
An elderly woman, who was stuck in her bath for four days, was rescued by a waitress who realised she had not come in for her usual lunch and wine.
Drivers have faced a seven-mile tailback after an early morning accident on the M8 in Glasgow caused damage to a bridge.
The man suspected of shooting dead nine people at an African-American church in Charleston should face the death penalty if convicted, South Carolina's governor has said.
A deal is reported to have been reached to end a mutiny at a prison in Syria by hundreds of mostly political detainees.
Kate Atkinson has won the Costa novel award for the second time in three years for A God in Ruins - the companion novel to Life After Life, which won the award in 2013.
Authorities from Singapore and Indonesia are searching for six people, after a chemical tanker collided with a freighter in the Singapore Strait.
(Close): The FTSE slumped in afternoon trade after being ahead at midday.
Australia ended a six-match losing run with a 23-17 victory over South Africa in the Rugby Championship in Brisbane.
Macclesfield earned a last-minute point from a 1-1 draw at second-placed Dagenham.
Former England rugby union captain David Perry has died at the age of 79.
At the University of Leicester, there's been a remarkable exhibition of photographs charting the impact of immigration on Britain and the city itself.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says that fans should give January signing Saido Berahino time to make an impact in the Potteries, and that he should be truly judged from next season.
British divers have claimed their second medal of the World Aquatics Championships with Tom Daley and Rebecca Gallantree combining to win gold in the team event.
Particles of debris from car tyres are ending up in the ocean as "plastic soup", conservationists warn.
Human remains found in West Lothian last week have been identified as one of Scotland's most wanted men.
A statute to a Leicester woman, jailed five times for her part in the Suffragette movement, will be built after an anonymous donor came forward.
A fifth UK jihadist fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria has been added to a UN sanctions list.
A man has died after apparently being thrown from a go-kart at a track.
A woman with a fear of snakes discovered a 2ft-long kingsnake curled up in her kitchen drawer.
A dog is "lucky to be alive" after it was discovered "dumped" over a six foot fence, surrounded by "frozen solid faeces", the RSPCA has said.
The Ministry of Defence will struggle to afford plans to buy new jets, ships and armoured vehicles, the government spending watchdog has warned.
Wall Street shares closed higher on Wednesday, with financial stocks leading the way.
US Vice-President-elect Mike Pence was booed on Friday at a performance of the hit musical Hamilton.
Oldham boss John Sheridan says he needs at least five or six new signings before the transfer window shuts.
A man who verbally abused staff at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry has been jailed for 10 months.
Spanish bank Santander has reported a rise in net profit in the third quarter compared with a year ago, helped by its performance in emerging markets in Latin America.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "feeling that fire inside me" as he tries to leapfrog Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the top of the drivers' championship in Hungary this weekend.
The United States' likely new spymaster, Mike Pompeo, is a hardline Republican Congressman and a national security hawk with a background in military and intelligence affairs.
Sussex completed victory over Leicestershire by an innings and 59 runs inside two days by skittling them for just 119 at Grace Road.
A man suspected of carrying out an attack on a factory near Lyon in France in which a man was found decapitated continues to be questioned by police.
Residents are beginning to return to their flooded homes, even as more rains are expected in the state of Louisiana.
Wales men's hockey team are through to the semi-finals of the World League 2 tournament with a 3-0 win over Italy.
A number of employees at a DFS furniture store have been suspended over allegations they made fun at the appearance of a customer.
Mae diswyddiadau yn "debygol iawn" o gael eu cyflwyno ym Mhrifysgol Aberystwyth, yn ôl is-ganghellor y sefydliad.
Being miserable or stressed will not increase your risk of dying, according to the UK's Million Women Study.
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg says he is "disappointed" with the decision to postpone the introduction of extra cockpit head protection until 2018.
A video of a blindfolded Muslim teenager in Nottingham giving out free hugs has attracted millions of views on social media.
An overgrown Australian sheep affectionately named Chris has set a new unofficial world record following a hair cut from five shearers.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an attempt to stop the government making a controversial biometric identity card mandatory for social welfare schemes.
Lisburn and Castlereagh Council is investigating the dumping of tyres at a bonfire site in Dundonald.
Phil Brown marked his fourth anniversary in charge of Southend with a third consecutive win as his side beat Wimbledon in League One.
Facebook is to roll out an app that lets users watch the platform's video content on television.
Ray McKinnon has left Brechin City to become Raith Rovers manager, with Maurice Malpas standing down as director of football at Stark's Park.
When Newport County threw a teenage Michael Flynn out of their youth academy for defying club rules, he feared he would spend his life doing his part time job, stacking shelves in the local supermarket.
Activity in the UK construction sector expanded at its fastest rate in 17 months in May, boosted by a surprise rebound in homebuilding, a survey says.
A hospital doctor who went on the run after covertly filming up women's skirts in a shopping centre has been struck off.
An Australian man has taken himself to hospital after a venomous redback spider bit him on the penis.
A Scottish couple made an unusual bit of British military history when the wife handed over command of an Army unit to her husband.
The UK has a "moral" duty to guarantee the status of EU nationals living in the country ahead of negotiations over its exit, a group of peers has said.
Looters who targeted flood victims' homes in York have been condemned by police.
Lord Barnard has died at his County Durham castle, his family has confirmed.
Cornwall golfer Sammie Giles says she is planning to turn professional.
Hearts left-back Faycal Rherras has been given a late call-up to Morocco's Africa Cup of Nations squad.
A free school in Berkshire has been officially opened by the Queen.
Amazon shares have surged more than 18% in after-hours trading after it reported a surprise profit and better-than-expected sales figures.
Rangers caretaker Graeme Murty praised his players for answering their critics as they ended Celtic's winning streak.
Mark Cavendish must finish in the omnium top three at the Track Cycling World Championships to have a chance of competing at the Olympics, says British Cycling technical chief Shane Sutton.
A report into a planned £1.7bn potash mine has said its economic benefits do not outweigh the harm it would cause the North York Moors national park.
Premier League academy teams will be allowed to play in the EFL Trophy in a one-season trial in 2016-17.
A 12-seat private box in the Royal Albert Hall close to where the Queen sits when she attends events has gone on sale for £2.5m.
Shrewsbury Town have re-signed striker Stefan Payne from Championship side Barnsley for an undisclosed fee.
"Monstrously disrespectful" thieves have wrecked and ransacked a church in Monmouthshire.
Firefighters have extinguished a blaze at Japan's famous Tsukiji fish market - the largest in the world and a top tourist attraction.
City regulators have published final rules that make top bank executives responsible for the misconduct of their employees -unless they can show they took steps to stop it.
Glamorgan's Colin Ingram and Luke Wright of Sussex hit the first T20 Blast centuries of the summer in a high-scoring clash at Arundel.
Fire crews had to free a 79-year-old woman who was trapped under a car following a crash in Blairgowrie.
A woman who became a campaigner against domestic violence after her son was killed by his father last February has been named Australian of the Year.
A Belfast businessman has said he has hundreds of hours of tapes showing an "ingrained culture of inappropriate and possibly illegal conduct" across political, banking, legal and accountancy sectors.
The cost of a cuppa will have to rise, according to the boss of Typhoo.
Two soldiers from 1st Battalion Irish Guards killed in Afghanistan just six days before they were due to return home have been named.
Aberdeen councillors are being warned they face prison or fines if they break London Stock Exchange laws on insider dealing, BBC Scotland has learned.
Burnley celebrated boss Sean Dyche's new contract by beating leaders Hull City to close within a point of them.
Oxford United have signed midfielder Ivo Pekalski from Swedish side Halmstads for an undisclosed fee.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club.
Six pets worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a dog walker's van in south London.
Anton Yelchin did not write a will before he died and left behind a $1.4m (£1.06m) estate, according to court documents filed by his parents.
Crawley completed a double over Newport County with a comfortable 2-0 victory.
A cat has been rescued from under the bonnet of a van after travelling about 60 miles in a space behind the heater matrix.
A 15-year-old girl who was allegedly sent indecent messages by former US congressman Anthony Weiner has criticised the director of the FBI.
It's strange to go to the cinema and come out feeling like you've seen an utterly brilliant film and a truly awful film at the same time - but the new Baywatch really does tick both boxes.
(Close): Disney shares closed down 9% after disappointing earnings figures sparking share price falls in rival cable companies.
Dunfermline climbed to the top of the Championship with an emphatic victory at Dumbarton.
Shares in banknote printer De La Rue tumbled almost 9% after the firm reported lower full-year profits and cut its dividend by 40%.
London Irish number eight Rob McCusker believes confidence can flourish among his team-mates after their crucial Premiership victory against Worcester.
Care firms have cancelled contracts with 95 UK councils, saying they cannot deliver services for the amount they are being paid, a BBC Panorama investigation has found.
Russian Aleksey Troshkin won the Jersey Marathon for the third year in a row, with his time of two hours, 18 minutes and 28 seconds just outside his own course record.
Emi Mahmoud, the reigning World Poetry Slam Champion, has written a poem for the BBC 100 Women season.
North Korea says its firing of a missile over Japan was "the first step" of military operations in the Pacific, signalling plans for more launches.
Additional checks are being carried on a North Sea helicopter fleet in the wake of safety fears.
A 38-year-old man is due to appear in court charged with the attempted murder of a Catholic police officer in 2008.
A hotel in the heart of Cardiff has admitted "unacceptable" failings, after a BBC Wales investigation uncovered dirty rooms.
A woman has been charged with murdering a 75-year-old man and with attempting to murder a woman on the same day.
Ciaran Clark scored an agonising own goal as the Republic of Ireland were held to a frustrating draw against Sweden in their opening Euro 2016 fixture in Paris.
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said his decision to award Prince Philip a knighthood was "injudicious".
Nigeria's airport in the capital, Abuja, has reopened six weeks after it was closed for urgent repairs.
An apprentice joiner from Hawick has won more than £20,000 from a £3 football bet.
A 91-year-old former soldier has been awarded one of France's highest honours for his role in the D-Day landings.
Eighteen new first class stamps are being released by the Royal Mail to celebrate the Star Wars movies.
Would you take your children out of school during term-time?
Reports of thousands of small fish being washed up on beaches in Ceredigion and Gwynedd are no cause for concern, said Natural Resources Wales (NRW).
Russia is honouring Scottish veterans of the World War Two Arctic Convoys at a ceremony in Glasgow.
Scientists have discovered a species of ancient mammal that survived the event that led to the end of the dinosaurs.
The Scottish Professional Football League is considering the use of facial recognition technology at stadiums to help combat anti-social behaviour.
The partner of a woman killed with "demonic savagery" exchanged explicit texts and photos with the woman accused of her murder, a court has heard.
A project aiming to tackle violence suffered by parents at the hands of their children has been hailed a success in Doncaster.
A beach brawl on the French island of Corsica between three families of North African descent and local youths has left five people injured and three cars burnt out, regional prosecutors say.
A man with a rare type of leukaemia whose wife raised £400,000 to cover his medical costs in the USA is "well under way" with his cancer treatment.
In the summer of 1995, two years after being designated a United Nations Safe Area, the Bosnian town of Srebrenica became the scene of the worst massacre in the Bosnian war.
A rare buttercup is being reintroduced in South Gloucestershire.
Police are treating the disappearance of a five-year-old girl in Powys as a suspected abduction.
The number of people who have fled South Sudan because of the country's civil war has passed the one million mark, the UN refugee agency says.
Scottish Labour Leader Kezia Dugdale has pledged to oppose the Scottish government's budget if it does not embrace a 50p top rate of tax.
UN aid agencies have expressed concern about the safety of scores of men and boys detained by the Syrian authorities after being evacuated from Homs.
Wales women hockey came from behind to complete a three-Test whitewash over their Scottish counterparts.
Firefighters in Lincolnshire have seen a doubling in the number of calls to assist the ambulance service treat obese people in one year.
A banjo ukulele owned by popular 1930s and 40s entertainer George Formby is to be auctioned, with an estimated sale price of £30,000.
A new production of the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical Sunset Boulevard has received a positive response from critics.
Iran has rejected Israeli allegations that it was behind a shipment of Syrian-made rockets intended for Palestinian militants in Gaza.
A Russian jury has found five ethnic Chechen men guilty of murdering leading opposition politician Boris Nemtsov.
England football captain John Terry will stand trial for alleged racist abuse in July, after the final of the European Championship in July.
An Iranian drone has flown dangerously close to a US fighter jet as it was about to land on a carrier in the Gulf, the US Navy says.
India's health ministry has ordered an inquiry after a study found cancer-causing chemicals in many bread and other bakery products.
David Bowie has been posthumously nominated for the British artist of the year prize at the BBC Music Awards.
Southampton, the biggest cruise port in Britain, has no way of monitoring air pollution generated by emissions from the largest ships in the world.
Republican Donald Trump has been criticised by the family of a dead US soldier after saying as president he would have kept him alive.
The Northern Ireland housing market remains "dysfunctional" and poses a risk to economic recovery, a Stormont-backed taskforce has concluded.
The last surviving founder of the left-wing Sandinista movement in Nicaragua, Tomas Borge, has died aged 81.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill will begin the build-up to Rio 2016 by competing in the javelin at the Loughborough International Athletics match on Sunday.
New Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has never been afraid to have an argument or make it clear who is in charge.
Social media was captivated by a 150-year-old wedding dress that had been lost after a dry cleaners went bust.
A paedophile doctor who abused young cancer victims kept one boy on as a patient for a year even though he was not ill.
Being told that your call is valued is the most annoying feature for those waiting on the phone to a company, a new survey suggests.
If someone told you they were taking pigs for a walk in the Brecon Beacons, you might think they were telling porkies.
Michael Raynes' late equaliser earned Carlisle United a key point in a 2-2 draw with fellow League Two promotion hopefuls Leyton Orient.
Scotland flanker John Hardie wants to end a nightmarish eight months with a win against Fiji on Saturday in Suva.
Ivanka Trump's brand is booming, says the fashion firm, as one estimate says sales have jumped five-fold.
The chief minister of the Isle of Man has said abortion laws on the island "need changing".
Hundreds of migrants were given a warm welcome when they arrived at Munich train station in Germany.
Donald Trump has defended his hardline stance on immigration, a day after it was attacked by fellow Republican presidential candidates on national TV
Wakefield coach Chris Chester has signed a new two-year deal.
Reddit's new chief executive has confirmed he plans to take fresh action against parts of the site containing offensive and obscene content.
Water levels at a loch created in the 1950s have dropped low enough to reveal structures usually hidden underwater.
Exiled Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky has been found dead at his home outside London.
Many had tipped Clyde as promotion favourites last season based on their appointment of Barry Ferguson as manager, but the former Rangers midfielder has had to return to the drawing board after failing to even reach the play-offs.
The boss of two care homes said he was unaware vulnerable residents were being locked in so-called punishment rooms.
Harlequins centre Joe Marchant has signed a new and extended contract with the Premiership club.
Action is needed to stop the Middle East "disintegrating" under the threat of militant Islamists, Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu said at the start of talks in London with David Cameron.
Tanzania's President-elect John Magufuli will be inaugurated on Thursday following his landslide victory in fiercely contested elections.
Michael Essien believes former club Chelsea will be hard to catch in the Premier League title race.
Hamilton Academical have released defenders Jesus Garcia Tena and Dan Seaborne "in order to allow them to find new clubs ahead of next season".
Ten lorries have been used during tests of a new state-of-the-art structural monitoring system installed at the Forth Road Bridge for the first time.
Students who lost work in the Glasgow School of Art (GSA) fire are showing new work made possible through a special programme set up to help them.
The first police officer to arrive at the Bataclan has described the "indescribable moment of fear" he felt on entering the scene of the massacre.
Usain Bolt believes he can lower both his 100m and 200m world records, and aims to be the first man to break 19 seconds for the longer distance.
A developer says he has had to remortgage his house to pay the £250,000 excavation costs after finding 81 Anglo-Saxon coffins on his land.
Gunmen have killed two Egyptian police in the city of Giza, officials said.
Welsh Water put £338m into capital projects in the past year, up £76m on 2012, its financial results show.
US President Barack Obama plans to close a tax loophole that allows US firms to avoid paying taxes on overseas profits, the White House says.
Romania's Simona Halep moved within one win of a first Grand Slam title and the number one ranking with victory over Karolina Pliskova at the French Open.
A bus carrying almost 30 school children became stuck in flood water near York after the driver allegedly ignored a road closure sign.
An A&E unit hit by staff shortages should have an emergency service for children with minor injuries within a few weeks, doctors hope.
Tourists from around Japan have been flocking to a tiny fishing community, to see what has been nicknamed Cat Island.
Essex chief executive Derek Bowden says Mohammad Amir must be allowed to get on with his career, with the Pakistan bowler set to join the club in 2017.
Arsonists are believed to have started a fire which has damaged a Roman Catholic church on the Sea of Galilee in northern Israel, police say.
Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson has revealed that she feared she was going to die when she learned she had a brain tumour.
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar began his three-day visit to Canada by taking part in the Montreal Pride Parade.
US actor Steven Seagal has been given Russian citizenship, the Kremlin says.
Mansfield Town have signed striker Yoann Arquin after the Frenchman left Swedish side Syrianska.
Six firefighters have rescued a young boy whose head was stuck in a toilet trainer seat.
Pregnancy multivitamins are a waste of money because most mothers-to-be do not need them, according to researchers.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton denies his side are enduring a slump in form, and said their recent goal-scoring record is down to tougher defences.
There were more than 4,000 earthquakes recorded across Scotland over the past 50 years, including  a 4.4 magnitude quake in Knoydart Peninsula in 1974.
The eastern Caribbean nation of Barbados was historically heavily dependent on the export of sugar as its main revenue earner, but in recent decades the economy has diversified into tourism and offshore finance.
French President Francois Hollande's visit to Moscow comes at a time of fast-shifting diplomatic alignments and priorities, triggered by the spread of Islamic State (IS) terror.
Sheffield City council has spent £190,000 lobbying for a proposed HS2 station to be moved from Meadowhall to the city centre, it has emerged.
A transgender teenager is taking legal action against his former school for discrimination.
Footage of a lorry overtaking a van on a level crossing in Lincolnshire has been released by British Transport Police.
The doctor who would give experimental treatment to a baby who has a rare genetic condition has admitted the case was "uncharted territory".
Scottish Professional Football League chief executive Neil Doncaster believes the possible advent of summer football is an issue of some complexity.
A teenager has been arrested following the death of a wallaby at a farm play park in the south of Scotland.
Watford could be without up to six central defenders, with Adrian Mariappa (knee) and Miguel Britos (calf) facing late fitness tests.
A 16-year-old boy has been seriously assaulted in what police said was a "large-scale disturbance" near Glasgow.
Since the end of March, hundreds of people have been gathering every evening in the Place de la Republique in Paris.
The creation of a new 85-mile trail through Snowdonia has been boosted by a £53,000 grant.
Celtic's Croatian defender Jozo Simunovic will be absent for four to six weeks with knee ligament damage.
The entertainer Michael Barrymore is to get "more than nominal damages" after claiming his wrongful arrest by police destroyed his career.
Amber Hill and Steve Scott both won gold medals at the 2015 ISSF Shotgun World Cup final in Cyprus.
Three family members have been jailed for forcing a man to do heavy labour for tiny amounts in Cardiff.
The number of bodies found in a mass grave in Venezuela's largest prison has risen to 14, the public prosecutor's office said in a statement.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has used crude language in a furious new attack on Turkey over the shooting down of a Russian combat jet last month.
Doncaster Rovers Belles midfielder Ashleigh Mills has ended her playing career at the age of 20 after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
Militants have attacked a hotel in the Libyan capital Tripoli, killing at least nine people including five foreigners, officials say.
Five Yorkshire vicars are preparing for a five-day motorbike "pilgrimage" from Yorkshire to Iona off the west coast of Scotland.
Michael Jackson's brother Jermaine has called for an end to the Jackson family feud over the late pop star's estate.
The Scottish Ambulance Service had a busier Hogmanay than last year.
Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi has said "all options are open" to deal with any threat to his country's water supply posed by an Ethiopian dam.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash is considering his future involvement in rugby league after losing their appeal against a six-point deduction for breaching salary cap regulations.
Sir Elton John and Dame Helen Mirren have been lined up to host episodes of US comedy sketch show Saturday Night Live in April.
Shrewsbury Town defender Mickey Demetriou will miss the rest of the season because of a knee injury.
A review of the use of monkeys in UK medical research says the practice should continue and finds the current work to be generally of good quality.
Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton has been investigated by police after appearing to take a selfie while riding a motorbike in New Zealand.
The curtain is set to fall on a music venue in Derby where a host of famous acts have thrilled fans for decades.
London 2012 Olympian Helen Richardson-Walsh has missed out on England's Hockey World Cup squad after back surgery.
Swedish police say they do not believe the Viola Beach crash driver "intended to kill himself or the band".
There might have been a few concerned England batsmen when news filtered through that the decision review system (DRS) will be in place for their tour of India next month.
A man accused of terrorism offences downloaded a video showing a British aid worker being beheaded, a court heard.
The number of Chinese visitors to Oxfordshire has almost doubled in the last ten years, figures have shown.
A 90-year-old former teacher who is already in jail for child sex offences has had two years added to his sentence after four more victims came forward.
Bryan Habana equalled Jonah Lomu's World Cup try-scoring record with a hat-trick as South Africa reached the quarter-finals by thrashing USA.
A grieving man who has been the target of a series of homophobic attacks has had his new north Belfast home vandalised.
A Canadian woman missed a "trip of a lifetime" Galapagos cruise after being bumped from a flight.
South Yorkshire Police has been awarded £10.7m to cover legal fees incurred from the new Hillsborough inquests.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a man who was shot in the chest at his Berkshire home.
Swindon Town have appointed caretaker boss Luke Williams as head coach on a five-year contract.
The mother of a woman who went missing 20 years ago and is believed to have been murdered has said the recent arrests have given her hope.
Southend United gave their fading League One play-off hopes a boost with a home victory over Sheffield United.
Tight-head prop Aaron Jarvis is flying to New Zealand to join Wales as cover for Paul James, who has a calf injury.
Ouch!
Huge pillow fights among US cadets to mark the end of summer training at the prestigious West Point military academy are to be banned, officials say.
Film-maker Bill Forsyth has donated an artwork to Glasgow School of Art.
A police force has admitted to unlawfully accessing the private phone records of journalists and a solicitor.
A 22-year-old man who was arrested by police investigating dissident republican activity has been released unconditionally.
Colchester United midfielder Owen Garvan has had his contract with the League Two club cancelled by mutual consent for personal reasons.
The Australian airline Qantas is grounding all international and domestic flights with immediate effect due to an industrial dispute.
A cyclist accused of killing a woman by ploughing into her in a London street began shouting at her as she lay injured, a court has heard.
A customer has been stabbed to death in a Poundland store in Oxfordshire.
Lazio have signed Italy striker Ciro Immobile from Sevilla for an undisclosed fee - reported to be around 8.5m euros (£7.1m).
Local authorities in Wales broke data protection laws over 60 times in 2012, BBC Wales has learned.
The football-themed funeral of a boy who died from cancer has taken place after Chelsea captain John Terry paid for it.
Hamilton Academical ended their three-year absence from Scotland's top flight after a dramatic penalty shootout that consigned Hibernian to relegation.
A murder inquiry has begun into the death of a man who was found tied up and stabbed in his home in County Antrim.
England conceded a 95th-minute goal as they suffered an agonising defeat by France in their SheBelieves Cup opener.
Almost 84,000 new cars were sold in February in the UK - the highest level for the month since 2004.
Two Pembrokeshire beauty spots have been named among the 10 best places to go in Europe for a family holiday.
England's Ian Poulter says he will "come back stronger than ever" after losing his PGA Tour card by missing the cut at the Texas Open.
He's best known for his role as criminal mastermind Walter White in Breaking Bad.
A man is being treated in hospital after he was struck by a bus in Glasgow city centre.
A 30-year-old man has made a brief appearance in court at Dumfries on a charge of rape.
Justin Bieber has cancelled 14 concerts that he was due to perform in Asia and North America as part of his Purpose World Tour.
The way that higher education is funded in Northern Ireland is "no longer sustainable", Employment and Learning Minister Stephen Farry has said.
First Minister Peter Robinson has said there will be repercussions if it is found that the Provisional IRA was involved in the murder of Kevin McGuigan Sr.
Oil giant Shell is being sued in London for the second time in five years over spills in the Niger Delta.
A woman has admitted pretending her dead mother was still alive for more than 20 years so she could carry on drawing her pension.
Olympic medallist Anna Chicherova has vowed to clear her name after learning she is one of 14 Russian athletes to have failed a doping retest.
Concerns over some students' unions' support for a boycott of Israel are being looked into by the Charity Commission, the BBC has learned.
Adam Voges scored 92 as Middlesex's lower order kept Hampshire's bowlers at bay to earn a draw for the champions.
For the last 48 hours Twitter has beenâ€¦ well, all of a Twitter.
Large areas of southern China are on emergency alert as a powerful typhoon batters the region.
Goats are being used as a handy new way to recycle unwanted Christmas trees.
A pregnant woman was rescued from her car by a farmer after becoming trapped amid widespread flood warnings across Lancashire.
Former England rugby international Brian Moore is recovering in intensive care at St George's hospital in London after suffering a heart attack.
Transport Scotland will present a draft outline of the proposed improvements to a challenging hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness next week.
It's begun.
British pair Tom Daley and Dan Goodfellow won 10m syncro silver in the Dubai leg of the Diving World Series.
It was not "medically plausible" a 15-year-old Hillsborough victim regained consciousness and said "mum" before he died, an inquest jury heard.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Intermediate teams manager Rob Page says Wales Under-20s were under par despite a 1-0 win over Bahrain in the Toulon Tournament.
The Brazilian Senate has approved a controversial amendment to the constitution capping public spending for the next 20 years.
Godolphin trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni has been banned from racing for eight years after doping horses at one of the world's leading racing operations.
Women's Sport Week will be "a fantastic campaign" and "encourage more women to try a new sport", says minister for sport Tracey Crouch.
The value of Bitcoin has hit a new high with each individual coin now worth more than $2,100 (£1,615).
Residents of Belfast's Holyland are due to meet the minister responsible for universities later to discuss students' involvement in disorder in their area.
Remote communities are not receiving the compensation they are entitled to from schemes designed to conserve tropical forests, a study suggests.
The Queen has made a surprise visit to the Aboyne Highland Games in Aberdeenshire.
A prison officer became the "paid mole" of a reporter working at the Daily Mirror and News of the World over five years, a court has heard.
It's billed as having the simplicity of a motorbike and the freedom of a helicopter.
Promoted Grimsby Town have made their second signing since returning to the Football League by bringing in defender Zak Mills from National League North neighbours Boston United.
The UK's first city-wide electric bike scheme has been launched in Exeter.
There's a retro vibe afoot: the planned mothballing of two steel plants in Lanarkshire brings back the 1980s as if it were... well, 30 years ago.
Mae elusen sydd yn cynnig grantiau i gapeli ac eglwysi yn ystyried rhoi'r arian i'r rhai sydd â "chenhadaeth amlwg" yn hytrach nag i drwsio'r adeiladau pan fo yna beryg iddyn nhw gau.
Scarlets coach Wayne Pivac says Wales will gain when Stephen Jones joins their coaching team next summer.
Wales Under-20s warmed up for the 2017 World Rugby Junior Championship with a 29-22 victory over Scotland at Bridgend's Brewery Field.
Cilla Black was ailing and "willed herself to die", according to a long-time friend.
Swansea triathlete Holly Lawrence has won the women's half ironman 70.3 World Championship in Australia.
Manchester City's friendly trip to face Major League Soccer side Houston Dynamo is in doubt after flooding in the city.
West Brom have rejected an offer from Tottenham for England Under-21 striker Saido Berahino.
The way arts bodies responded publicly to a critical review was "not helpful", Economy Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man claiming to be a police officer raped a teenager at knifepoint after stopping her on a street in north London and accusing her of shoplifting.
Asian stock markets held on to gains in Thursday trading, following the positive trend from US and European markets.
A top Islamist militant who ordered a deadly attack on an Algerian gas plant two years ago has been killed in a US air strike in Libya, officials say.
At least four major US firms have pulled millions of dollars in advertising from Google’s platform amid rows over extremist content.
The sizzling summer of 1976 caused permanent changes to British forests, new research suggests.
Pop star Katy Perry is facing the wrath of Indians online after uploading an image of the Hindu goddess Kali with the caption "current mood".
Four more people were rescued overnight from a hotel in Italy destroyed by an avalanche three days ago.
Three of the UK's top tea brands have stopped buying from a group of Indian plantations after a BBC investigation exposed dangerous working conditions.
Jonny Bairstow's second century of the series helped England recover from another top-order collapse to reach 279-6 on day one of the third Test with Sri Lanka.
Gareth Southgate will feel a sense of cautious optimism after his first two matches as permanent England manager in succession to Sam Allardyce - but some familiar questions remain.
The ancient remains of two human-like creatures found in South Africa could change the way we view our origins.
Authorities are searching for a suspect who hurled a homemade incendiary device into a crowded restaurant in Pasadena, California.
League One club Charlton have signed left-back Lewis Page from West Ham for an undisclosed fee.
In the sun-bleached corner of Nelson Mandela's old prison yard on Robben Island, the desiccated remains of a tiny, weed-ridden garden lie exposed and sadly neglected.
A County Tyrone woman who won £27m in the Euromillions draw in 2013 has been ordered to complete 150 hours of community service after pleading guilty to assaulting a taxi driver.
Rafael Nadal reached the BNP Paribas Open quarter-finals in Indian Wells after winning the last five games to beat Alexander Zverev 6-7 6-0 7-5.
What adjective would you use to describe England batsman Kevin Pietersen?
A charity has won a Queen's Award for Voluntary Service in Jersey.
A major pro-government rally in Hong Kong is drawing in thousands of supporters, in response to civil disobedience campaigns by activists.
One of the world's biggest ships has begun a new era for the North Sea oil and gas industry.
David Haigh, the former managing director of Leeds United, has been appointed as a committee member at Cornish non-league side Penzance AFC.
IBF world champion Lee Selby is confident his next fight will be against new WBA world featherweight champion Carl Frampton.
Detectives searching for a serving police officer who has been missing for six days have arrested a 49-year-old man on suspicion of murder.
Sir Bradley Wiggins refused to confirm whether he plans to retire after winning the Ghent Six Day event alongside fellow Briton Mark Cavendish.
A United Airlines flight from Belfast to Newark has been diverted to Manchester Airport.
Singer-songwriter Colin Vearncombe, who performed under the name Black, has died at the age of 53, two weeks after being injured in a car crash.
A pregnant woman was among three people targeted when bleach was thrown from a car in two separate attacks.
Nine people had to be treated in hospital for shock after witnessing an incident on the M27 at Southampton.
When a group of baby geese got stuck on the roof of a university building in Canada, fast thinking staff decided to help.
Google has again rejected the EU's objections to how it displays shopping links in its search results.
After successive relegations, Blackpool won their first game in the fourth tier since 2001 with victory at home to Exeter.
My shiny red rental Fiat 500 wound its way up and round the narrow, olive-tree lined lanes like a ladybird humming through the Tuscan countryside.
In 2008, Petrobras and its main stakeholder - the government of Brazil - hit the jackpot.
Actor-turned-artist Shia LaBeouf will no longer face assault charges over a January incident at his anti-Donald Trump art installation.
The father of a vulnerable teenage boy, who has been missing from his home for more than a week, has appealed for him to get in touch.
Detectives investigating the "brutal" murder of a sex worker in Leeds have released a picture of the victim.
The US Secret Service has released new details of last week's White House fence-jumping incident, in which an intruder was discovered just steps from the main building.
Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan have killed at least 22 security force members in an ambush in Sar-e-Pol province north of Kabul, officials say.
A teenager from Lancashire has denied trying to travel to Syria to engage in acts of terrorism.
A Kirkintilloch woman reported missing, after last being seen on Saturday night, has been found safe and well.
Commonwealth champion Jodie Stimpson won the opening race of the 2016 World Triathlon Series in Abu Dhabi.
Italy must step up efforts to contain a bacterial disease blighting olive trees in the southern province of Lecce, the European Commission has warned.
The Co-operative Group has revealed it made a profit of £124m in 2014 compared with a loss of £255m the previous year.
Bristol De Mai romped home to win the Peter Marsh Chase at Haydock as the well-touted Alary disappointed.
Goalline technology will be used in this season's Championship play-offs before being introduced in all second-tier matches in 2017-18, the English Football League has said.
UK intelligence agency GCHQ has announced it will pay £250 per week to students attending its Cyber Summer Schools this year.
A gang of men who assaulted a County Tyrone pensioner during a robbery threatened to shoot two neighbours who came to his aid.
Ex-Premier League footballer Andrea Dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at London department store Harrods, the BBC has learned.
Some 30 campaigners have occupied a former town hall and magistrates' court in Stoke-on-Trent.
Defending champions Ivory Coast have been given extra financial support for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations finals.
Former BBC presenter Julie Wadsworth, accused of sex offences against under-age boys, is the victim of "poisonous and untrue" allegations, her defence claims.
Funding of £1.5m will be used to help West Yorkshire Police review 55 unsolved murders.
Yannick Bolasie's 11-minute hat-trick helped Crystal Palace humiliate relegation-threatened Sunderland.
England captain Eoin Morgan says his side have the confidence to beat New Zealand in Cardiff on Tuesday and reach the Champions Trophy semi-finals.
A new £37m home for York City FC will not be finished until part way through the 2016/17 football season.
China is the "leading suspect" in the massive hack of a US government agency holding the personnel records of millions of Americans, US intelligence chief James Clapper has said.
Nid yw cynghorau yn gwneud y gorau o arian sy'n cael ei roi iddyn nhw i helpu pobl sy'n cael trafferth talu rhent, medd elusen, Shelter Cymru.
A fire station in Northumberland is facing closure amid £500k budget cuts.
Grassroots racing will receive an extra £9.7m in 2018 under new proposals from the British Horseracing Authority.
Workers need to earn about £38,000 a year to afford a mortgage in Yorkshire and the Humber region, a report said.
The government has commissioned an independent assessment of paramilitary organisations in Northern Ireland.
An appeal to pay for cancer treatment for the lead singer of indie band Delays has reached its £100,000 target in 48 hours.
After seven years of talks, MEPs will finally decide whether to ratify the EU's trade deal with Canada during their plenary sitting in Strasbourg this week.
He's 20 and a Northern Ireland U21 international.
Kyle Lafferty scored on his debut to give Hearts a 1-0 win over League Two Elgin City in the League Cup.
Convicted paedophile Christopher Paul Neil has been released from custody and will settle in Vancouver.
A list of the country's top 20 cycling collision hotspots has been drawn up by the charity Sustrans Scotland.
Birmingham City boss Harry Redknapp has been given the all-clear by doctors after emergency cancer surgery.
Notts County Ladies players will be allowed to sign for other sides after the club were liquidated, despite the English transfer window being closed.
The government has started the process of selling more student loan debt to the private financial sector.
Finding savings and fending off cuts has dominated the policing debate in England and Wales for more than five years.
It's the last rites of the 2015 Parliament - and in a frenzy of last minute deal-making, the legislation which can be completed will be rushed to the finishing line, while all manner of bills and other parliamentary business is dropped for lack of time.
Japan has restarted its first nuclear reactor under new safety rules following the 2011 Fukushima disaster.
England hooker Dylan Hartley has been handed an eight-week ban for biting the finger of Ireland's Stephen Ferris.
Veteran Tory Ken Clarke has waded into his party's war of words with UKIP by branding them "a collection of clowns".
Mae cwpwl, o dde Cymru yn wreiddiol, wedi cael eu llofruddio yn Ne Affrica.
An Egyptian judge has quashed a government decision to hand control of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Police cuts in England and Wales are "here to stay", the head of the police watchdog has said.
The process which led to the decision to house the Great Tapestry of Scotland in Tweedbank is to be the subject of an investigation.
A man died and a 90-year-old woman was injured in a collision with a motorcycle on a busy road in Hastings.
The grey, unassuming Sir Geoffrey Howe, now Lord Howe of Aberavon, is not many people's idea of a political hero - but a new play opening in north London aims to change that.
Claims that the classification system for disabled athletes is being manipulated to boost medal chances has been rejected by British Paralympic Association boss Tim Hollingsworth.
ITV has apologised for showing a news item about Sir Lenny Henry receiving a knighthood that briefly featured footage of TV cook Ainsley Harriott.
Newcastle United captain Fabricio Coloccini has written an open letter to fans calling for unity as the club battles to stay in the Premier League.
Whatever Shinzo Abe says, any visit to the Yasakuni shrine by a Japanese prime minister is deeply political and sure to cause offence.
Most fitness trackers are good at measuring heart rate but poor at measuring calories burned, a study suggests.
A man who stabbed a drug dealer to death showed no remorse after the knife went in, a jury has heard.
Star Wars' George Lucas and Mark Hamill are among the big names paying tribute to actor Kenny Baker, who has died aged 81, describing him as "the heart and soul of R2-D2".
St Helens have signed Scotland international forward Adam Walker from Hull KR on a two-year contract.
Two osprey chicks have hatched at a nature reserve in Powys despite fears their parents had paired up too late in the mating season.
Joe Simmonds kicked 11 points in his first Premiership start to help Exeter Chiefs move into second in the table with victory over Newcastle Falcons.
On Saturday at Sandown, Richard Johnson lifted the trophy confirming that he is jump racing's champion jockey.
The Caravans Bill has been passed granting legal protection in NI to both those who holiday in caravans and those who live in them permanently.
When Pooja Dhingra tasted her first macaron she immediately knew what she wanted to do with her life.
A man has been charged with murder after a body was found in a woodland stream in Surrey.
A US student with a three-month-old baby has expressed gratitude to a teacher who offered to babysit so she would not miss classes.
British athlete Jenny Meadows fears the Russian doping allegations could "kill" the sport if proven by an ongoing International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) investigation.
The eurozone's economy is showing signs of recovery after the latest data pointed to a fall in unemployment while growth and inflation picked up.
A man who says he is allergic to electricity should not have had his payments from Cardiff council refused, a judge has ruled.
By-elections to replace councillors in Aberdeenshire and Orkney are being held.
Four teenage boys arrested after a 15-year-old girl was raped have been released on bail.
British sailor Ben Ainslie will not bid for a fifth Olympic gold medal at the 2016 Rio Games and will instead focus on his Americas Cup campaign.
Play has ended in a mass game of football that has been played in a Derbyshire town for centuries.
Super League side St Helens have signed prop Luke Douglas from NRL's Gold Coast Titans on a three-year deal.
Pass marks for GCSEs in England need to be pushed upwards to catch up with high performing education systems in Asia, say researchers from the Education Policy Institute.
Two poems by author JRR Tolkien have been discovered in a 1936 copy of a school annual.
Workers at car giant BMW have voted to reject an offer aimed at resolving a long-running dispute over pensions.
A British Airways flight was forced to turn around because of a "smelly poo".
A dolphin found stranded on a Cornish beach has been put down, say marine rescuers.
Iran's re-elected moderate President Hassan Rouhani has received a further boost after reformists won key council elections in the capital, Tehran.
A woman whose abusive ex-partner has become subject to a landmark police order has said it will keep her family and other women safe.
Swiss voters have rejected a plan to reform the country's corporate tax system, sending the government back to the drawing board.
From unattainable house prices to disappointing pay rises, the financial challenges faced by young adults can seem daunting.
The earliest depiction of Henry VIII's "lost" palace in Surrey could leave the UK unless a buyer comes forward.
Zimbabwe's women beat Cameroon 1-0 in the second leg of their final Olympic qualifier in Harare to book a place at Rio 2016.
A double murderer who killed his mother and her friend has been found strangled in his cell.
The betting industry is licking its financial wounds.
A large blaze has ripped through the site of a former mushroom farm in North Yorkshire.
(Close): US stock markets rallied on Thursday with the Nasdaq closing at a record high.
Mae'r BBC yn bwriadu sefydlu ail orsaf radio genedlaethol yn Gymraeg.
Police have said two devices found in separate security alerts in west Belfast are viable.
A man and his uncle have received life sentences after being found guilty of shooting dead a teenager in south London to "teach him a lesson".
The UK's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has said a whistleblower's concerns about Trident nuclear submarine safety have not been proved.
Thousands of swimmers have headed to the Lake District this weekend to take part in the Great North Swim.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed Lee Novak following the striker's departure from Birmingham.
An appeal started by the cancer fundraiser Stephen Sutton has raised a further £400,000 - only a day after the teenager died.
A Florida woman opened fire on her house guests because they were "too loud" and had overstayed their welcome, police say.
Former CIA agent Evan McMullin has launched an independent campaign for the White House with support from members of the Never Trump movement.
Nearly 1,000 drivers were wrongly sent speeding notices after a temporary limit on a north Wales road was not lifted, figures have shown.
Glastonbury festival-goers have been stuck in queues of up to 12 hours as traffic chaos hit all major routes to the site.
Anthony Stewart scored an injury-time winner against Grimsby to earn Wycombe Wanderers their first victory since March.
Midfielder Harry Clifton has signed a one-year contract extension with League Two side Grimsby Town.
Southampton midfielder James Ward-Prowse has been sidelined for 10 weeks with a fractured foot.
A US woman whose newborn was taken from her because she failed a hospital drug test after eating a poppy seed bagel has won a settlement, says her lawyer.
Maria Sharapova faces the biggest challenge of her tennis career - namely her return to the sport after a 15-month drugs ban -  and it is not just her continued sporting success that is in the spotlight.
James Hume scored a late try as RBAI beat Campbell College 13-3 at Kingspan Stadium to retain the Schools' Cup.
The New Start treaty, signed by the US and Russian presidents, replaces the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (Start), first proposed by US President Ronald Reagan in 1982 and signed in 1991, as the USSR sped towards collapse.
A student who bounced his way into the record books has been stripped of the accolade after it emerged a marathon route was too short.
Exeter prop Brett Sturgess hopes to return to action in time for pre-season as he recovers from knee surgery.
A pair of sloths at an East Sussex zoo failed to breed after it emerged that they were both in fact males.
An inquest has been suspended to allow police to reinvestigate the death of a baby girl who died after being given a fatal drug overdose in hospital.
The long-term future of single-handed rural practices is "unsustainable", a public meeting to protest against the closure of a County Fermanagh GP surgery has been told.
Ellis Harrison's 75th-minute winner was enough for Bristol Rovers to deny Oldham Athletic League One safety as they recorded a narrow victory at the Memorial Stadium.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has opened talks in Geneva on the conflict in Yemen but without the presence of Houthi rebel representatives.
A scheme to tackle water pollution is to be extended.
A teenager in a clown mask who brandished an axe at a pregnant woman left her so scared she threw a brick at him, a court heard.
Growth in the UK construction sector slowed down in January to its weakest level for nine months.
There should be a "root and branch" review of the Department of Education's sustainable schools policy, a Stormont committee has said.
An Australian photographer has captured a rare moment of animal communion with a shot of a fur seal surfing a humpback whale off the New South Wales coast.
If the number of independent brewers in Wales continues to rise, it could hit the 100 mark within the next year.
A gang of armed robbers who stole up to £1.5m in a series of bank and post office raids in Merseyside, Cheshire and east Yorkshire have been jailed.
All photographs courtesy Oxfam
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) says it has opened an investigation into British-Australian mining giant Rio Tinto Group.
The downsides of taking medication for type-2 diabetes may exceed the benefits for some patients, researchers have advised.
Lawyers for a man who says he was tortured after his rendition to Libya have said the Court of Appeal should overturn a block on him suing the UK.
A magnitude 5.1 earthquake has struck the Los Angeles area of southern California, the US Geological Survey says.
Retaking Sinjar would be extremely important strategically and for the morale of the Kurdish people in their fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) - but what happens in the days and weeks afterwards will be crucial.
US Sgt Bowe Bergdahl has been released five years after being captured by Afghan Taliban, in a controversial exchange for five Taliban officials being held at Guantanamo Bay.
US scientists have calculated the total amount of plastic ever made and put the number at 8.3 billion tonnes.
Thieves fled empty-handed after an attempted raid on a cash machine in Aberdeenshire failed.
Police are hunting a man who tried to force an 11-year-old boy into the back of a black van in a Lincolnshire market town.
The Ring magazine has named world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury as its 2015 fighter of the year.
The card game Bridge is "arguably" a sport and could qualify for lottery funding, a High Court judge has found.
Zayn Malik has quit One Direction, the band have confirmed in a statement.
We have a long way to go before the we see the proverbial shovels in the ground - there will be legal and planning challenges aplenty to come.
The Liberal Democrats have vowed to make the Richmond Park by-election about Brexit, not Heathrow.
Wigan Athletic have signed midfielder Jamie Hanson on loan for the rest of the season from fellow Championship side Derby County.
Wood Group, the oilfield services firm based in Aberdeen, has reported half year revenue falling 17%.
A woman has been charged following the death of another woman in Dundee.
A 27-year-old man has died following a disturbance in Barry, South Wales Police have said.
On Saturday, for the first time since their bitter split at the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949, the leaders of China and Taiwan will meet.
The chief executive of the Bombardier aerospace firm has asked the company's board to defer significant pay rises for its top executives.
Thirteen people have been killed and more than 30 injured in southern California after a tour bus ran into the back of a lorry, media reports say.
Flintshire residents have been invited to help save services threatened by £21m of council spending cuts.
Venezuelan officials say a Costa Rican diplomat who was kidnapped in the capital, Caracas, has been freed.
On the Andrew Marr Show, David Cameron talked about the effects of leaving the European Union.
Taxi drivers in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo have been putting posters of Robert De Niro on their vehicles in tribute to the actor ahead of a visit.
The woman in charge of the government's new register of lobbyists has said she expects the industry to "conform" with the statutory system.
It's the moment Dirty Dancing fans have been waiting for.
Manchester City have completed a £43m deal for Portugal attacking midfielder Bernardo Silva from French champions Monaco.
Northern Ireland Electricity (NIE) is changing its name to NIE Networks in an effort to clarify its role in the Northern Ireland electricity market.
Veteran ITN war correspondent Michael Nicholson, whose career spanned more than five decades, has died aged 79.
Newly promoted National League side AFC Fylde have signed full-back Josh Ezewele from Kidderminster Harriers.
Outgoing US President Barack Obama and EU leaders have reaffirmed their commitment to Nato unity and sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis.
Same-sex marriage in England and Wales is a step closer to becoming law after the House of Lords approved the change.
This was supposed to be a mission to monitor the ceasefire by a team from the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
Leaders Cardiff Devils came from 3-0 down to beat their main rivals for the Elite League title in Belfast.
The leaders of Northern Ireland's five main parties have gone head-to-head in a debate before Thursday's assembly election.
Compensation has been reduced for more than 400 sex abuse victims in Britain who later committed criminal offences, the BBC has learnt.
Thousands of people have gathered at Stonehenge for the sunrise on the longest day of the year.
Behind Closed Doors explores the rarely talked about issue of children witnessing domestic violence.
The sale by Cardiff City of captain David Marshall to Hull City has been described as "a joke" by former midfielder David Giles.
A man has died after a van crashed into a stationary car in West Lothian.
A spur of the moment decision to donate blood changed the life of 42-year-old County Antrim man Chris McIlmoyle.
With his long, ragged hair and handlebar moustache, Steven Adams looks like he has stepped out of the 1970s.
Old bottles, bikes and blacksmith's bellows are among the items that could be disposed of amid plans to cut back on museum collections, according to Powys council.
West Ham beat Watford in a dramatic encounter at Upton Park to maintain their push for a place in Europe.
A prescription drug being abused by teenagers in NI should be made a class C drug, health officials have said.
Fast bowler Tino Best has joined Hampshire on a short-term deal.
One of the most dazzling meteor showers of the year is lighting up the sky this week.
Negotiations with Iran about its nuclear programme will continue despite US Secretary of State John Kerry's recent injury, US officials say.
Two teenagers playing Pokemon Go late at night in their car in Florida were shot at by a householder who mistook them for burglars, police say.
An elderly man found with serious head injuries in a street in Lossiemouth has died in hospital.
Apple has reported its third quarter in a row of falling iPhone sales and revenue, but sales beat analyst expectations.
A "no selfie zone" will be implemented at a major Hindu festival in India due to fears they could cause stampedes.
London Broncos thrashed Featherstone in their final Qualifiers match but Salford's victory meant they missed out on a place in the Million Pound Game.
The government has lost the latest round of an extended legal battle involving the docking of benefits for jobseekers who refused to participate in unpaid back-to-work schemes.
HP has apologised after an error on its website let shoppers buy expensive laptop computers for less than £2.
Labour members have voted to oppose airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Syria, without a mandate from the United Nations.
Tonnes of rock has been disturbed at a Jurassic site on Skye in what has been described as one of Scotland's most reckless acts of fossil collecting.
A 50-year-old German man has been killed and six people injured in a knife attack in a Hamburg supermarket.
Mayor of London Boris Johnson used the figure in The Sun this morning that the UK gives £350m a week to Brussels.
New boss Marco Silva guided Hull City to victory in his first Premier League match as the Tigers moved off the foot of the table with an impressive performance against Bournemouth.
Stand-in captain Abu Ogogo says in-form striker Sullay Kaikai will play a key role in Shrewsbury Town's bid to avoid relegation from League One.
A second half strike by Paul Cairney was enough to give Ayr United all three points against Queen of the South at Somerset Park.
A woman in her 90s who was in a wheelchair when she was hit by a car outside a hospital has died.
At least four people were killed in Chad's capital, N'Djamena, as government forces foiled a "destabilisation plot" against President Idriss Deby, officials said.
As protests in Ethiopia over the rights of the country's Oromo people continue, Addis Ababa-based journalist James Jeffrey considers if they are threatening the country's unity.
Money earmarked to boost mental health provision for children in England is failing to make it to front-line services, a new report suggests.
The suspension of the chief executive of a troubled health board is "short-sighted", a union boss has said.
Cardiff City missed a chance to close the gap on the Championship play-off places as Charlton Athletic battled off the bottom in a pulsating draw.
Private hospitals in Northern Ireland are reporting an increase in the number of inquiries from the public about getting the Meningitis B vaccine.
A Turkish court has issued an arrest warrant for the influential cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Retailer Sports Direct will enter the FTSE 100 as part of the latest reshuffle of the 100 biggest companies on the London Stock Exchange.
Support for Welsh independence has fallen to its lowest recorded level in the wake of the Scottish referendum, according to a poll for BBC Wales.
Scotland flanker Hamish Watson says he "wants to stay" at Edinburgh beyond the end of his contract.
An exhibition marking the 200th anniversary of Jane Austen's death will feature writings from her teenage years and the original ending she wrote for her novel Persuasion.
Boreham Wood have signed defender Jack Connors on loan from League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge until the end of the season.
Borussia Dortmund narrowed the gap on Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich with a hard-fought win against bottom side Hannover.
Plans to build a 25 metre swimming pool, that will join two 10 storey tower blocks, have been announced.
George Osborne has announced tax cuts for first-time buyers, workers and savers in his final Budget before May's general election.
Islamic State militants have reportedly launched several counter-attacks in the Iraqi city of Ramadi, which government forces are trying to recapture.
South Australia is enduring a second day of severe weather, after the entire state was left without power overnight.
Doncaster Rovers Belles have signed Arsenal Ladies' teenage midfielder Carla Humphrey on loan.
Saudi Arabia has begun an investigation into why a crane collapsed in the Muslim holy city of Mecca, killing at least 107 people.
Croatia has held a memorial service for tens of thousands of people murdered by Nazi Germany's allies at the Jasenovac death camp.
The Deep Flight Challenger submersible has been backed by Richard Branson's Virgin empire, and is currently undergoing its first water trials.
Politicians need to deliver a "fresh moral vision" ahead of the general election, the Church of England says.
The cost of the Aberdeen bypass has risen to an estimated £653m, it has been revealed.
A building that will provide workspace for about 100 start-up businesses in west Belfast has officially opened.
Match reports from Saturday's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
A sequel to a crowdfunded film about the lives of supporting artists in Star Wars has been announced.
Labour's Angela Eagle poked fun at David Cameron's EU reforms as she traded jokes with George Osborne at Prime Minister's Questions.
A Borders councillor has said work is being done to deliver superfast broadband to homes in the region currently missing out on the service.
Police forces across the UK paid out at least £22m to informants over the last five years, according to figures obtained by BBC Radio 5 live.
Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond said the independence referendum was "a once in a generation opportunity" and he was aiming for "a substantial majority".
Ghana's health minister has given a hospital in the city of Kumasi 14 days to produce the bodies of five babies that were allegedly stillborn.
The Nigg Energy Park on the Cromarty Firth is to be used during construction of an 84-turbine offshore wind farm.
French accident investigators released their final report into Germanwings Flight 4U 9525, which crashed in the Alps in March 2015, about a year later.
Thousands of people in Bangladesh are demanding justice for a teenage boy who was beaten to death by a group of men who filmed themselves laughing and jeering as they carried out the attack.
The government and the cabinet "is united".
It seems like only yesterday that television match official Graham Hughes was deliberating over whether to award the try that would win Northampton the Premiership title at Rugby HQ.
Two men, who were arrested in connection with the murder of a missing County Antrim man, have been released.
A Google artificial intelligence program has beaten the European champion of the board game Go.
The fossilised foot of a dinosaur has been discovered on a south Wales beach, National Museum Wales has announced.
A DUP MP has said she has found no widespread demands for the removal of flags from a mixed housing development in her South Belfast constituency.
Kids in Swansea have been showing us their designs for buildings for the future, which they say should be as energy-efficient and kind to the environment as possible.
The family of a teenager who lost his arms and legs from meningitis were shocked when told he had to prove he still needed a disability payment.
A Kenyan man accused of chopping off his wife's hands and hacking her head with a machete after blaming her for their childless marriage should face the full force of the law, rights activists have said.
The RHI scandal continues to make headlines, but there's also room for a bumper Irish lottery win, Oscar nominations and the fallout from yesterday's Supreme Court Brexit decision in Wednesday's newspapers.
League One side Walsall have made their second international signing in 24 hours by bringing in Philippines keeper Neil Etheridge on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of Islamic State militants are thought to have been killed since Iraqi forces launched an offensive to retake Mosul last week, the US military says.
One of the bloodiest battles of World War One will be commemorated in events to be held on Skye later this week.
Sir Tom Jones celebrates his 75th birthday on Sunday and the appeal of the Welshman is as strong as ever.
With its ancient culture and the Himalayas as a backdrop, landlocked Nepal was closed to the outside world until the 1950s.
A £1m fund has been set up to help police officers suffering from post traumatic stress disorder and other psychological illnesses.
About 100 soldiers from the 104th Regiment Royal Artillery marked their 50th anniversary with a freedom parade through Newport on Saturday.
A convenience store in North Ayrshire has been robbed for the second time in five months.
Hollywood actress Kate Beckinsale, best known for the Underworld Series of films, has given her blessing to the BBC bringing back Porridge.
A man who made a hate crime complaint to police about world heavyweight boxing champion Tyson Fury has said Fury is "ignorant to the difference between homosexuality and paedophilia".
When Wayne Rooney starts planning his testimonial game for next summer he may want to heed a few lessons from previous benefit matches.
Scotland's men will face Zimbabwe and Afghanistan in the first stage of next year's ICC World Twenty20 tournament in India.
MPs will later debate two petitions about the state visit of US President Donald Trump, but what do online polls and their signatories say about the UK?
A former soldier who lost both legs in Afghanistan is to attempt the Isle of Man TT course using a hand-powered bike.
Four ex-servicemen are rowing across the Atlantic in a bid to become what is believed to be the first all-amputee team to make the trip.
Gloucestershire have signed former Sussex seam bowler Chris Liddle on a two-year contract.
Tottenham left-back Danny Rose will see a specialist on Monday to confirm the extent of his knee injury, manager Mauricio Pochettino has confirmed.
A stretch of road in Caithness is to be closed for short periods on occasions over the next 12 months so nuclear material can be moved from Dounreay.
London Irish head coach Tom Coventry admits their meeting with fellow Premiership strugglers Worcester will be a "huge" game for his team.
Broadcaster Sky and 21st Century Fox have reached agreement on the terms of a takeover deal.
The number of UK officers investigating the disappearance of Madeleine McCann has been cut from 29 to four, the Metropolitan Police says.
Johanna Konta has become the first British woman to reach a Grand Slam quarter-final for 31 years, after beating Ekaterina Makarova at the Australian Open.
Former Wales skipper Paul Thorburn says there is no question over Alun Wyn Jones' captaincy despite claims he was overruled in the loss to Scotland.
Helen Glover says she is feeling the pressure of defending a major title for the first time at next week's World Championships in Amsterdam.
Benin's Angelique Kidjo has won the best world music album of the year at this year's Grammys in Los Angeles.
Kostas Mitroglou gave Benfica a one-goal advantage in the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie with Borussia Dortmund.
Sam Smith topped the BBC's Sound Of 2014 list last January, and went on to sell a million copies of his debut album, In the Lonely Hour, on both sides of the Atlantic.
A total of 18 demonstrations are being held as part of the Twelfth of July commemorations on Tuesday.
A man who stabbed a former soldier to death in Stirlingshire has been convicted of culpable homicide.
Almost 60 years ago, Rick Schneider was considering taking a cruise with his then boyfriend.
Campaigners for art history A-level say they are "absolutely thrilled" by a late decision to save the subject, which was set to be discontinued.
Lancashire completely dominated Hampshire on day one of the County Championship Division One match.
A fire has swept through the Torch skyscraper in Dubai, one of the tallest residential buildings in the world.
League One club Bradford City have re-signed West Ham United midfielder Josh Cullen on loan until January.
Argentina has become the first country in Latin America to legalise same-sex marriage.
Nottingham Forest's proposed takeover by a United States-based consortium led by John Jay Moores has collapsed, according to owner Fawaz Al Hasawi.
A seven-year-old student born without hands has won a US national handwriting contest.
A major manhunt has been launched for gunmen who shot dead 12 people at the Paris office of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Bath have signed Cardiff Blues' Welsh wing Harry Davies ahead of next season.
Football legend Thierry Henry amazed pupils at a south Wales school by walking into their classroom disguised as a supply teacher.
Lamborghini confirmed the launch of a sports utility vehicle (SUV) and signed a deal to build the car in Italy.
At least 289 people have died in one of Pakistan's worst fires, at a garment factory in Karachi, officials say.
A fund which supports more than 21,000 people with severe disabilities is to be phased out by 2015.
Britain's largest rail franchise, Govia Thameslink (GTR) is facing the threat of more industrial action, in a fresh dispute over planned cuts to ticket offices.
The Kremlin-funded international broadcaster RT, known as Russia Today, has produced New Year gift boxes branded "Russian doping".
Stamford's players are hoping to earn enough money from their FA Cup run to fund an end-of-season trip to the US.
An Arkansas prisoner who escaped more than 30 years ago has been recaptured in the city of Springdale, a prisons spokesman said.
Ten men from London and the Midlands have been charged with child sexual exploitation offences against two boys.
Manchester United dedicated Wednesday's Europa League victory to the victims of Monday's attack in the city, as the club made tributes in their memory.
One of the UK's smaller energy suppliers has topped a list of the highest proportion of consumer complaints.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in Monmouthshire, Gwent Police has said.
House prices in the smartest parts of London have fallen by up to 22% since last Autumn, according to the property services group LSL.
Andre Ward says "anything is possible" regarding a move up in weight which could see him meet WBA and IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua.
Edinburgh was the driest place in the UK in April despite Scotland as a whole being the wettest.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt was left "hugely disappointed" after his injury-ravaged side were beaten 10-9 by France in a bruising Six Nations contest.
A PC who falsely claimed a fellow officer was going to be kidnapped by terrorists has been convicted of perverting the course of justice.
The Arts Council for England (ACE)  says its spending plans for the three years from 2015 will help strengthen and promote activity outside London.
Veteran TV and film actor Ken Howard has died at the age of 71.
A US treasure hunter - who spent years evading authorities - will go to prison rather than testify about gold he discovered in a historic shipwreck.
President Barack Obama has said police violence against African-Americans is a "slow-rolling crisis" after a night of violence in Baltimore.
A three-day stand-off between armed police and a man feared to have stockpiled petrol at his home has ended after officers entered the property.
A young Polish woman has described how she was forced to eat rubbish from bins while she was pregnant after being trafficked to the UK.
NHS whistleblowers could be protected against discrimination if they apply to work for the health service again.
Bob Howden has stepped down as chairman of British Cycling, but will remain the organisation's president.
Developers behind a wind farm plan off the south coast of England which was refused consent by the government have decided not to appeal the decision.
Israel has criticised the UN Human Rights Council for voting to establish a database of firms doing business in settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Jamaica's Usain Bolt says he is "50-50" to compete at the 2017 World Championships in London because athletics is less enjoyable for him.
EU foreign affairs representative Catherine Ashton has held talks with Iran's chief nuclear negotiator, Saeed Jalili, in a bid to end the stand-off over the Iranian nuclear programme.
I watched England's final Test against South Africa and really felt for Keaton Jennings.
Ireland have announced that they are applying to the International Cricket Council for Test match status.
Some of the biggest names in entertainment have re-launched the music subscription service Tidal, which they are billing as the first artist-owned platform for music and video.
One hundred thousand young ash trees have been destroyed in Northern Ireland in an attempt to combat a potentially devastating disease.
Ronny Deila thinks the challenge from Aberdeen will only increase the determination of his Celtic players to stay at the top of the Premiership.
A 60-year-old man from Cardiff has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of conspiracy to kidnap.
Ross County have signed former Netherlands Under-21 striker Alex Schalk until the end of the season, subject to international clearance.
As the Afghan government and its international allies intensify efforts to bring the conflict to an end, the role and influence of mystics is being sought to help bring the Taliban into talks on a political solution.
Wakefield Wildcats second-row forward Jon Molloy will be out for four weeks after suffering a torn pectoral muscle.
The mainly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir, in southeast Turkey, appears shell-shocked after three months of fighting between the security forces and the militant Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK).
The European Commission has adopted protective measures to try to contain a bird flu outbreak after new cases were reported in the UK and the Netherlands.
A Plaid Cymru AM has apologised for discussing his party's council election campaign at a press conference in the Senedd building.
Moves by a police commissioner to force out her suspended chief constable have been backed by the chief inspector of constabulary, the BBC understands.
England Lions have lost their one-day series against Sri Lanka A after being beaten by four wickets in the third ODI in Kurunegala.
The brother of a child migrant coming from Calais to the UK said it will be a "blessing" to have him back.
Technology pioneered in Pembrokeshire is being used to track endangered birds of prey in Africa.
Thorn Cross is "one of the better" prisons, with low levels of violence and high numbers of inmates achieving qualifications, inspectors said.
Aberdeen Music Hall is selling off props, clothing, mirrors and other furniture ahead of a £7m revamp of the 155-year-old building.
Colchester United are "going in the right direction" following their 0-0 draw against sixth-placed Millwall, according to manager Kevin Keen.
British athletes who may lose their world records have received an apology from the man responsible for the controversial anti-doping proposal.
John Boyega, who stars in the new Star Wars film - The Force Awakens, presented a prize at this year's Bafta Film Awards.
Newcastle and Gateshead have been selected to host a major exhibition showcasing art, design and innovation from the north of England.
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe has sacked his Vice-President, Joice Mujuru, after accusing her of plotting to kill him.
The emerging market countries are at a crossroads, facing the possibility of new era of slower economic growth.
Wikileaks co-founder Julian Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorean embassy in London since 2012, after seeking asylum there in his bid to avoid extradition to Sweden on a rape allegation.
The death of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain on 5 April 1994 in Seattle, Washington, has sometimes been described as the event that marked "the end of grunge".
DJ Tony Blackburn has claimed he was offered the chance to resign from the BBC and return to work "in a few months", before he was sacked.
A man who killed his estranged wife by drowning her with a shower attachment in a bath after badly beating her has been jailed for life.
Goalkeeper Darren Jamieson has been released by Livingston, with the League One club saying that the 25-year-old is to join Hamilton Academical.
The head of the UK's national anti-doping agency says the body is "in jeopardy" because of potential government funding cuts.
Nine men, including Wayne Rooney's father, who were arrested in a probe into betting irregularities have been released on bail.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has dismissed Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan after days of speculation that rocked the country's markets,
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving, almost a year after a teenager died in a car crash.
Police are investigating after copies of the Koran were found in toilets in the student union building of the University of Texas at Dallas.
A security guard arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after an alleged shoplifter bled to death will face "no further police action".
Australia is to shift its longitude and latitude to address a gap between local co-ordinates and those from global navigation satellite systems (GNSS).
A man has been found guilty of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a flat in Bournemouth on New Year's Day.
Solar Impulse has landed in the US state of Ohio following the 12th stage of its circumnavigation of the globe.
For the first time in Londonderry an outgoing Sinn Féin mayor has placed the chains of office around the neck of a DUP successor.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he was surprised Wales boss Chris Coleman did not contact him before calling up teenager Ben Woodburn.
More than 400 people have been detained in a counter-terrorism operation in Malaysia, authorities say.
A "lucky catch" is how Brandon Li describes the accidental drone shot he captured of "newlyweds" on a rooftop in Hong Kong.
Brazilian police have searched properties linked to politicians suspected of taking bribes in a scandal involving the state-run oil company, Petrobras.
Five years - and a whole lot of pain - have passed since Scotland last beat the Wallabies, a 9-6 gruntathon in the monsoon of Newcastle in New South Wales.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in Aberdeen.
A childminder has been telling the Liam Fee murder trial that she had concerns about the toddler.
Tribute has been paid to a Dundee GP and her engineer husband who died in a plane crash in Argyll.
Hundreds of people have attended a concert held in honour of the only Brit killed in the Bataclan terror attack a year ago.
Roger Federer has withdrawn from the ATP World Tour final against Novak Djokovic because of a back injury.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes will attempt to sign more physical players this summer after they were swept aside 3-0 by St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
A series of never-before-seen letters written by Audrey Hepburn will be auctioned later this month.
New action movie Assassin's Creed arrives in UK cinemas in the New Year, in part thanks to Shakespeare's "Scottish Play" and the Isle of Skye.
Jose Mourinho proclaimed that he is "the Happy One" on his return to Chelsea, adding that he is calmer and a better manager than he has ever been.
Oxford United captain Jake Wright is set to be out for three to four games with a hamstring tear.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says there is "nobody better" than him to lead the club and "very much" expects to be in charge at Anfield next season.
More than 500 firefighters are set to battle a blaze in the Australian state of Victoria, one of the world's most fire-prone regions on New Year's Eve.
Brentford have sacked head coach Marinus Dijkhuizen after nine matches and placed Lee Carsley in charge until the end of the season.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Dundee and Alloa Athletic boss Barry Smith as their new manager on a one-year rolling contract.
Former Norwich City striker Ricky van Wolfswinkel scored two late goals as Vitesse Arnhem beat AZ Alkmaar 2-0 to win the Dutch Cup final in Rotterdam.
Before the 2010 election, David Cameron and George Osborne believed they would be tested on one issue.
The number of staff reported to their professional bodies over care at a Denbighshire mental health ward has risen to 12.
Prop forwards Richard Barrington and Titi Lamositele have signed new deals with Premiership and European Champions Cup winners Saracens.
An Ipswich shopping centre is to be transformed with a multi-screen cinema after previously abandoned plans were altered.
A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following an argument after a crash in Derbyshire.
A head teacher who failed to disclose her school caretaker husband's police caution is facing a classroom ban.
Andrew Hodd ran out of partners just short of a century after rescuing Yorkshire from a dismal start to their Championship game at Scarborough.
Swansea City manager Bob Bradley believes he can save them from relegation and remains "committed" to the Premier League strugglers.
A drunken sea captain caught sailing a cargo ship up the River Tay while almost four times the legal alcohol limit has been jailed.
Older people in need of urgent help are being failed by the NHS, a group of English and Welsh health leaders say.
Nottingham Forest forward Nicklas Bendtner will not "go crazy" if he scores against Arsenal despite his time at the club being a distant memory.
A man in his 40's has died following a road traffic collision in Aughnacloy, County Tyrone.
Second row Lewis Stevenson is to join Exeter Chiefs with immediate effect after being released from his contract with Ulster Rugby by mutual agreement.
Vincent Kompany suffered an injury scare on his return as Manchester City eased past Swansea in the EFL Cup.
Three men have been charged with the attempted murder of a teenager who was stabbed repeatedly in Swindon.
American singer Jimmy Osmond has posted a video of himself being breathalysed by police officers in Llandudno.
When the record-breaking jump jockey AP McCoy retired in April, he vowed that would be his last race.
More than a quarter of people in the UK have witnessed a hate crime in the last year, a new poll suggests.
A man is in a critical condition after being hit by a bus in the Easterhouse area of Glasgow.
A farmer has said he is deeply sorry that his business was responsible for a major fish kill in a County Down river.
A man has died after being hit by a car on the A91 in Fife.
"The next time you plan to cross a border, leave your phone at home."
The brief militant seizure of Kunduz in 2015 was one of the Afghan government's worst setbacks since Taliban forces were ousted in 2001.
Campaigners calling for a public inquiry into the 1984 Battle of Orgreave disorder have been told a decision will be made by the end of October.
Bank and building society accounts in the UK come with a guarantee: if the institution holding your money goes bust, you will be compensated.
A leading Iranian cleric has accused reformists of colluding with the West to block hardline appointments to the country's Assembly of Experts.
A volunteer diving group is to trawl the Pembrokeshire coast to clear up lost or discarded lobster pots which endanger marine life.
A trailer filled with 90 tonnes of domestic waste was dumped on a street in an act of "fly-tipping on an industrial scale", a council has said.
More £40,000 of lead has been stolen from a 13th Century church with links to the family of the late Princess Diana.
The north-south divide in education was a central theme in Ofsted's annual report for the second year in a row.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to pole position at the United States Grand Prix as qualifying was truncated by rain.
A non-native species of salmon has been found in rivers along the west coast of Ireland, causing concern among Irish fishing authorities.
Samantha Cameron, the wife of former Prime Minister David Cameron, is launching a new fashion label.
Ospreys number eight Dan Baker and uncapped lock Rory Thornton have become the latest Welsh players to sign national dual contracts (NDC).
A four-month-old baby's murder by her father could not have been predicted, a serious case review has found.
Historical documents and works of art held by the Jersey Archive have been published online for the first time.
Alain Juppe, the leading candidate to replace under-fire French presidential hopeful Francois Fillon, says he will not run, despite pressure to do so.
Northampton prop Kieran Brookes is set for an extended spell on the sidelines after having an operation on his knee.
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew said Andre Marriner should not have refereed Saturday's 4-2 Premier League defeat by Liverpool - because he awarded the Reds a penalty in last season's fixture.
A close ally of France's new president is facing accusations over a property deal involving his partner.
Venezuela's government has asked the Supreme Court to reject the opposition's proposal to hold a referendum to remove President Nicolas Maduro from office.
Former Liberal Democrat Torbay MP Adrian Sanders has been elected to Torbay Council.
The general election campaign is now in full swing and you can follow every step of the way on the BBC News NI website.
Police in Brazil say the Greek ambassador to the country was killed by a local police officer who was having an affair with the envoy's wife.
Ten-man Guiseley staged a remarkable comeback to secure victory and keep Torquay mired in the relegation zone.
A man has been airlifted to hospital by Royal Navy helicopter after he fell while walking on Carrick-a-Rede island off the coast of County Antrim.
Callum Skinner is "over the moon" after securing gold for Team GB in the men's team sprint - and joked about their 14-1 odds with the bookmakers.
Wales fly-half Rhys Patchell scored two tries within thirty minutes of his return after three months out injured as the Scarlets beat Edinburgh 26-10.
A new bill passed through the US Congress is creating a storm - with President Barack Obama and the CIA warning of its dire consequences.
Restricting population growth will not solve global issues of sustainability in the short term, new research says.
Pete Postlethwaite, who died last week, was part of a remarkable group of young actors and writers who started their careers at the Liverpool Everyman theatre in the 1970s, alongside Julie Walters, Bill Nighy, Jonathan Pryce and Willy Russell.
Hundreds of DNA and fingerprint records that could have been held for national security reasons in England and Wales have been deleted, a report reveals.
A motorcyclist who was injured when a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M20 has described how he threw himself off his bike to avoid the impact.
Emergency legislation will be brought in next week to force phone and internet companies to log records of customer calls, texts and internet use.
The committee that awards the Nobel Peace Prize says it is "deeply worried" about the widow of Liu Xiaobo, China's most prominent critic who died of liver cancer on Thursday.
American Webb Simpson clinched his maiden major title with victory on an absorbing final day of the US Open.
Dozens of people have been killed in suicide attacks in Nigeria.
A council in Cambridgeshire has named its recommended preferred organisation to become its partner in the running of waste collection and other services.
The FBI is investigating the St Louis Cardinals on charges that the US baseball team hacked into the computers of a rival club to steal player data, the New York Times has reported.
Ireland's Jason Smyth won T13 200m gold to complete a sprint double at the World Para-athletics Championships in London.
Tropical Storm Hermine has strengthened into a hurricane, threatening to bring a dangerous storm surge to Florida.
Britain's Andy Murray will try and "find a way to get the win" when he takes on in-form Stan Wawrinka in the French Open semi-finals on Friday.
Swiss has said the aim of his new track is for people to educate themselves about the use of the N-word, rather than trying to stop them using it.
Whether or not Mullah Omar is dead or alive, his long absence from public view is posing a growing threat to the strength of his splintering Afghan Taliban movement.
New guidelines for diagnosing and treating melanoma skin cancers have been issued to the NHS in England.
Policing the fracking operation in Lancashire will cost the force an additional £450,000 a month while it continues, say police.
Aurigny could have debts of more than £25m paid off by Guernsey's government.
The number of people who regularly attend church services in Scotland has fallen by more than half over the last 30 years, according to a new survey.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said she has been taken aback by the strength of the campaign in Wales to leave the EU.
Accrington Stanley have re-signed goalkeeper Aaron Chapman on a two-year deal, following his release by League One side Chesterfield.
Despite being home to about 16,000 tree species, just 227 "hyperdominant" species account for half of Amazonia's total trees, a study suggests.
Northumbria Police has named two people who died in a crash in Northumberland on Wednesday.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko says he did nothing wrong, after leaked documents suggested he had set up an offshore company as a tax haven using Panamanian legal firm Mossack Fonseca.
India is a trainspotter's paradise.
Royal Mail is beginning trials in London of nine fully electric vans with ranges of up to 100 miles.
Paul Clement says Swansea City cannot waste their opportunity after moving out of the Premier League relegation zone.
A two-vehicle collision closed a main road leading to hold-ups in Powys.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter has recalled Gloucester centre Matt Scott to his squad ahead of the Six Nations.
A 90-year-old woman was dragged off a street and raped in Greater Manchester, police have said.
Cameroon's Africa Cup of Nations-winning squad have been given a special state reception by the country's president Paul Biya.
Top seeds Serena Williams and Novak Djokovic eased through to the French Open second round with comprehensive victories.
Frank Bruno returning to boxing at the age of 54 would be a "travesty", says promoter Eddie Hearn.
Ghana's Deputy Communications Minister Victoria Hammah has been sacked after she was recorded allegedly saying she would stay in politics until she has made $1m (£600,000).
Former Bristol Rovers midfielder David Pipe has been jailed for 38 months for fracturing the skull of another man in an unprovoked attack in Bristol.
The French Grand Prix will return to the Formula 1 calendar after an absence of 10 years, the sport's boss Bernie Ecclestone has said.
The collapse of a wall at an Edinburgh primary school could have been caused by the way it was built, a BBC Scotland investigation has found.
Millwall midfielder Shaun Williams has signed a 12-month contract extension with the newly-promoted Championship club, with an option for an extra year.
Tight security is in place in Hong Kong for the visit of the most senior official from Beijing since large pro-democracy protests in 2014.
Police in Bangladesh say they have arrested 11 people over an arson attack on a village in an Indian enclave inside Bangladeshi territory.
Meldonium was barely on the radar until five-time Grand Slam champion Maria Sharapova revealed she recorded a positive drugs test for the substance.
New satellite images establish a link between the Burmese army and the burning of Rohingya Muslim villages, human rights campaigners say.
The UK could seek a deal which would allow sections of the economy to remain within the EU's customs union after Brexit, international trade minister Greg Hands has suggested.
Women should be told the sex of the foetus when they are scanned during pregnancy, a senior, retired obstetrician has said.
Construction output fell 4.3% in August, its sharpest drop since late 2012, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
A new convener of the Crofting Commission has been appointed by Rural Economy Secretary Fergus Ewing.
Australia's High Court has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy tablet in the country in time for the Christmas shopping season.
On Sunday, 23 April, the world's best elite runners as well as keen amateurs take on one of the most iconic races - the London Marathon.
Kenya and Ethiopia have signed a UN-backed trade deal worth $200m (Â£130m) in a bid to ease cross-border conflict.
Britain's Giles Scott enjoyed another dominant day in sailing's Finn class to close in on Olympic gold.
UK regulator Ofcom is proposing cutting what BT charges for its leased telecoms lines, which could see significant price cuts for those who buy them.
Permission has been requested to dismantle and redevelop a Grade II-listed pier in Conwy county.
Fracking could potentially be done safely in the UK under "rigorous regulation", but it is too early to say whether it would be "a good idea", the Task Force on Shale Gas has reported.
A woman has been charged with murder after a 26-year-old was found dead at a flat in Hertfordshire.
Women in the UK are dying unnecessarily of ovarian cancer because of a lack of access to the best treatment, say experts.
As settings go, the roof of the Scotland team hotel in downtown Singapore wasn't the worst place for Gregor Townsend to name his first team as coach of the national side.
Reading manager Jaap Stam believes momentum rather than a highest-placed finish will be most important going into the Championship play-offs.
We may owe our ability to fight disease to our extinct relatives - the Neanderthals and Denisovans.
After more than a week of fighting, the Iraqi army and Kurdish forces are now getting close to the eastern outskirts of Mosul, the last city in Iraq still under the control of so-called Islamic State (IS).
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte and ex-chief executive Charles Green have been arrested as part of an inquiry into the "alleged fraudulent acquisition" of the club in 2012.
A US think-tank says satellite pictures taken earlier this year suggest North Korea may have restarted one of its nuclear reactors.
A newly-wed couple had an eventful start to their marriage when they found themselves locked in a castle grounds.
A British teenager has died in a skiing crash while on a family holiday in the French Alps.
The UK's leading bookmakers face paying out more than £10m if Leicester City win the Premier League title.
A group of MPs are to hold public meetings across the UK to hear people's views on immigration and how it should be handled after the UK leaves the EU.
An ex-soldier who stopped a neo-Nazi beheading a Flintshire shopper with a hammer and a machete says he is still haunted by the savage attack.
A 38-year-old man killed outside a hotel was shot in the chest with a handgun, an inquest has heard.
It has been an unusual and not entirely straightforward journey.
Last week's attacks on Paris will not influence the city's chances of hosting the 2024 Olympic Games, IOC president Thomas Bach has said.
If any single country embodies the challenge of reaching an agreement at the huge United Nations climate conference that begins in Paris on Monday, it is India.
Australia have made 14 changes to the team that beat Uruguay for Saturday's crucial World Cup match against England at Twickenham.
Ministers are to consult on plans to cap public sector pay-offs at £95,000.
Timbers from a Gallo-Roman wreck found off Guernsey will go on display in Jersey later as part of an exhibition.
Gerard Lyttle takes his Cliftonville team to Crusaders on Saturday confident of a victory which would move them to within six points of the leaders.
European Union (EU) troops have taken control of security at the Central African Republic's (CAR) main airport.
Two men have been arrested after explosives were discovered by police investigating dissident republican activity in Dublin.
A motorcyclist has died after being involved in a crash with a lorry in Fareham, Hampshire.
A major public consultation has been launched to canvass views on how Edinburgh's world heritage site should be protected.
Nick Clegg says reports that his party could lose 14 south-west England seats to the Conservatives are "baloney".
Online booking firm Appointedd has formed a strategic partnership with a global payment transaction provider.
A council has launched a legal action in an attempt to bury the mummified bodies of a husband and wife who died decades ago in Edinburgh.
Scotland's Chief Education Inspector Bill Maxwell has said key aspects of education need to be improved.
The families of 11 people killed by the Army in west Belfast more than 40 years ago have called for an independent panel to investigate the deaths.
The UK and US are in talks to extend their "special relationship" in science after the UK leaves the European Union, the BBC understands.
Lydia Ko won the Canadian Women's Open to become the youngest tournament winner in LPGA Tour history.
Concern has been raised over potentially harmful e-liquids being sold to look like "children's sweets".
How cute are these otter pups?
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn yn parhau i ymchwilio yn dilyn digwyddiad yn ymwneud â thanc ar faes tanio Castell Martin yn Sir Benfro ddydd Mercher.
An endangered turtle will fly by private jet to the Canary Islands at a cost of £22,000, if an online fundraising campaign succeeds.
The Scottish Greens are to launch their national manifesto for May's local authority elections.
New Ebola cases in the three West African countries worst affected by the deadly outbreak of the virus are declining, weekly UN figures show.
Two men have been arrested after a man was fatally injured during a disturbance in North Lanarkshire.
Northern Ireland holidaymakers returning from Turkey have been giving their reaction to the attempted military coup on Friday.
Flooding and landslides in central Vietnam have left at least 28 people dead, nine missing and some 80,000 homeless since Friday.
Morrisons has reported better-than-expected sales over the Christmas shopping period compared with a year earlier.
A viral photo of a woman smiling at an English Defence League (EDL) protester in Birmingham was snapped after she stepped in to defend a "fellow Brummie", she has told the BBC.
Victories for Kyles and Kinlochshiel maintained the status quo at the top of the Marine Harvest Premiership and left Newtonmore no closer to their aim of an eighth consecutive title, despite their own victory.
Google has revealed it has built a London data centre for the cloud computing services it rents to third parties.
A man has appeared in court after a 72-year-old woman was robbed in Aberdeen.
Two young college student poets, Hannah Halpern and Amina Iro, are talking about their faith.
Northampton wing George North will make his first Saints appearance of the season following his time at the World Cup with Wales.
Former Chelsea forward Eidur Gudjohnsen has been named in Iceland's Euro 2016 squad at the age of 37.
Tunisia's interim government has said elections, due to be held in July, will be postponed for three months.
One in 11 native species of animals and plants in Scotland is at risk of extinction, a report by 50 wildlife and research organisations has suggested.
Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish "put the full stop" on Tottenham's interest in winger Wilfried Zaha, according to Eagles boss Alan Pardew.
Scotland's red squirrels are facing a new threat from a form of leprosy, according to scientists in Edinburgh.
Hundreds of photos of buildings demolished during Leicester's post-war slum clearance programme have been published online.
Only the Conservatives represent those in Scotland who want to remain part of the UK, according to the party's Scottish leader.
Work to complete the biggest shale gas tank in Europe is continuing at the petrochemical plant in Grangemouth.
The route has been confirmed for the Wales Rally GB, with 78 cars competing in the international race.
Chauffeuring ministers' paperwork around Whitehall has cost more than £350,000 since 2011, figures show.
Scarlets chairman Nigel Short admits it will be hard to stop regions competing against each other for Welsh players.
Rise has unveiled its manifesto for the Holyrood election, with the left-wing alliance saying it will offer a "comprehensive prospectus for change".
In Hollywood's version of the events that inspired the classic novel Moby Dick, a giant sperm whale terrorises the crew of a whaling ship and eventually destroys the vessel.
Great Britain's Chloe Tutton appeared to criticise controversial swimmer Yulia Efimova's presence in Rio after the Russian finished ahead of her in the 200m breaststroke.
A prescription error "significantly contributed" to the death of a woman who was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, a coroner has ruled.
People across northern Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire are cleaning up after extensive flooding along the Humber Estuary.
A man who fled to Pakistan after raping a teenage girl has been jailed after he was caught trying to return to the UK.
Two second-half goals from Billy Sharp gave high-flying Sheffield United victory over struggling Oldham Athletic.
The contenders for the worst films of the year have been announced, with Fifty Shades of Grey dominating the nominations.
The Conservatives have pledged to hold an inquiry into the actions of disgraced breast surgeon Ian Paterson, if the party is returned to power.
"Tea is like a beautiful woman," says Nirmal Sethia.
The company which designed and built Scotland's first satellite has teamed up with US-based scientists to develop new technology to study ocean biology.
Thousands of pounds' worth of cars and machinery have been seized by police from a ram-raid gang that used JCB diggers to rip out cash machines.
Refugees in Northern Ireland will be offered free English lessons, a Stormont minister has said.
US prosecutors have charged militant Islamist leader Mokhtar Belmokhtar over a deadly siege at an Algerian gas plant in January.
Children's author Roald Dahl is to become the first person to be honoured posthumously with a gold Blue Peter badge.
A touring car driver who was seriously injured in an 11-car pile-up is prepared for an "emotional" return to the racing scene.
Featherstone Rovers have made a formal offer to Super League club Wakefield Trinity to ground-share at Post Office Road for at least 2018.
A new RNLI lifeboat designed by a man who was saved by the service as a teenager has arrived in County Donegal.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson says his experience with Wales on next summer's two-Test tour of the Pacific Islands will improve him as a coach.
A judge has allowed Uber drivers in California to take legal action to determine whether they are contractors or employees.
Electric car-maker Tesla quarterly revenues have more than doubled helped by higher deliveries of its upmarket vehicles but its losses also grew.
Brighton's crumbling seafront arches may be restored after the council revealed it has applied for funding to help redevelop the site.
MSPs have voted in principle to make it an offence to park on pavements.
The Rolling Stones have postponed their Australia and New Zealand tour after the death of Sir Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott.
When Donald Trump takes the stage at the Republican debate in Charleston, South Carolina, on Thursday night, he'll have an unlikely home field advantage.
A man is critically ill after he was attacked by a number of people in an overnight assault in north Belfast.
Kathy Bates is to star in the new series of American Horror Story: Hotel.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of committing a murder during an armed robbery in Essex.
The Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has erupted twice in the space of a few hours - having lain dormant for decades.
Polls have closed in Iran's first election since a deal with world powers over the country's nuclear programme and the lifting of sanctions.
The cycling revolution has begun and now Belfast is hoping to join in.
A council has apologised to 14 vulnerable adults whose personal details were published online.
A festive collection of the best science and environment reads this year.
England footballer Adam Johnson has told a jury he "wasn't a good person to his girlfriend or his daughter".
In a way the pension freedoms you hear so much about have taken us back to the old pirate days when some of the first pensions were paid.
The parents of a prisoner who died in obscure circumstances in Sri Lanka are locked in a battle with officials who say his body cannot be taken to his home town for the last rites.
The doctors' union, the BMA, has accused the government of making GPs in England scapegoats for the pressure on A&E departments.
The victim in South Africa's coffin assault case has broken down during the trial of his alleged attackers.
The Australian Border Force (ABF) had planned random checks at Melbourne taxi ranks as part of an aborted visa fraud operation, local media report.
A missing parrot turned up two days after it disappeared by landing on the shoulder of its young owner at school.
A fire has damaged a dental building close to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
The Football Association of Wales is considering a future bid to host another Champions League final.
The Republican candidate in a special congressional election in Montana, Greg Gianforte, has been charged with a misdemeanour for assaulting a Guardian reporter.
Whether it is wood chip or William Morris, there are many forms of wallpaper.
Police are investigating the apparent pesticide poisoning of four abandoned siblings in rural south-west China.
The makers of the i-Que and Cayla smart toys have been accused of subjecting children to "ongoing surveillance" and posing an "imminent and immediate threat" to their safety and security.
Colchester United have handed new deals to striker Gavin Massey and defenders Tom Eastman and Frankie Kent.
A woman has died after a one-vehicle crash on the A87 near Broadford on Skye.
A Dundee bank manager has been found guilty of embezzling £90,000 from his own branch.
Too much money is being paid for the land and buildings needed for new government-funded free schools, the Commons spending watchdog has said.
Newport Gwent Dragons forward Ed Jackson has revealed he suffered a serious spinal injury after diving into the shallow end of a swimming pool.
Molecules found on mobile phones reveal an astonishing amount about the owner's health and lifestyle - including their food preferences and medication.
Ospreys earned their first win in Glasgow since 2009 by easing aside the 14-man Warriors at Scotstoun.
Missing actress Honeysuckle Weeks has been found safe, police have said.
Lynx, wild boar and, eventually, wolves, could all be reintroduced to Scotland under plans set out by a new campaign group.
About 13,000 moths have been captured and recorded by citizen scientists in southern England in a project described as the largest of its kind.
The Secretary of State for Scotland has given an "absolute guarantee" that the Scottish Parliament will get more powers as a result of Brexit.
The "crisis" facing GP services in parts of Wales is "getting worse" with more practices than ever facing an uncertain future, say doctors' leaders.
Canada says it is aware of the case of a Yazidi boy recently rescued by Iraqi forces whose mother is in Winnipeg.
A Bill described as "a bonfire of child protection rights", which would let councils opt out of key legal duties to children, was debated on Tuesday.
Fourie du Preez's 75th-minute try ended battling Wales' World Cup dream in a colossal quarter-final against South Africa at Twickenham.
Rail passengers have faced more travel chaos as striking train drivers hold the first of six, day-long stoppages planned for this month.
A Scott Kashket goal was enough for Wycombe Wanderers to see off a well-organised Leyton Orient side at Adams Park.
The family of a man who died after an attack at a petrol station on the M25 two weeks ago have paid tribute to their "kind-hearted boy".
Former UKIP donor Arron Banks has said he will not stand for the Clacton seat in the general election after a fact-finding mission to the town.
Government plans to treat more patients in the community are not easing pressure on NHS hospitals or saving money, says the National Audit Office.
A police officer has been jailed for lying about his part in a road rage row.
The oldest surviving film featuring a Charles Dickens character has been discovered, in the year of the 200th anniversary of the author's birth.
A masked robber who wore a distinctive pair of pink trainers during a violent raid on a post office has been jailed for four years.
Plans by a company that wants to put 64,000 chickens on an area of outstanding natural beauty in Kent have been met with anger by local residents.
The number of reports of vulnerable adults being harmed in the Scottish Borders has risen sharply, according to a social work report.
A team of refugee athletes will compete at Rio 2016 Paralympic Games, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has announced.
A 55-year-old motorcyclist from Greater Manchester has been killed in a crash involving a car on the Isle of Man.
Former flanker Martyn Williams hopes Wales can avoid the pitfalls of their two previous defeats by New Zealand in the third and final Test on Saturday.
Work has started on a £2.7m project to redevelop part of the Port of Newport to increase cargo volumes.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) says pesticide poisoning is the probable cause of 18 mysterious deaths in south-western Nigeria.
A&E delays in England have reached record levels, official figures show.
A woman accused of harming her seven-year-old granddaughter has told a court she was beaten as a child.
The cast of characters who have played a part in the demise of BHS is arguably worthy of a mini-series.
A 72-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a three-year-old girl.
The suspension of Jeremy Clarkson is the latest in a string of complaints surrounding the Top Gear presenter.
A counter-terrorism training exercise has taken place in Dublin to test the responsiveness of Gardaí (Irish police) in the event of a real attack.
A student has died from meningitis and another two are recovering, prompting a university to offer undergraduates a vaccination.
Lawyers for France's football manager Didier Deschamps say he will sue Eric Cantona for suggesting his Euro 2016 squad selection was racially motivated.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was left outside a hospital after being stabbed.
Plans to build student flats on ancient woodland have been described as "an environmental crime" by campaigners opposed to the move.
An Easyjet plane has made an emergency landing shortly after taking off from Edinburgh Airport.
The Belfast Giants have signed the son of their first ever coach as back-up netminder to number one Stephen Murphy.
The Victoria and Albert Museum has apologised after a mum said she was asked to "cover up" while breastfeeding on a visit to the London attraction.
The Mexican border is a line that sends an electric charge through the US presidential campaign.
About 100 men at the UK's largest detention centre have been spotted in the exercise yard and are believed to be protesting about living conditions.
The absence of top players from the Olympics "isn't going to help" golf's case for staying at future Games, the president of the International Golf Federation has said.
A football fan was so disgusted with the referee's decision to send off Nani in Tuesday's Champions League clash with Real Madrid he called 999.
Up to 10 camels have been put up for sale at a farm in Cornwall.
Monica Puig beat Angelique Kerber in three sets in the women's singles final to win Puerto Rico's first ever Olympic gold medal.
Neill Byrne bundled home a late equaliser as Macclesfield rescued a draw at fellow National League high-flyers Barrow.
Brazil secured a World Cup semi-final against Germany with victory over Colombia on a night of gripping tension and passion in Fortaleza.
Hong Kong authorities have rejected an application by Qantas-backed Australian budget carrier Jetstar to set up a local airline, after nearly two years of deliberation.
The songs of World War 1 often speak of disillusionment, bitterness, boredom and a very dark sense of humour, says Scottish folk singer and producer Ian McCalman.
A major Henry Moore sculpture is to be sold by a London council to pay for front-line services after it was decided that it could not be safely displayed on council land.
Online shoppers now have longer to cancel orders while complaints calls should be cheaper, under laws that take effect on Friday.
A Lib Dem mayoral candidate was mistakenly billed in campaign material as standing for Labour.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of a cyclist in a Wrexham crash, say North Wales Police.
Some court cases could be shown live on television under proposals put forward by Scotland's judges.
People have described the "sheer panic" of the Manchester Arena blast that left 19 dead, more than 50 injured and survivors fleeing for their lives.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a retired paramedic at a Cumbria hotel.
An aide to a Tory AM has apologised for a social media post after the Paris attacks referring to Enoch Powell's notorious "rivers of blood" speech.
Allocating cash for the expansion of grammar schools in England when other parts of the education sector face funding concerns is "baffling", shadow education secretary Angela Rayner says.
Michail Antonio scored five minutes from time to give West Ham victory over Bournemouth in the first Premier League match at the London Stadium.
Emergency workers in Mexico are searching for survivors after landslides killed dozens in the wake of Tropical Storm Earl.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the new Conservative government has a "very clear mandate" to renegotiate the UK's relationship with the European Union.
Better psychiatric cover is needed at a prison where an inmate was found electrocuted in his cell, an inquest has heard.
Pop singer Dane Bowers has denied assaulting his ex-girlfriend, saying he was acting in self-defence when he hit her.
Liverpool are to sign Chelsea's teenage forward Dominic Solanke after he failed to agree a contract with the Premier League champions.
About 100 home care workers in Swansea and Carmarthenshire are to be paid up to £2,500 each after a company breached minimum wage rules.
India's most famous tiger, 19-year-old Machli, has died, officials say.
The president of a French farming union has called for the re-introduction of a hard border between Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland after Brexit.
A Spanish priest has admitted to leaking classified Vatican documents to journalists, saying he had felt intimidated.
A worker has been killed after being hit by a truck during resurfacing work in East Kilbride.
A "deplorable" doctor has been struck off for calling his receptionist "the fat blob" and using expletives to describe patients.
The African Champions League title-holders, Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa, survived a scare in Kampala on Saturday as they drew 1-1 at KCCA to progress to the group phase of this year's competition.
Turkey has inaugurated a high-speed rail link between Istanbul and Ankara, slashing by half the seven-hour journey time between the two cities.
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who has polarised opinion by kneeling during the national anthem, was booed on his return to the starting line-up against the Buffalo Bills.
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson admitted he was "ashamed" to see his side set a new club record of eight straight league defeats with a 1-0 loss at fellow-strugglers Nottingham Forest.
Millwall were held to a lacklustre goalless draw at home in the first leg of their League One play-off semi-final by a determined Scunthorpe side.
Neil Warnock expects to be in charge of Queens Park Rangers for two more games, BBC Radio London reports.
Household energy bills and carbon emissions will rise unless ministers devise new policies to save power, a report says.
The A9 Perth to Inverness road has been closed in both directions following an accident near Kincraig.
Demonstrators in the Polish capital Warsaw have renewed their protest against government plans to restrict journalists' access to parliament.
It was an afternoon when two clubs in the English Football League had to accept the reality of relegation - or did they?
A BBC Scotland investigation has revealed that a total of 30 schools in Scotland have had to make repairs due to structural defects in the last five years.
Soft toys, paper and a hawk were used in a bid to lure a bird of prey which had taken up temporary residence in a South Tyneside sports hall.
A 100 euros typewriter has sold for 45,000 euros (£40,000; $51,500) at auction, after it was discovered it was actually a German Wehrmacht Enigma I.
Celtic midfielder Kris Commons has joined injury-hit Hibernian on an emergency loan until 15 January.
The now-deceased soldier who shot and killed Henry Thornton in Belfast in 1971 will be named, a coroner has said.
An infants and nursery school in Torfaen has reopened 10 days after it was gutted by fire.
Durham put themselves in strong position to earn a first Championship win of the season after declaring with a big lead on the third day at Kent.
A Â£330,000 project to improve the A590 in south Cumbria by installing new safety barriers begins later.
The opening of a new £11m leisure centre in Workington has been delayed.
Police have identified 181 new victims in the investigation into child sex abuse within football in the UK since April.
A section of the embankment of the River Arno in central Florence collapsed on Wednesday morning, sending part of the road and at least 20 parked cars into a newly formed ditch.
We travelled along the road to Manbij, a small town in northern Syria that has become the new frontline in the battle against the jihadist group Islamic State (IS).
Holders Chile have been drawn in the same group as Argentina, Bolivia and Panama at the 2016 Copa America.
Undeclared payments made to an MP's office by a businessman will not be investigated by police.
SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell has said if Labour leader Ed Miliband becomes the next prime minister "it will be with our support, on our terms, that he takes power".
The winter solstice has been celebrated by about 1,500 revellers who gathered to watch the sunrise at Stonehenge.
Alt-folk singer-songwriter Laura Marling has been unveiled as a headline act for the 2016 Green Man festival.
Former Bishop of Galway, Eamon Casey, who was at the centre of a scandal that rocked the Catholic Church in the early 1990s, has died.
South Africa's treasury has recommended President Jacob Zuma pay back $509,000 (Â£385,000) to the government for upgrades made to his private home.
The UN Security Council has approved the creation of an unarmed mission in Colombia to oversee a bilateral ceasefire, if Farc rebels and the government sign a peace agreement.
England kit man Dave Tennison is under investigation by the Rugby Football Union over claims he urged players to buy shares which fell in value.
A cameraman working in Liberia has tested positive for Ebola and is to be flown home to the US for treatment.
A new state-of-the-art medical research facility, which houses a powerful MRI scanner, is to be officially opened.
The results of Sats tests taken in primary schools in England, due to be published on Tuesday, should not be compared with previous years, says Education Secretary Nicky Morgan.
British world champion Rachel Atherton does not feel the need to go chasing Olympic medals despite dominating downhill mountain biking.
Detectives hunting the gang behind the Hatton Garden safe deposit raid have arrested nine suspects.
Hartlepool were denied victory by one of their own as Yeovil earned a draw against Dave Jones' side.
Newport Gwent Dragons forward Ed Jackson is recovering in hospital after undergoing surgery for a neck injury.
Kerry O'Flaherty will race in Belfast on Saturday after booking her place at the European Cross Country Championship in France on 13 December.
Firms in financial trouble could be allowed to reduce the generosity of pensions, the government has suggested.
The UK and Welsh governments are working to keep steel production in Britain, a minister has said.
Rock band Kasabian have cancelled a concert in Belfast minutes before they were due to take to the stage on Tuesday night.
A young woman has been indecently assaulted in a Glasgow cemetery.
Barcelona took the honours in the first El Clasico of the La Liga season with a dominant 4-0 win at Real Madrid on Saturday.
The Brooklyn Cruise Ship Terminal opened in 2006 - the same year that Twitter launched.
The Scottish government has set out plans to reform Scotland's enterprise and skills agencies.
How much of the rise in Europe's anti-establishment parties of right and left is cyclical and how much is long-term and secular?
Hundreds of North Sea workers are to be balloted for industrial action in a dispute over pay cuts.
About 620,000 people in the UK have a faulty gene that puts them at risk of developing coronary heart disease or sudden death, and most are unaware, heart experts have warned.
Masked city workers in New Orleans have removed the last of four monuments to the pro-slavery rebellion defeated in the US Civil War.
Car owners in London will face fines of up to £100 if someone drops litter from their vehicles, under a law change.
Newton Aycliffe sacked their manager Peter Dixon after players from the non-league club fought their way into their opponents' dressing room.
A US man who celebrated news that his wife was expecting a baby boy by setting off an explosion in Nebraska is facing police action which could result in a year in jail and a fine.
Cowdenbeath defender Dean Brett has been sacked by the League Two club after admitting betting against his own team.
Uber's chief executive could be forced to take a leave of absence under changes being considered by the firm, reports say.
Ground-breaking rap act NWA, Deep Purple and Chicago have been announced as inductees of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
What do you do if your grades are different from those you were expecting?
Chile secured the first major trophy in their history on home soil courtesy of a penalty shootout win over Argentina in the Copa America final.
Company directors could be fined up to £500,000 if their business is behind nuisance phone calls, under government moves to clamp down on the problem.
Profusely sweating, panting for air and feeling lunch turning in my stomach - I thought to myself 'Why did I volunteer for this?'
A British model who was allegedly kidnapped in Milan and held captive for six days has returned to the UK.
A huge blaze broke out at a shop in Southampton, setting off dozens of fireworks stored inside.
The triumphant leader of the far-right National Front (FN), Marine Le Pen, says French voters rejected the "old political class" in regional elections that put her party top.
Jeremy Corbyn has hit back at a report in the Sun newspaper claiming Labour mayors Andy Burnham and Sadiq Khan will be "frozen out" of Labour's conference.
Emergency services are carrying out a search after a person went missing in the Falls of Bruar in Perthshire.
Donegal midfielder Rory Kavanagh has announced his retirement from inter-county football because of work and family considerations.
Schools in Inverclyde are preparing to welcome a record 19 sets of twins.
A couple dressed as zombies were stopped by concerned motorway police responding to reports of a woman being assaulted in a car.
Jeffrey Fowle, one of three US citizens detained in North Korea, has been released, US officials say.
A pair of twins, separated at birth at the end of World War Two, have been reunited after almost 70 years apart.
International talks towards a new global climate deal are due to end on Thursday, amid concern that progress has been slow.
All images by Dougie Johnston.
Head teachers have attacked the idea of Ofsted inspectors visiting schools in England without any warning.
A coastal tourist attraction, which reopened to the public five months ago after a £7.5m revamp, has been forced to close because of storm damage.
Let's face it - most people use social media in some form to communicate these days.
Even light exposure to oil from disasters like the Deep Water Horizon oil spill makes flying more difficult for birds, a study has revealed.
A 93-year-old former guard at Auschwitz has died a week before he was due to stand trial in Germany.
Frantic US political attempts to avert a federal debt default have pivoted back to the Senate after plans in the House of Representatives collapsed.
Cameroon will deploy an extra 2,000 troops along its northern border with Nigeria to fight militant Islamist group Boko Haram, state television reports.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has alleged that his office has been raided by the country's federal investigation agency.
Leeds United manager Garry Monk has blamed Charlie Taylor's withdrawal from the squad at Wigan on Sunday on the defender's advisors.
Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka says his side fully deserve to be top of the Championship table with three games left to play.
A deputy manager of a mental health ward has appeared in court accused of engaging in sexual activity with a woman patient.
This Budget not only chipped away at the pension tax regime, but also suggested that the entire edifice might be pulled down and replaced.
Sarabjit Singh, the Indian convicted of spying in Pakistan and killed in a Pakistani jail last week, has been cremated in India amid mass outrage.
A piper from Oban has won the prestigious Glenfiddich Piping Championships.
Patients in Torbay Hospital's emergency department are "at risk of avoidable harm" say inspectors.
Samsung Electronics says its operating profits are expected to have risen in the third quarter, despite the recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
Andy Murray is one of five players named by Great Britain for this month's Davis Cup tie with Serbia, although the world number two will not confirm his involvement until after Wimbledon.
An army group in Turkey says it has taken over the country, with gunfire heard and military jets flying low over the capital, Ankara.
The NFL has opened an investigation into allegations that Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning had human growth hormone sent to his house.
Scotland's new food standards body has recommended tougher targets for healthy eating after finding "little or no progress" over the past 15 years.
The cross-party body which runs the assembly has asked the Westminster expenses regulator to do some more work reviewing the Stormont expenses system.
This year's Tony Awards scored its best US TV ratings since 2009, with viewership up 20% from last year's show, according to the CBS network.
The birth of an elephant calf has been captured on CCTV at Chester Zoo.
The Conservatives have retained overall control of Somerset County Council.
Kris Commons cracked in the only goal as Hibernian stretched their lead in the Championship to six points.
An outfit worn by Vivien Leigh in the film Gone with the Wind has been sold for $137,000 (£91,000) at an auction in California.
American actor David Hasselhoff says he supports Partick Thistle because they are "a team for the people".
You've been telling us exactly what you think about social media.
The state of NHS community nursing in England is "lamentable", nursing leaders say.
More than a quarter of Welsh councils will not provide pest control services to private homes from 1 April.
Health inspectors have condemned a "chaotic" hospital emergency department which they said was failing to keep patients safe.
Notts County upset second-placed Plymouth at Home Park to edge further away from the League Two relegation zone.
BBC West Africa correspondent Thomas Fessy looks at the lessons we can learn from the coup in Burkina Faso, which has been reversed just a week after the presidential guards seized power:
Struggling Birmingham City earned their first win under Harry Redknapp with 10 men as they beat Championship play-off favourites Huddersfield Town.
Tottenham will take an away goal into the second leg of their Europa League last-32 tie with Fiorentina after a draw in Italy.
An imprisoned Ethiopian journalist and blogger has been given a prestigious freedom of expression award.
A mother who jumped off a cliff with her baby was able to leave a maternity ward unchallenged as she had "free access" in the hospital, a report said.
There have been long queues outside many banks in India as people tried to deposit discontinued banknotes ahead of a deadline that has now passed.
An Iranian mathematician working in the US has become the first ever female winner of the celebrated Fields Medal.
Brighton went top of the Championship and made it 15 games unbeaten with a win at 10-man Blackburn Rovers.
A US citizen released from detention in North Korea has been greeted to an emotional homecoming in Ohio.
German authorities plan to terminate a North Korean business in the heart of Berlin - a big hostel next to the communist state's embassy.
Tennis coach Judy Murray, pop star Emeli Sande and Harry Potter author JK Rowling are among the well-known faces in Scotland to have received awards in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Southampton have signed Crystal Palace goalkeeper Alex McCarthy for an undisclosed fee and French right-back Jeremy Pied on a free transfer.
China's factory activity contracted at the fastest pace for six and a half years in September, according to a preliminary survey of the vast sector.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said the FA Cup final comeback against Hull City can be a turning point towards a successful new era for the club.
Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko may have accidentally killed himself after handling radioactive material, a key suspect in his death has said.
Passengers buying tickets onboard some Greater Manchester buses are to pay more than those using a smartphone app.
A council has said the removal of a number of trees from a Borders park as part of a £3.65m overhaul is "unfortunate" but "necessary".
A UN medical worker infected with Ebola has died at a hospital in Germany.
An Australian cricketer has received a two-year suspended sentence for bets totalling Aus $9 (£4.36) during the 2015 Cricket World Cup.
The Prince of Wales has given his backing to a campaign to raise £1m to secure the future of Harrogate International Festivals.
Apprentice star Vana Koutsomitis is preparing to launch the dating app she first pitched on the BBC show.
Blackpool's Central and South piers have been sold for about £8m to a family with close ties to the town.
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw wants one more "huge effort" from his team to win a third straight game and match their best Six Nations campaign.
David Cameron and Ed Miliband have faced tough questions from a Question Time audience over their economic plans in the final TV event of the campaign.
Harry Aikines-Aryeetey won twice as Great Britain sit in third place after day two at the European Team Championships in Lille, France.
Facebook have stepped up their battle against phishing and malware scammers by partnering with security firm Websense.
Relatives of the victims of the IRA Birmingham pub bombings have attended a memorial service to mark the 41st anniversary of the attacks.
The ovens are on and the pots are simmering in the Masterchef kitchen with a new series having just begun on BBC One.
Aberdeen assistant manager Tony Docherty will join the Scotland national coaching team for the March fixtures against Canada and Slovenia.
Cardiff has an ongoing problem with the radicalisation of young Muslims, said an academic who has studied the issue.
A mechanic who admitted raping and strangling a family friend who he was living with has been jailed for life.
Struggling Coventry City's off-field problems were further highlighted at the Ricoh Arena on Wednesday night as they attracted their lowest-ever crowd for a first-team game.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Monday, bringing a three-day winning streak to an end.
Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce has said he intends to press charges against a man who hit him in the face with a pie.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has said he is drafting legislation to stop any attempt by the Trump administration to fire Russia investigator Bob Mueller.
A woman had died in a crash involving a motorbike and a car on the A939 road near Tomintoul.
Two men have been jailed after they stole a car which was used to run over a Hertfordshire police officer, leaving him seriously injured.
Northern Ireland captain Steven Davis has hailed Kyle Lafferty's "maturity" after he struck late to salvage a 1-1 draw against Hungary at Windsor Park.
As Anglican leaders bar a liberal US branch from decision-making for allowing same-sex marriage, the BBC's religious affairs correspondent Caroline Wyatt considers what this means for the Anglican Church.
Hong Kong has issued a red alert warning against travel to South Korea, which is battling an outbreak of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (Mers).
The BBC's iPlayer has been made available using the HTML5 web language, at the expense of Adobe's Flash player.
The parents of an Alabama student who killed herself after claiming she was raped have sued her alleged attacker and local officials for wrongful death.
Members of the public are to be asked to comment on how offenders are sentenced by the courts.
Luton Town have signed Malta international winger Luke Gambin from Barnet for an undisclosed fee.
Belfast loyalist Winston 'Winkie' Rea has been charged with two counts of murder dating back more than 20 years.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a man found injured near a boating lake.
A 10km obstacle race was held at Aldourie at Loch Ness at the weekend.
A dormitory manager and five others have been detained in southern Turkey after a fire claimed the lives of 11 schoolgirls and a teacher, reports say.
Comments suggesting UK ministers should be able to intervene on education in Wales have been rejected by Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies.
A south Belfast man has admitted offences linked to the death of a County Tyrone student who died after being struck by a van.
Nigeria has been removed from the list of polio endemic countries in what is being regarded as a "milestone" on the quest to eradicate the disease.
A petition has been handed over to the Welsh assembly calling for first aid to be taught to all pupils in secondary schools.
Two university tower blocks have been demolished in a controlled explosion in central Birmingham.
A Labour frontbencher has said the party will suspend South Yorkshire's PCC if he fails to quit by the morning.
An Indian woman has named her baby "Uber" after giving birth in a car belonging to the taxi aggregation service.
So the UK, it seems, is headed out of the European Union's single market, perhaps also out of the customs union.
Plans to restrict camping around several lochs in the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park have been approved by the Scottish government.
A woman has told a court she became pregnant after an Army recruitment sergeant raped her in a locked room.
The last of the 29 Navajo Americans who developed a code with their native language to encrypt military messages in World War 2 has died.
The government plans to keep visa-free travel to the UK for EU visitors after Brexit, the BBC understands.
The death toll from wildfires across the US state of Tennessee has risen to 11 as search and rescue continues.
Jess Varnish says she spoke out against British Cycling technical director Shane Sutton with the hope of changing attitudes at the organisation.
A man who has been at the forefront of protests against Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is in hospital after allegedly being beaten and tortured.
Scottish business activity has picked up slightly but still lags well behind England, according to a monthly survey of purchasing managers.
The England and Wales Cricket Board has defended its disciplinary process following a case involving Somerset bowler Craig Overton.
Norwich City and Queens Park Rangers are among clubs showing an interest in James Forrest after the Scotland winger rejected a new Celtic contract.
A Hartlepool hair salon has joined a growing collection of businesses around the country being sent mystery poems.
A US sales executive is suing her employer for invasion of privacy, alleging that she was fired after deleting an app which tracked her movements.
Eleven Republican candidates are doing battle for the White House and after months of campaigning their first electoral test, in Iowa, is just days away.
A co-founder of Gordons Chemists in Northern Ireland has died.
An new implantable heart device which resists interference from magnetic scanners has been tested in Scotland.
Hamilton manager Martin Canning was left bewildered after his team's 3-2 defeat away to Ross County, describing his team's misfortune as "scary".
Confusion is undermining a project to get superfast broadband to more people in Wales, according to an MP.
South Korea's pension fund head has been arrested in a probe into alleged corruption involving electronic firm Samsung and the country's president.
HJK Helsinki striker Alfredo Morelos arrived in Edinburgh this morning ahead of his expected move to Rangers.
Conservative MP Andrew Tyrie, who chairs the powerful Treasury Select Committee, is to stand down from Parliament at the general election.
The astonishing survival of the comet lander Philae means we have a unique opportunity to witness something previous generations could only dream of.
Like many French rap stars, Mokobe has drawn inspiration from growing up in one of the bleak "banlieues" (suburbs) where immigrants make up a large part of the population.
The Maldives Supreme Court has annulled results from the first round of voting in presidential elections, and called a fresh ballot by 20 October.
Former Lions hooker Keith Wood says the decision to drop centre Brian O'Driscoll for Saturday's deciding Test with Australia is a "terrible mistake".
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the international community must do more to "help shape" a transitional government in Syria after holding talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Eleven more high-rise buildings in Manchester have failed fire tests following the Grenfell Tower disaster.
A beacon has been lit at the top of Snowdon as part of festivities to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
A four-year-old boy died when he was hit by a car in north-west London.
Pedro Caixinha felt his Rangers team gave Celtic too much respect as they lost the Scottish Cup semi-final 2-0.
Britain's Mo Farah received a raucous reception as he eased to victory in the 3,000m at the Anniversary Games in the Olympic Stadium, London.
Russia has vetoed a United Nations Security Council resolution that would have described the Srebrenica massacre as "genocide".
Notting Hill Carnival will open with a special ceremony as a "small act of remembrance" following the Grenfell fire tragedy.
An exhibition of images taken by Glasgow photographer Harry Papadopoulos is on display in Paisley.
Owning a car for many Ethiopians - even those with ready cash to spend in one of the world's fastest-growing economies - remains a pipe dream.
As the schedule of events for Hull's year as City of Culture are announced, BBC News looks at what the title means for the city, and what is has to offer.
Gavin Henson kicked all Bristol's points on his injury return as they beat rivals Bath for the first time in 11 years to boost their survival hopes.
A man who attacked another man in a row over a stolen iPad and then posted a photograph of his injured victim on social media has been jailed.
Leinster Lightning produced an improved batting performance in their second innings against Ulster Knights to keep their unbeaten Inter-pro record.
Durham earned a narrow 11-run victory over Leicestershire in a high-scoring One-Day Cup match at Grace Road.
Mexico came from behind to beat New Zealand and moved top of the group amid ugly scenes at the Confederations Cup.
South African Charl Schwartzel won the Valspar Championship in Palm Harbour, Florida with victory over American Bill Haas at the first play-off hole.
Scot Russell Knox was one shot off the lead when the third round of the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai was suspended because of darkness.
Saracens returned to the top of the Premiership table after securing a late bonus point in their win at Newcastle.
About 60 firefighters are still at the scene of a blaze at a student accommodation block in Nottingham's former Player's cigarette factory.
Scotland's share of inward investment projects has fallen, according to the latest figures from the new UK Department for International Trade.
A review of the Muslim Brotherhood's UK activity has cleared it of links to terrorism, its lawyers have said.
A Peruvian father has recovered the body of his son, after embarking on a nine-hour journey through the jungle.
World football's governing body Fifa has been instructed to reconsider Gibraltar's application for membership.
Sunderland manager David Moyes has resisted calls from fans to quit with his side facing relegation from the Premier League.
An RAF plane is "conducting activity" off the Scottish coast, the Ministry of Defence says, amid reports of a Russian submarine being spotted in the area.
Bulent Mumay found out he was on a list of 42 journalists facing arrest when a friend called him on Monday morning.
The new director of public prosecutions is to be Alison Saunders, the attorney general has announced.
World number one Novak Djokovic will play Roger Federer in the men's semi-final at the Australian Open.
Bristol City have signed Australian centre-back Bailey Wright from Preston North End for an undisclosed fee.
An Iraq war veteran who jumped the White House fence and ran into the building with a knife has pleaded guilty to two charges.
A station in Stoke-on-Trent as part of the high-speed rail project "has not been ruled out", the HS2 boss says.
The owner of Australian newspapers including the Sydney Morning Herald is in takeover talks with a North American private equity consortium.
A housing developer has been accused of "snobbery" for banning traders from parking vans outside their homes.
After three years of delays, Boeing's Dreamliner jet is set for its maiden commercial voyage.
Wigan Athletic have announced that four players will leave the club when their contracts expire during the summer.
Bill Clinton has a genuine willingness to help Northern Ireland parties resolve the crisis at Stormont, a former senior aide has said.
There was a sense of deja vu as Scotland lost a last-minute goal against Spain for the second successive meeting between the two sides.
The family of a 77-year-old bus driver whose vehicle crashed into a Coventry supermarket, killing two people, say he is "devastated to the core".
The government does not yet have enough votes from MPs to back air strikes against Islamic State (IS) in Syria, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said.
Eleven people have been charged following a fracas at last year's Epsom Derby.
Aberdeen have posted a record turnover and another profit but warned of "significant challenges" in raising funds to complete their move from Pittodrie to a new stadium.
Work to expand one of Kent's three offshore wind farms has got under way.
Tokyo's iconic Okura hotel has closed ahead of its demolition and redevelopment for the 2020 Olympics.
The arrest of more than 20 people, many of them from Turkey's media, has ignited a war of words between pro-government and opposition press and TV outlets.
Dubbed one of the biggest test cheating scandals in the US, more than 170 teachers and principals were found to have helped cheating in exams in 2009.
A medieval castle which stands over a Powys town is to receive more than £500,000 as part of plans to restore it.
A couple have appeared in court accused of attempting to smuggle a mobile phone into Perth Prison by flying it over the security wall with a drone.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited Luxembourg on her second solo trip, to mark 150 years of the Treaty of London.
The centenary of the Gallipoli campaign - one of the bloodiest of World War One - has been marked with a memorial in Dorset.
A specially painted Eurofighter Typhoon commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain has been unveiled.
Discount store Poundland's proposed purchase of rival 99p Stores for £55m faces an in-depth investigation by competition authorities.
An amusement ride which was shut down after its carriages crashed into each other in mid-air with people on board is safe, its operator says.
At a time when the driverless car is said to be just around the corner, the rail dispute that has brought five days of strike action to Southern trains seems to belong to another age.
London has been illuminated by its first festival of light, featuring 30 artists.
The Metropolitan Police has offered a £40,000 reward for information on the linked murders of a bunny girl and a teenager.
Croatia midfielder Niko Kranjcar has signed for Rangers on a two-year deal after completing a medical.
A generational divide in UK households' income growth has been confirmed in the latest government figures - but incomes are little changed in the last year.
A County Antrim man has been jailed for a year for selling fake fire safety glass that was later installed at schools, universities and hospitals.
A legal graffiti wall is being introduced in Aberdeen.
A leading paediatrician has warned of the dangers of lithium batteries after two children swallowed them and died.
Oxfordshire's councillors are calling for a review into how decisions are made after the installation of a pipeline between two hospitals had to be halted.
Pharmaceuticals is an extraordinarily profitable business.
An Orange hall in County Tyrone has been attacked for the second time in two days.
Susan McLarnon arrives on crutches to tell her story.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party presidential candidate Norbert Hofer and his rival, Green-backed Alexander Van der Bellen, are holding final rallies ahead of a run-off vote.
Police say there is not enough evidence to prosecute a hit-and-run driver who accelerated into a cyclist - despite the incident being captured on video.
Strong demand for its breakfast range has helped Greggs report a small rise in sales, despite "an increasingly challenging trading environment".
Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) chairman Gareth Davies believes a Six Nations revamp is "up for grabs" when tournament organisers meet this summer.
BT Group's takeover of mobile phone network EE has been given final clearance by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).
President Barack Obama has defended newly revealed US government phone and internet surveillance programmes, saying they are closely overseen by Congress and the courts.
A fugitive who made headlines for using an "affluenza" defence after a fatal drink-driving crash has delayed his extradition from Mexico to the US.
Searchers have found the body of a skier who went missing in an avalanche near Glencoe Ski Centre in the west Highlands.
The BBC's Dave Lee reports from the Def Con hacking conference in Las Vegas, where Hillary Clinton has gained some unlikely support from the hacking community.
Ireland were knocked out of the World Cup by Pakistan, who qualified for the quarter-finals with a seven-wicket win.
Worcester City beat Coventry City 2-1 to produce the biggest shock of Sunday's FA Cup first-round ties.
Skier Dave Ryding matched Britain's best ever alpine World Cup result when he finished second in the Kitzbuhel slalom in Austria.
Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha provided the decisive cross on his Ivory Coast debut as the African champions beat Sweden 2-1 in an Africa Cup of Nations warm-up match on Sunday.
The Care Quality Commission, the health watchdog in England, is "not yet an effective regulator", MPs say.
For a man who played his cricket in an era of poor pitches and limited time for practice, WG Grace was nothing less than a phenomenon.
The youngest British soldier to be killed in Afghanistan has been honoured in his home town - seven years after he died.
A review into the handling of a case involving a solicitor who was struck off has found no wrongdoing by Law Society of Scotland staff.
The company which built Cambridgeshire's guided busway is to be "held to account" for the cost of defects, the county council has agreed.
A part-time volunteer police sergeant who pushed an 87-year-old woman and shouted in her face has been given a final written warning.
Former Guatemalan military ruler Oscar Mejia Victores has been sent to hospital to see if he is well enough to stand trial on genocide charges.
A 15-year-old boy has appeared at Londonderry Magistrates Court charged with raping a 17-year-old girl in the city.
What would you do if something you loved made you a target for bullies?
Part of Greece's political establishment for decades, Vangelis Meimarakis is everything voters rejected when they backed Alexis Tsipras and his left-wing Syriza party in January's election.
A GP practice in Wiltshire has been placed in special measures after its overall quality of services was rated "inadequate".
Are you dreaming of a holiday in the Maldives?
Labour has called for the immediate publication of a government report about the impact of immigration on the UK economy following suggestions that it has been withheld by Downing Street.
More than a dozen manatees who got stuck in a pipe in Florida have been rescued by firefighters.
Natalie Sciver hit the winning run off the final ball as England women beat New Zealand by four wickets in a warm-up game for the World Twenty20.
Lancashire Thunder edged to a nail-biting six-run victory over Loughborough Lightning at Haslegrave.
Three ambulance crew members have been suspended after an inquest heard there were delays and "gross failure" to provide care to a woman who died from an adverse reaction to paracetamol.
Former managers at a peanut company have been charged in the US state of Georgia over a salmonella outbreak that caused nine deaths in 2008 and 2009.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan reached the World Championship quarter-finals with a hard-fought 13-11 victory over Joe Perry in Sheffield.
London Irish have agreed a long-term deal to sign Leicester Tigers back Tommy Bell from next season.
A US-allied Syrian militia has said it will hand over villages west of the town of Manbij to the army in order to stop Turkish-backed rebels taking them.
A "bully" grabbed a schoolboy by the throat and called a teenage girl a "whore" after spotting them cuddling in east London, a court has heard.
A bomb has exploded outside the home of a serving police officer in Londonderry as Army technical officers were trying to defuse it.
A group of MPs and peers says migrants should be expected to learn English before coming to the UK, or attend language classes when they arrive.
The fall of David Petraeus, director of the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the general who successfully commanded America's troop surge in Iraq during 2007-8 is a modern morality tale, even if it did arise from one of the most ancient human failings, marital infidelity.
Beijing has called the presence of a US warship near a disputed island in the South China Sea "a serious political and military provocation".
They pride themselves on being "mes que un club" - more than a club.
Guatemalan officials have declared a neighbourhood which was buried in a mudslide uninhabitable.
John Boothman is to leave his position as BBC Scotland's head of news and current affairs to work on the corporation's Charter renewal bid.
A county Antrim husband and wife have admitted helping the murderers of a Chinese restaurant owner try to cover up their crime.
The leaders of 10 of the world's biggest oil companies have offered their qualified support for a new global treaty on climate change.
More than 2,000 ticking clocks have gone on display in an art installation as British Summer Time (BST) begins.
More than 200 people have lost their jobs after a Devon toiletries company confirmed it has closed.
Farai Mushayademo is one of more than 100,000 vendors operating on the streets of Zimbabwe's capital Harare, but he has found a way to stand out from his rivals.
Hundreds of naked swimmers have taken to the water in Finland in a bid to break the world record for the biggest naked swim.
Two Belfast men who stole £700 worth of sex toys have been given suspended prison sentences.
Snooker player Sydney Wilson says practising to make it as a professional cueman can be "mundane and repetitive".
BBC Sport tracks all the manager ins and outs as well as listing all the current bosses in the Premier League, Scottish Premiership, Football League and National League.
South Korean prosecutors have applied for an arrest warrant for former president Park Geun-hye, for her role in a corruption scandal.
Part of Llanwern steelworks in south Wales is to be temporarily mothballed, with the loss of 115 jobs.
New affordability checks have only put a "gentle dampener" on the UK mortgage market during their first months of operation, lenders say.
The future role of Guernsey States-owned airline Aurigny will form part of a review into its services.
Commemorations have taken place across Wales to mark the 70th anniversary of Victory in Japan day.
A number of operations have been postponed at Royal Berkshire Hospital due to a computer virus.
The body of an elderly woman has been found in a river in Manchester.
Scientists from Aberystwyth and Leeds have joined forces to learn how glaciers behaved in the past so they can predict the future.
The response to this latest chemical "attack" in Syria will provide a measure of just how far the international community has come in struggling with the security crisis in Syria.
Suzy Eises is a saxophonist from Namibia who has shared the stage with South Africa’s Jimmy Dludlu and other African artists.
Bantamweight Qais Ashfaq became the fifth British boxer to exit the Rio 2016 Olympic Games after being beaten by Thailand's Chatchai Butdee.
Edinson Cavani scored twice as Paris St-Germain beat Saint-Etienne to make it four wins out of four in Ligue 1.
Mansfield have signed defenders David Mirfin and Johnny Hunt on free transfers after their departures from Scunthorpe and Chester respectively.
Campaigners have urged a city council not to give up on using vinegar instead of controversial chemicals to kill weeds on its streets.
Shares in Japanese electronics firm Sharp have fallen by 6.5% on concerns a delayed takeover deal with Taiwan's Foxconn may fall apart.
US President Donald Trump is likely to come to the UK next year, the BBC understands.
Mae trethdalwyr wedi cyfrannu bron £30,000 i gronfa i dalu bil cyfreithiol pennaeth cyngor mewn achos enllib preifat, a does yr un ceiniog o'r arian wedi cael ei ad-dalu.
Israel says it will build 3,000 new homes for Jewish settlers in the occupied West Bank.
An event to mark the achievements of sailor Alex Thomson in the round the world Vendee Globe race has been postponed due to forecast storms.
Martin Boyle's double piloted Hibernian past Alloa Athletic to within five points of Championship leaders Rangers.
A plane headed for Aberdeen was turned back to Norwich Airport after the crew reported smelling an "unusual odour" in the cockpit.
Stevenage have signed Finland goalkeeper Jesse Joronen on a six-month loan from Championship side Fulham.
Climate change is threatening the survival of bumblebees, hugely reducing the areas in which they can survive, according to scientists.
It is the craze which is terrifying children and adults alike on both sides of the Atlantic, whether you like it or not.
All the non-executive directors of an NHS trust criticised for failing to properly investigate hundreds of deaths have resigned.
Durham county councillors have agreed to freeze Council Tax for the fourth consecutive year.
(Close): Wall Street shares closed slightly higher on Thursday ahead of Friday's jobs report.
The Conservative candidate for London Mayor, Zac Goldsmith, will vote to leave the European Union, his team has confirmed.
A section of cliff has collapsed onto a beach on Dorset's Jurassic Coast.
Questions are being raised by officials about why a police officer who shot an Australian woman and his partner did not record the fatal incident.
A town has struggled to find its first town crier after only two people applied for the job and then failed to turn up to auditions.
Honduras President Juan Hernandez has called on the United States to create an anti-drugs plan for Central America.
Police investigating the murder of County Tyrone man Michael Barr, who was shot dead in Dublin two months ago, have arrested a man.
Michael Carberry helped Perth Scorchers beat Kevin Pietersen's Melbourne Stars by 18 runs at the Waca and reach the Australian Big Bash League final.
India's Supreme Court has ordered the continuing detention of businessman Subrata Roy and asked his firm to come up with a plan to repay its investors.
President Yahya Jammeh of The Gambia is using violence to silence critics in the lead-up to presidential election in December and pressure is needed to stop it, Human Rights Watch (HRW) says.
Flooding is affecting many parts of Scotland after the country was battered by strong winds and heavy rain brought in by Storm Desmond.
Swansea's Singleton Hospital says it is accepting "most" expectant women in labour again after pressures on its neonatal services eased.
Glenn Murray scored the first two goals of his second spell at Brighton & Hove Albion as they beat Nottingham Forest to claim a first league win of 2016-17.
Luke Procter's watchful century for Lancashire left Durham a final-day victory target of 247 at Southport.
US first lady Michelle Obama has denounced Republican Donald Trump and passionately backed Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
A suicide attack on a minibus in Kabul has killed at least 14 people and injured several more, Afghan authorities say.
Down manager Eamonn Burns believes his side are capable of causing another shock by beating holders Tyrone in Sunday's Ulster Football Final.
A Briton fighting in Syria "turned the gun on himself" to avoid being taken prisoner by so-called Islamic State, Kurdish sources have told the BBC.
England captain Eoin Morgan says his side will show no let-up when they meet Australia in the Champions Trophy at Edgbaston on Saturday.
Warren Gatland insists Jamie Roberts' expected move to Harlequins will not preclude him from Wales selection.
(Close): London's top share index closed down 1.2% as mining and supermarket shares fell.
The Indian capital, Delhi, is in the grip of the worst outbreak of dengue fever in five years, officials say.
Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty was written with a deliberate lack of clarity - it does not say whether it can be revoked once it has been triggered.
A 15-year-old Indian athlete has died and three others are in hospital after allegedly consuming poisonous fruit in what is suspected to be a suicide pact.
Defender Victoria Williams says Sunderland Ladies will "not go down without a fight" after reaching the last four of the Women's FA Cup.
Rohan Dennis rode the fastest individual time trial in Tour de France history to claim victory at the opening stage of this year's race in Utrecht.
Chancellor George Osborne has said he wants to reform planning laws to make it easier for villages in England to build new starter homes.
A primary school dinner lady who attended a march co-organised by former English Defence League (EDL) leader Tommy Robinson has been suspended.
If your home was destroyed by a fire that was not your fault and you did not have buildings insurance, could you recoup the cost of rebuilding it?
British BMX rider Tre Whyte aims to "prove" he deserves the chance to compete in the World Championships this weekend.
Work has begun to demolish and rebuild a railway station 50 years after it was axed in the Dr Beeching cuts.
The US has apologised to Iran after 10 American sailors were arrested for entering Iranian waters, the commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guards naval forces has said.
Ronnie O'Sullivan must match Stephen Hendry's World Championship title haul to be considered snooker's greatest player, according to reigning world champion Stuart Bingham.
A man is critically ill in hospital after being stabbed by four men in a street attack in Glasgow.
Eight Bronze Age boats discovered in a deep Cambridgeshire quarry are much older than it was first thought, carbon-dating research has revealed.
Salford Red Devils have lost some of their identity after their move to the AJ Bell Stadium, says former head coach Iestyn Harris.
Jamie Allen scored at the beginning of each half as Southport defeated Maidstone in the National League.
England eased to a 79-run win over the United Arab Emirates in their only warm-up game before the Twenty20 series against Pakistan.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao was denied the chance to re-join Atletico Madrid on transfer deadline day.
Doncaster Rovers have signed Accrington Stanley goalkeeper Ross Etheridge on a two-year deal starting on 1 July.
Scientists in America have used a high-speed video to find out how snot, or mucus, travels and separates after it leaves our mouths during a sneeze.
A blue plaque honouring a cricketer whose name inspired author PG Wodehouse's butler Jeeves has been unveiled.
Romanian Olympic weightlifting bronze medallist Gabriel Sincraian has tested positive for the banned substance testosterone.
Japan's Nikkei index registered its biggest weekly gain since October, while Asian shares were mostly higher as worries over Greece and China eased.
The UN Security Council has adopted a resolution calling for the repatriation of peacekeeping units whose soldiers face allegations of sexual abuse.
(Close): US markets closed higher, with energy stocks lifted by rising oil prices.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of vigilante assaults and blackmail of men alleged to have tried to meet with underage girls, police said.
Rwanda's High Court has sentenced a pastor to life in prison for his role in the 1994 genocide.
Campaigners have welcomed Mauritania's new anti-slavery law which makes the offence a "crime against humanity".
There are times when it is best to keep things simple, and that's just what Les Monaghan has done for The Desire Project.
A new study of Scotland's attitudes to alcohol has suggested people are slightly more in favour of introducing minimum unit pricing than against.
Homeowners are making a "costly mistake" by turning a blind eye to additional fees when they remortgage, it has been claimed.
Three new crew members have arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) after launching from Kazakhstan.
A Paris cafe where five people were killed during the terror attacks last month reopened its doors on Friday - the first of the targets to do so.
Experts on traditional thatched roofs are to gather for a one-day conference at Culloden Battlefield visitor centre later this year.
Fossils of what may be the earliest four-legged backboned animals to walk on land have been discovered in Scotland.
Britain's Amir Khan has missed out on a fight against Manny Pacquiao, with the Philippine great choosing a third match with American Timothy Bradley instead.
Five men from Aberdeen are to stand trial accused of trying to incite violence prior to a football match in Dundee.
Thieves have stolen money from a cash machine in Perth after smashing their way into a supermarket.
Ajax winger Viktor Fischer will join Middlesbrough for around £3.8m at the start of the international transfer window next month, BBC Tees reports.
When asked to name the greatest Brazilian footballer of all time, most people will offer up the name of Pele, whose unique status gave him a starring role at the closing ceremony of the London Olympics.
The Belfast Giants' unbeaten run of 10 games came to an end on Wednesday night with a 2-1 Elite League defeat by Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena.
A mother jailed for life for murdering her toddler son in Fife has had her appeal against conviction rejected.
The Seventh International Kite Festival has taken place in Chengdu, a city in the southwest of China.
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has said that she is undergoing tests for a kidney transplant.
Lord Smith of Kelvin will chair the UK Green Investment Bank (GIB), Business Secretary Vince Cable has announced.
Scotland's new tax agency has collected £572m in its first year - well above the amount that had been expected.
Sir Edwin Landseer's iconic Monarch of the Glen has been saved for the nation.
Zandra Johnson is living proof that it is never too late to start your own business.
Danniella Westbrook, who is best known for her role in EastEnders, has confirmed she is homeless, living in "sheltered housing".
Ex-England footballer Adam Johnson is to appeal against his conviction of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
Castleford Tigers coach Daryl Powell believes he has the squad in place to compete for silverware this season.
A five-mile (8km) section of the Mississippi River near St Louis, Missouri, has been closed to vessels as rising water levels caused "hazardous conditions", the US Coast Guard said.
Armagh are set to replay their All-Ireland qualifier Round 1A game after Laois were found to have used too many substitutes in their victory over the Orchard County on Saturday.
Midfielder Brad Potts has joined Championship side Barnsley from Blackpool for an undisclosed fee.
South Africa's scandal-hit President Jacob Zuma has abandoned a May Day rally after he was booed by workers demanding his resignation.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has said flood victims in the area should receive a share of UK government money to help those hit by severe weather.
A North Wales Police officer has admitted trying to arrange a child sex offence over the internet.
The organisation representing British doctors has written to NHS bosses to call for a delay in the launch of a new non-emergency telephone advice line.
Science Minister David Willetts has said the research-teaching balance has "gone wrong" in universities, after defending cuts to science research.
Labour's environment spokeswoman says she will approach her new job with an "open mind" despite her strong views on meat consumption and farming.
Before his apparent death at the hands of the US military in a probable drone strike, Adam Gadahn had risen to be one of the US government's most wanted men as he became a high profile al-Qaeda propagandist.
A clergyman may have to wait until next year to find out whether a decision to remove his right to officiate after he married another man was discriminatory.
As you climb up the winding reddish-coloured gravel road to Ruhiira - past endless dense plantations of matoke bananas - it can feel at first sight as if it is a world largely unchanged from when I was first working in Uganda close to 50 years ago.
Sir Alex Ferguson and Annie Lennox are among the famous names chosen in a poll to feature in a new Hall of Heroes tourist attraction in Aberdeen.
Brendan Rodgers was full of praise for St Mirren after Celtic were forced to rally from a goal down to make the last four of the Scottish Cup.
Two X Factor New Zealand judges, who were sacked for making abusive comments to a contestant, have apologised.
Worcestershire youngster Tom Kohler-Cadmore made his maiden first-class century at New Road as Middlesex were beaten by an innings and 128 runs.
A Conservative MP who is attempting to oust Speaker John Bercow says he should quit or face a vote of no confidence.
Nicola Sturgeon has dismissed talk of a snap election at Holyrood to break the deadlock over a second independence referendum.
The ruling AK Party in Turkey has picked Binali Yildirim as candidate for leader, a fortnight after a reported dispute with the president prompted the prime minister to quit.
Europe's top human rights watchdog, the Council of Europe, has launched an investigation into alleged corruption at the council involving Azerbaijan.
A big debate takes place on Sunday night in America between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, the two people trying to become the next US president.
Two Turkish journalists face life in prison over a story alleging that the Turkish government was arming Islamist militants in Syria.
A mass vaccination programme against meningitis A in Africa has been a "stunning success", say experts.
Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond said comments by Sweden's foreign minister on Scottish independence were "very foolish".
A 79-year-old man has died after being hit by a lorry.
A pilot who died along with his family when the plane he was flying crashed was "poor under pressure", his instructors have told investigators.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract with the League One club.
Pop star Rihanna has unveiled tracks from her forthcoming album, Loud, at a club in London.
Politicians, public bodies and the business community have been reacting to the news that Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has resigned in protest at the handling of a botched heating scheme that is likely to cost the taxpayer £490m.
Police in Scotland and England are searching for a convicted armed robber who has been missing from prison for nearly two weeks.
Two men have been convicted of killing a stranger by throwing him over a bridge into a canal.
Last year's finalist Shaun Murphy suffered a shock 10-8 first-round loss to qualifier Anthony McGill at the World Championship in Sheffield.
Alphabet- Google's parent company- has surpassed Apple as the world's most valuable company after its latest earnings report.
On 22 January, recordings of particulate air pollution were higher in London than in Beijing.
Sligo's Showgrounds is emerging as the most likely venue to stage Derry City's Europa League games next summer.
Brendan Rodgers has urged Leigh Griffiths to work harder if he is to force his way back into Celtic's team.
New Togo coach Tom Saintfiet has removed captain Emmanuel Adebayor from the squad to face Ghana in an international friendly on Monday.
The Duqu computer infection was spread with the help of an infected Microsoft Word document, according to a report.
Young men working in the communications industry are the most likely to miss the looming tax return deadline, HM Revenue and Customs figures suggest.
Pope Francis has said he did not chew coca during his recent trip to Bolivia.
A struggling children's services department is to be taken over by a government-appointed trust.
A village in Ceredigion could soon have a new railway station if the Welsh Government is successful in its funding application.
The outlook for the UK financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, the policy chief for the City of London Corporation has said.
Ebola - or Ebola haemorrhagic fever (EHF) - is a really deadly virus: 50% to 90% of people who catch it die.
Soon it may not just be smiley faces, big cats and a thumbs-up that you can send your friends on Facebook messenger.
Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman drafted an arrest warrant for President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, according to the woman investigating Mr Nisman's mysterious death.
Paul Paton has signed a two-year deal with St Johnstone after leaving Dundee United by "mutual agreement".
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have flown by seaplane to Vancouver on the latest leg of an eight-day Canada tour.
Plans to preserve a Dumfries house which inspired JM Barrie to write Peter Pan have been given a major financial boost.
Car parking charges made Welsh councils a combined profit of £13.8m in 2015/16, figures from the RAC Foundation show.
Many Middle Eastern leaders have congratulated Donald Trump on his unexpected victory in the US presidential election.
A drug dealer caught with £870 worth of ecstasy at T in the Park will have his appeal against the length of his prison term heard at the High Court.
Pry-mark or Pree-mark?
Shot-putter Deepa Malik has created sporting history after becoming the first Indian woman to win a Paralympics medal.
Five Scottish universities have climbed up a respected table of the world's top higher education institutions.
Laser attacks at Glasgow Airport doubled in a year, making it the second most targeted airport after Heathrow, according to latest figures.
Danny Alexander has claimed he heard a senior Tory tell a Lib Dem colleague: "You take care of the workers and we'll take care of the bosses."
More urgency is needed to tackle poverty in Wales, a Labour assembly member has said.
Sierra Leone suffered a 1-0 defeat away to Chad in the first leg of their 2018 World Cup preliminary round qualifier on Saturday.
Hundreds of discarded laughing gas cylinders in Salford are being turned into public art to "highlight the dangers" of young people inhaling it.
Research and development (R&D) costs and illegal activities have been added into Ireland's GDP for the first time, enlarging the economy by 10bn euros ($13.6bn; Â£7.9bn).
As Stephen Harper banged out the final piano chords to the Beatles song Hey Jude at a private dinner for Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem last year, he underscored, albeit somewhat bizarrely, his absolute commitment to the Israeli leader.
A zoo that inspired a Hollywood film has become a charity, its boss says.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell has been buoyed by finishing fifth at the Honda Classic in Florida.
Oil giant BP has agreed to sell its 50% stake in TNK-BP to Russia's Rosneft in return for cash and shares.
Watford are still without Nordin Amrabat and Christian Kabasele, who are sidelined with ankle and knee problems respectively.
Britain's number two Heather Watson fought back against American Nicole Gibbs at the French Open before play was suspended because of rain.
Funding for the demolition of a shopping mall owned by a council has been approved at a cost of £40,000.
Adam Lyth's third century in a Roses Match helped earn Yorkshire a 150-run first-innings lead against Lancashire.
Right Said Fred have been credited as writers on Taylor Swift's new single in one of the most bizarre musical combinations of the year.
A change in housing benefit rules, introduced in April 2013, has been dubbed the "bedroom tax" by Labour and, for many, the name has stuck.
Fifteen people have been charged after campaigners against airport expansion staged a protest near Heathrow Airport.
PDC world champion Gary Anderson will start the defence of his title against Denmark's Per Laursen or Andy Boulton.
The Scottish government has welcomed plans to pilot a "quick-to-market" route for vehicles hit by delays at the Channel Tunnel.
Medics carrying out a vaccination programme in rebel-held northern Syria accidentally administered a muscle relaxant to up to 75 children, killing 15 of them, the opposition says.
Researchers have released the biggest images yet detailing dark matter, the mysterious substance that makes up 85% of the Universe's mass.
YouGov has released the first big poll of how different groups voted at the general election - we will update this article as more figures are released.
Students at Aberystwyth University have climbed on the roof of a Welsh language hall of residence to protest its proposed closure.
Shorter holes and marshals helping to find lost balls in the amateur ranks could help to speed up golf, says the sport's governing body.
Eight people who chased a vulnerable man until he threw himself out of a flat window in Glasgow have been called a "a pack of animals" by a judge.
Former Scotland forward James McFadden hopes to make a short-term impact with Motherwell before completing a move to Philadelphia Union in January.
The children's laureate and eight well-known children's authors are calling on the education secretary to ensure school libraries are preserved.
The ex-partner of a mother who jumped to her death from a Dartmoor tor with her five-year-old son has been spared jail after admitting threatening a subsequent girlfriend with a knife.
A judge has ruled that a child sex doll imported by a former primary school governor is an obscene item.
A police officer has a case to answer for misconduct after a six-month-old girl was killed by a dangerous dog, an investigation has found.
A set of 10 stamps is being issued to mark the 150th anniversary of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland.
Police have released a CCTV image of a woman who they want to speak to in connection with a guide dog that was attacked by two other dogs.
India's central bank will have to destroy, by one estimate, some 20 billion "expired" banknotes after it scrapped two high-value denominations - the 500 ($7.60) and 1,000 rupee notes - this month to crack down on "black money" or illegal cash holdings.
There are weather warnings for winds of up to 80mph and heavy rain on Friday.
Skyfall director Sam Mendes is to direct the 24th James Bond film, due for release in 2015, it has been announced.
A woman in her 50s and a man in his 80s have been stabbed to death at a sheltered housing unit in north-east London.
The original Kermit the Frog has been donated to the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History in Washington.
Anthony Joshua is adamant fame and fortune will not spoil him as he prepares to defend his IBF heavyweight title against Eric Molina on Saturday.
A second woman has been appointed a bishop by the Church of England.
A Port of London Authority (PLA) river pilot has been killed in an accident while boarding a ship.
Durham produced a dominant 19-run win to reach the 2016 T20 Blast Finals Day by knocking out South Group winners Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has released a video it says shows two men who murdered a priest in France, pledging allegiance to the group.
Scotland Yard is investigating whether a man stopped by police outside the Houses of Parliament was draped in an Islamic State (IS) flag.
The price of semi-detached homes rose at the fastest rate of any property type in England and Wales in the year to the end of April, data shows.
Funding of £100,000 has been approved for a project to turn Inverness Castle's North Tower and its look-out into a new tourist attraction.
A number of building projects planned for Hull's year as UK City of Culture in 2017 have been approved by the council.
Dame Vera Lynn has been recognised for services to entertainment and charity in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Turkey's president says a full withdrawal of its forces from divided Cyprus is "out of the question" unless Greece also agrees to pull out troops.
The first direct flight service between Edinburgh and Chicago has been launched by United Airlines.
A Coventry nursing home has been rated as "inadequate" after inspectors found it did not have enough staff.
The National Trust could take back responsibility for a 17th Century estate to save a council hundreds of thousands of pounds a year.
The body of a 22-year-old man believed to have fallen into the River Teifi has been found, police have confirmed.
Eddie Jones says he sympathises with Richard Cockerill and is open to the possibility of the sacked Leicester boss joining England's coaching set-up.
Craig Brown believes Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes is "better than Sunderland" and it would take "an exceptional club" to tempt him away.
The Dutch government has announced that it will ban the use of the mild narcotic khat.
Shannon McDonnell's hat-trick helped St Helens round off the regular Super League season with a routine home win over Wakefield at Langtree Park.
Cardiff City have signed former Manchester City and Swansea goalkeeper Brian Murphy on a free transfer.
Former Charlton and Estonia Women's boss Keith Boanas has been appointed as the new head coach of Watford Ladies.
Supporters of Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff have set up burning barricades and blocked roads across the country in protest against moves to impeach her.
It looks like as wide-open a staging of jump racing's King George VI Chase as there has been for a bit, one of those occasions when you could go into the pub, tip one of five or six and not look ridiculous.
Opponents of a planned £100m hydro-electric scheme at a disused Snowdonia quarry have urged the Ministry of Defence to first clean the site.
A man has been charged with manslaughter over a fatal attack on a 49-year-old man on the Isle of Wight.
Senegal has seized a Russian vessel after accusing its sailors of fishing illegally in its waters.
South Korea's government has unveiled new stimulus measures following a raft of disappointing economic data for the export-dependent nation.
Four more men have been arrested in connection with disorder at the end of May's Scottish Cup Final.
Early on Tuesday, a group of young men - and a few young women - left the Dnipro Hotel in the centre of Kiev and marched through a cordon of heavily armed riot police.
A Scottish park has been recognised with a top UK award.
Controversial plans for a development of 130 homes in Meliden, Denbighshire, look set to get the go-ahead despite objections.
Forget any images of creative writing groups on metal chairs in draughty community centres, the business of learning to write has developed into something much more lavish.
Former US football star and actor OJ Simpson has told a parole board "I've done my time," as he asked for release after nine years in a Nevada prison.
There is an "impending shortage" of housing for asylum seekers in the UK, the home affairs committee has warned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen damaged a medial knee ligament during Saturday's 3-1 win at Crystal Palace.
Fierce battles are taking place at some northern Syrian airports, as rebels try to neutralise the government's overwhelming air advantage.
A footballer who has become known for "great gestures" has now seemingly paid off his mother's debts.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova was beaten in the second round by American Madison Brengle.
A hereditary peer has told the BBC his 21-year-old son killed himself days after being turned away from hospital because of a lack of beds.
A plan for England to play a friendly in Thailand to win backing for their 2018 World Cup bid was "a form of bribery", investigators were told.
Irish police officers should be issued with stun guns, according to the Garda Representative Association (GRA), which represents rank and file officers.
It's a breakthrough all right but a breakthrough to what?
Former French Budget Minister Jerome Cahuzac has been placed under formal investigation over alleged tax fraud, his lawyer has said.
West Yorkshire's Chief Constable has apologised for any upset caused by a statement he issued about his role in the Hillsborough tragedy.
Home Secretary Theresa May will chair a Cobra meeting later to discuss the UK government's response to the attacks in Paris.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Peterborough United forward Shaquile Coulthirst on loan until the end of the season.
Two people have died after two separate university shootings in Texas and Arizona, just hours apart.
A number of colourful snow dog sculptures have been damaged after being unleashed across Tyne and Wear.
A senior researcher has accused the UK government of using "fake science" to justify its policy of culling badgers to control cattle TB.
It is vanishingly rare for the Treasury Select Committee to not, even if sometimes reluctantly, back an appointment by the Bank of England of a deputy governor and a new member of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC).
A 13-year-old boy who fell into a Greater Manchester canal in a "tragic accident" has died, police said.
A mistrial has been declared for the second time in the case of a white police officer who shot dead an unarmed black motorist in Ohio two years ago.
Exeter secured a record seventh straight bonus-point win in the Premiership, running in six tries to ease past Northampton and move level on points with leaders Wasps.
A "world class" enclosure for endangered gibbons has been unveiled at a zoo in Leicestershire.
A jury at the Old Bailey has found the former police firearms officer who shot Azelle Rodney not guilty of murder.
A fire on the top floor of the five-star Ritz hotel in Paris has been brought under control.
People were rehoused for the night and roads remain closed after a 60m crane overbalanced in a town centre.
Reality Check has been answering your questions throughout the referendum campaign - here are some of the issues that listeners to Radio 4's PM programme raised.
India's government is trying to spend its way out of the trouble caused by last year's decision to ban high value notes in a crackdown on corruption, writes columnist Vivek Kaul.
Tour de France winner Chris Froome says athletes must "take responsibility" and not "push the boundaries of the rules" following criticism of the therapeutic use exemption system.
After nine months, 380 games and more than 1,000 goals, another Premier League season grinds to a halt on Sunday.
Plans to turn the former Littlewoods Pools building in Liverpool into a £25m film and TV studio have been announced.
World number two Andy Murray is through to the final of the Erste Bank Open in Vienna after Spain's David Ferrer pulled out with a leg injury.
The iconic name Brontosaurus, once used to describe a family of huge dinosaurs, has been resurrected after being killed off more than a century ago.
Ayr United continued their 24-year unbeaten home record against rivals Kilmarnock with a 1-0 win in their League Cup Group E opener.
Bydd blas o ddiwylliant Gwlad y Basg yn dod i'r canolbarth yn ystod yr wythnos nesa, wrth i ŵyl arbennig gael ei chynnal.
The US is looking to the United Nations for help in dealing with thousands of migrants fleeing to the US to escape violence in Central America.
Shocked motorists were forced to swerve as an elderly motorist drove more than five miles the wrong way around the M60 motorway, before crashing.
An Isle of Man landmark will be bathed in purple light as part of a campaign to eradicate polio.
Entertainer, producer and reality television star David Gest has died in a London hotel aged 62, a statement from his friend says.
An Australian man, 88, has had his Porsche impounded after being charged with reckless driving, police say.
Everton have signed Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku, Wigan midfielder James McCarthy and Manchester City's England international midfielder Gareth Barry.
The US government says it has released six Guantanamo Bay detainees and sent them to Uruguay for resettlement.
Plans to close three schools in Gwynedd will go out to consultation.
Three people have been charged by police over a hate crime attack on a loyalist protest camp in north Belfast.
Jeremy Corbyn's election as Labour leader has received a mixed reaction from business, including a cautious welcome for his plan on infrastructure.
Harry Angel won the prestigious July Cup in brilliant style over six furlongs at Newmarket.
World number 202 Sung Kang of Korea produced a superb round of 63 to take a commanding six-stroke lead after two rounds of the Houston Open.
Europe has put up another two spacecraft in its Galileo sat-nav system.
Asian shares headed higher on Thursday as rising oil prices boosted energy and mining shares in the region.
Two serving soldiers who threw sandbags from George IV Bridge in Edinburgh onto a street below have each been fined £2,400.
Wales' Jazz Carlin needs to believe in herself if she is to succeed in Rio this summer, says former Olympic silver medallist Sharron Davies.
Sussex paid tribute to their former fast bowler Matthew Hobden before their opening home County Championship game of the season against Essex at Hove.
A firefighter who owned the house in which five people died in an arson attack has been summonsed to appear in court in connection with manslaughter through gross negligence.
A man who launched a brutal stabbing attack in which his ex-girlfriend was seriously injured has admitted murder.
The number of acid attacks in London has risen sharply in the past four years, according to new figures.
Police say they want to help bring "closure" to the family of a missing Aberdeenshire man, one year after his disappearance.
Cheltenham Town winger Adam Page has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
The Women's Super League could be expanded to 24 teams in the future, according to the FA's head of women's competitions, Katie Brazier.
Donald Trump has signed a raft of measures on immigration but one subject the president and his staff have avoided so far is their promise to tackle undocumented migrants who entered the US as children.
A driver who careered between lanes of the M25 at up to 90 miles an hour while being pursued by police has admitted dangerous driving.
A "depraved" care worker who sexually assaulted elderly patients and sent footage of the attacks to her boyfriend has been jailed for 10 years.
Vanuatu - a string of more than 80 islands once known as the New Hebrides - achieved independence from France and Britain in 1980.
League Two side Notts County have signed Alex Rodman following the winger's departure from Newport County.
Previously unseen photographs of East Anglian airfields when they were used by US forces in World War Two have been unearthed.
Arts companies face cuts of up to 3.5% to the public money they will receive from April, the Arts Council of Wales (ACW) has announced.
The temporary chief constable of Staffordshire Police, Jane Sawyers, will not face misconduct charges over the fatal shooting of an alleged drug dealer, the force's commissioner has said.
Edinburgh Zoo's beekeeper-in-residence wants to use his role to get young people interested in bees and honey.
BBC Sport NI understands that an independent appeals panel has overturned the charges of gross misconduct against the former chief executive of Sport NI.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Northern Ireland fell by 1,000 in August to 42,000.
One of the wonders of England's 3-1 Ashes triumph this summer is that it emerged from such carnage: that ghastly 5-0 Pomnishambles in the preceding series 18 months ago, the second whitewash Australia had inflicted in three Ashes series down under.
Arsenal striker Jodie Taylor has been named in England's 23-woman squad to play the Netherlands on 29 November.
A number of early episodes of Doctor Who, which were believed to have been permanently lost, have been returned to the BBC.
A police officer who admitted making 1,400 indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 months.
World Cup winner Jonny Wilkinson has backed Owen Farrell to overtake his England points record.
Every year the exam results bring disappointment as well as joy.
Traffic jams that waste time and money are a curse of modern life.
A £2bn waste treatment scheme has been shut down by a county council to save £8.5m per year.
The widow of a former senior leader in the Islamic State (IS) group has been charged with conspiracy in the death of a US hostage, US authorities said.
Jeetan Patel took a career-best 7-38 after hitting 98 as Warwickshire fought back against Somerset.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he believes Northern Ireland should be treated as a special case when it comes to the issue of welfare reform.
Nigeria's president has said he is prepared to negotiate with Boko Haram militants to secure the release of about 200 schoolgirls.
The oldest Africa Cup of Nations player Essam El Hadary is Egypt's only fit goalkeeper in Gabon after injuries to Ahmed El Shenawy and Sherif Ekramy.
There has been intense debate in China over a controversial ban on single women freezing their eggs.
The Hatton Garden raiders were dubbed "Dad's Army" on account of their advanced age and many had extensive criminal records going back decades.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said Greeks made a "brave choice" in voting to reject the terms of an international bailout in Sunday's referendum.
India's foreign ministry says it is looking into an alleged attack on a Nigerian student by a local man in the southern city of Hyderabad.
A £5,000 reward has been offered for information after a young woman was raped in Aberdeen earlier this year.
Huddersfield right-back Martin Cranie has signed a new contract to stay with the Championship club until 2018.
A palace built by Saddam Hussein which was being used as a training centre for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been bombed by UK and coalition forces.
The German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, has described the migrant crisis as a "historic test" for Europe.
France's new President, Emmanuel Macron, has picked his new government with a centre-right prime minister and a cabinet made up of 11 women and 11 men.
This week's referendum has been billed as a historic moment; a cross on the paper sketching out the country's future identity and its place in the world.
Al Ahly of Egypt and Wydad Casablanca of Morocco secured their place in the African Champions League quarter-finals on Saturday as North African clubs prevailed in the final Group D matches.
Asia Business Correspondent Karishma Vaswani is in Dalian, China, where the World Economic Forum is taking place later this week.
Goals from Jack Marriott and Jake Gray earned 10-man Luton a 2-1 comeback win at Crewe.
Electrically stimulating the brain can help to speed up the process of learning, scientists have shown.
About one-third of workers in Clackmannanshire and Dumfries and Galloway will benefit from the national living wage, according to research.
Spotlight is the bookies' favourite to take best film at this year's Oscars, over Leonardo Di Caprio's western The Revenant.
Olympic silver medallist rower Chris Bartley has announced his retirement.
One of the world's biggest and most successful clubs, Barcelona, is launching a football academy in Lagos, Nigeria's commercial hub.
Shares in mainland China continued their slide on Tuesday, following a massive sell-off the previous day.
Large scale mussel farming could deter rare birds feeding on a "tranquil" river estuary with protected status, wildlife groups have warned.
It is easy to be cynical about companies who do business with the public sector warning of dire consequences if their income is not increased.
Britain's nuclear-armed submarines would be "more than welcome" in Wales if they left Scotland, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
Barnet have appointed former interim manager and assistant first team coach Rossi Eames as their new head coach.
An American who says he was jailed in Dubai for several months without even knowing the charges against him is seeking a royal pardon from the city's ruler.
Model railway enthusiasts and volunteers are being sought for an ambitious plan to lay a model railway track along Scotland's Great Glen.
Events are to be held to mark the 300th anniversary of the construction of what is thought to be the oldest bridge in the Highlands.
Lionel Messi has been banned for four international matches - just five and a half hours before Argentina's World Cup qualifier against Bolivia kicks off.
England batsman Joe Root said cricket is becoming like boxing as he dismissed Pakistan bowler Wahab Riaz's "trash talk".
Pinewood film studios - home to the James Bond movies - are set to be sold for £323.3m.
A 16-year-old girl was allegedly gang raped and thrown from a train in the northern state of Bihar, police say.
Whether the government, the private sector or NGOs should deliver development is a question which will not have much relevance unless India's wealth continues to grow to pay for that development.
Leighton Andrews would not repeat a jibe about a "cheap date" if he had another opportunity, the first minister has said.
The Russian defence ministry has grounded its fleet of Mi-28 attack helicopters after a fatal accident at an air show on Sunday.
The BBC is to make 24 live HD Olympic streams available to cable and satellite providers.
The prosecution of a second UK skipper in a week for breaching Manx fishing regulations sends a "clear message to the industry," a politician has said.
An elderly lion who was attacked by lionesses at a Merseyside safari park has died as a result of his injuries.
NHS Highland has forecast a potential £15.6m overspend based on the first three months of the financial year, but said it expects to break even.
Planning permission in principle is being sought to redevelop the site of a former Borders textile mill.
It was Great Britain's most over-performing sport at both the Rio Olympics and Paralympics.
Rio 2016 officially gets under way with the opening ceremony on Friday - but did you know football kicks off the action two days earlier?
A 32-tonne tipper truck was too wide to be driven on the steep road where it crashed and killed four people, a court has heard.
A plastic rocking horse, a dining chair, a child's scooter and a football were found to be blocking a sewer pipe in the Highlands.
An ex-aide to retired Chinese president Hu Jintao has been jailed for life for corruption, illegally obtaining state secrets and abuse of power.
There's money to be made from other people's mistakes: $110m (Â£85m) of it, to be precise.
A vet who killed herself left a note to the coroner saying a conclusion of "murder by Inland Revenue" would be more appropriate than suicide, an inquest has heard.
A report into a helicopter crash off Shetland in which four people died has said flight instruments were "not monitored effectively" by pilots in the moments leading up to the incident.
Scotland lock Richie Gray says younger brother Jonny is an "inspiration" rather than a sibling rival in their burgeoning second-row partnership.
This week's international fixtures took place during the month of Ramadan, when Muslims worldwide observe a month of fasting.
Defending Open champion Henrik Stenson's rental home was burgled as he played his first round at Royal Birkdale on Thursday.
A man who died after two others were pulled from the sea off East Sussex has been identified as a 19-year-old Brazilian national.
Having lots of technology in the classroom doesn't improve how well pupils do at school, researchers say.
An eight-year-old boy in America has become the youngest person to get a double hand transplant.
A football team has found a novel way of keeping a clean sheet - as the goalposts on their council-run pitch were installed the wrong way round.
The last major strike over pay and conditions by junior doctors was over 40 years ago in 1975.
After a lengthy inquiry into a wave of suicides at France Telecom, the Paris prosecutor has recommended that its former chief executive and other key figures are put on trial for bullying.
Scientists are working on techniques that would allow them to routinely monitor the health of corals worldwide from orbit.
A German woman accused of being part of neo-Nazi cell that murdered 10 people has denied involvement in the killings.
A judge has dismissed an an appeal by a County Tyrone hotel that it did not breach licensing laws.
Charlton Athletic goalkeeper Nick Pope has signed a new long-term contract with the Championship club.
A woman charged with beating her son to death in a church has said she "felt helpless" to prevent the violence committed by other church members.
A scheme allowing motorists to drive on the hard shoulder of the M6 is "dangerous," motoring groups have said.
A man has appeared in court accused of trying to kill a pharmacist during an alleged robbery in west Belfast.
Former tennis star Bob Hewitt has been granted bail by a South African court, after receiving a six-year prison sentence for raping underage girls.
Liverpool is planning a bid to host the 2026 Commonwealth Games, the city's mayor has said.
Facebook has added an Ebola button to users' profile pages to help people donate to charities fighting the disease.
Almost two years ago a robot called Philae became a household name after it succeeded in making a difficult - and bouncy - landing on a moving comet.
Taking fish oil while pregnant does not improve the brain development of babies, new research has found.
Andrew Gale and Tim Bresnan hit half-centuries for Yorkshire at Headingley to deepen Sussex's relegation fears.
Robin Swann has announced he has put his name forward for the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) leadership contest following Mike Nesbitt's resignation.
A girl dragged off a dock in Canada by a sea lion is being treated with antibiotics because of the risk of a dangerous infection.
Al-Jazeera journalist Peter Greste says he is relieved to be free but feels "incredible angst" at leaving behind two of his colleagues in jail in Egypt.
Cars and mopeds are expected to be lifted from the River Avon in Bath during the first dredging operation for 20 years.
A march has taken place backing three striking cleaners who say their wages and employment benefits have been cut.
New peer Michelle Mone has told the House of Lords that she was inspired as a child by the lyrics of a "late, great Whitney Houston" song.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a prison officer in a bomb attack in Belfast last week.
Counting has begun as polls for the local elections in Surrey closed, with all 81 seats on the county council up for grabs.
UK unemployment fell by 64,000 to 1.49 million in the three months to May, official figures show.
A decade ago, the Colombian region of Putumayo was the main production centre for coca, the raw material for cocaine.
In France, many reached for the phrase recognised by all - 9/11.
Fugitive former South Sudanese vice-president Riek Machar has denied government allegations that he tried to stage a coup at the weekend.
Union officials are in talks with SSI's Redcar plant executives after the firm announced the loss of 1,700 jobs.
Snap shares plunged 14% on Thursday after the social media firm reported more than $400m (Â£310m) in quarterly losses and fewer than expected users.
London Irish have signed Ospreys centre Jonathan Spratt and Edinburgh Rugby scrum-half Ross Samson.
Busted have announced a reunion tour for 2016, 11 years after Charlie Simpson left and the band imploded.
It was needing to have her large intestine removed that inspired Nicola Dames to start her own underwear business.
An Australian TV presenter has sold a suit he wore every day for a year for A$6500 (£3,500).
BBC Radio Derby presenter Colin Bloomfield has died aged 33.
Searches are continuing for the bodies of two men who died in an explosion at a Cardiff steelworks on Wednesday.
Tony Abbott was already a polarising figure when he became prime minister of Australia in 2013.
The Archbishop of Wales and the new Children's Commissioner have led calls for AMs to be given a free vote on a ban on smacking children.
Grosvenor retained the Schools' Cup by beating St Columb's 3-1 after extra-time in the final at Seaview.
Simon Cowell has told Newsbeat that Lily Allen should "smile more" after she accused the X Factor of "industry corruption".
With the death toll rising and the disease still spreading, the race is on to find a treatment for Ebola.
Four cannabis farms have been found in flats at a tower block in Liverpool.
An MI5 agent pretending to have Gestapo links secretly controlled a vast network of UK-based Nazi sympathisers, newly-released files reveal.
This year's Oscar nominations are due out later, with La La Land likely to land as the clear frontrunner.
Four men have been arrested in Newtownards, County Down, in connection with a fake banknotes investigation.
Deportivo La Coruna have made an offer to re-sign Arsenal striker Lucas Perez, says the Spaniard's agent.
Sir James Dyson has said UK business success lies beyond Europe because that is where the fastest growth lies.
A Premier League footballer saved three holidaymakers after a boat crash, it has emerged.
Sigmundur Gunnlaugsson has resigned as prime minister of Iceland after leaks from Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca showed he owned an offshore company with his wife.
In the early 1960s, before the birth of smartphones, before the retreat from privacy, the US historian Daniel Boorstin wrote a groundbreaking book called The Image.
Retailer Sports Direct has admitted that it searches staff leaving its warehouses, but says it has reduced the amount of time it takes.
A former pupil at a Catholic home and school for delinquent boys told a court he could not report his alleged abuser to police because he felt "ashamed".
A Canadian activist who faced time behind bars for giving water to pigs has been found not guilty.
Luxury carmaker Ferrari reported a jump in profit in the third quarter boosted by higher sales.
Indonesian police have arrested six people they say were planning to attack Singapore.
Canada's transportation safety authority is investigating after an aeroplane had to take evasive action to avoid a near mid-air collision.
The White House says it is "confident" Bashar al-Assad's government was behind an apparent chemical attack that killed at least 58 people in north-west Syria.
Six men have appeared in court in connection with the alleged fraudulent acquisition of Rangers assets.
Mae chwaer pysgotwr fu farw oddi ar arfordir Pen Llŷn wedi apelio i bobl eraill gymryd mantais o gynllun i sicrhau bod eu cychod mewn cyflwr diogel.
Wales manager Chris Coleman believes his team will benefit from the hostility they are likely to face in Monday's friendly in Kiev.
Details of when a main road will close for repair work to a damaged fuel pipeline that leaked more than 140,000 litres of oil have been confirmed.
Independent experts appointed by the council will check schools in Edinburgh are safe to reopen in a major departure from the previous system, which saw builders approve their own work.
Every year, on the evening before New Year's Eve, thousands of people in New York City amble through the neon glow of Times Square.
The Paralympic Games are about to reach their conclusion, with the final day of action on Sunday.
Like many observers of the Rio Olympics, American sociologist Peter Kaufman was shocked by the spectacle of French pole vaulter Renaud Lavillenie being booed by local fans during and after his duel with Brazilian athlete Thiago Braz.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has led tributes to former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, who has died at the age of 82.
A kitten died after a man stubbed a joint out in its face, a court heard.
Hamilton Academical have signed Scotland Under-21 goalkeeper Ryan Fulton from Liverpool.
An Egyptian court has ordered the release on bail of one of the country's most prominent bloggers and pro-democracy activists, Alaa Abdel Fattah.
A TV advert in which a spoof rescue team saves "stricken" jars of Marmite from homes where they have been neglected has prompted 278 complaints.
Chesterfield will offer deals to Ian Evatt, Laurence Maguire, Dan Gardner and Rai Simons but have confirmed that 12 players will leave the club following relegation to League Two.
It would be overdoing it to say that Barack Obama has been dragged kicking and screaming towards involvement in defeating the so-called Islamic State (IS) - but everything about the administration's policy and body language has suggested a wariness towards the fight and a weariness to those demanding something more.
The euro has fallen to its lowest level against the US dollar in 12 years after the European Central Bank (ECB) began its government bond buying programme.
Germany's influential weekly news magazine Der Spiegel has come under fire for a cover image showing US President Donald Trump beheading the Statue of Liberty.
Nine people have been injured in a shooting outside a shopping centre in Houston in the US state of Texas, one of them critically.
Hundreds of Australians have gathered to roll on the lawns of Parliament House in Canberra, in protest against plans to build a security fence there.
Josh Hazlewood and Mitchell Starc starred as Australia took control of the day-night first Test in Brisbane.
Scrapping the mandatory coin toss in county cricket is "against the spirit of the game", says Leicestershire all-rounder Ben Raine.
A wildfire which spread onto the Wentworth golf estate has been tackled by firefighters.
An upgraded £3m lifeboat has been launched in the south west.
Police investigating the abduction of three women for about a decade in Cleveland, Ohio, are due to interview three male suspects.
England won silver in both the mixed doubles and men's doubles on the final day of action at the Commonwealth Games squash competition.
As the rain began to fall harder around Bear Creek Village on Tuesday, Leticia Lopez and her husband Edgar Fernandez huddled under an awning, pausing for a cigarette and a final look down the street in the direction of their house.
Murder inquiry detectives have named a man they want to speak to in connection with the death of a teenager who was stabbed in Essex.
Police have said 19 men were arrested for offences connected with the Celtic-Rangers football match in Glasgow.
A football chairman was banned from attending five matches and fined after being found guilty of making sexist comments about a female referee.
A coach driver has described the "dramatic" moment he helped 59 pupils and seven teachers escape a burning bus on a motorway.
Fu bron i Owain Rhys Davies daro ei gar pan glywodd ei fod wedi cael rhan yn y gyfres deledu gwlt, swreal, 'Twin Peaks'.
The Labour Party has increased its hold on West Yorkshire, winning 17 of the county's 22 seats.
Almost one in five parents in the UK is being asked to set up payments to their children's schools, as head teachers warn of budget shortages, says a survey from a teachers' union.
British traffickers are involved in smuggling migrants into the UK from northern France, a mayor has alleged.
An entire stable was lifted by a gust of wind and dumped into the front of a house in Alderney as Storm Katie lashed the Channel Islands.
A spokeswoman for Forth Ports has called the planned Grangemouth strike "unjustified".
Rory McIlroy is confident he can improve on his poor record in the Irish Open when he competes at this week's event at the K Club in County Kildare.
Studies of teeth from sheep and cattle have provided new insights into farming practices in the Iron Age through to the Late Norse periods in Scotland.
Glasgow has the lowest life expectancy of any area in the UK, official figures have suggested.
A search for two missing fishermen who disappeared when their boat capsized in the English Channel has been called off for the day.
The US has now charged some 40 individuals and entities following an investigation into corruption in football's world governing body Fifa.
Brighton have broken their transfer record to sign Dutch midfielder Davy Propper from PSV Eindhoven in a reported £6m deal.
Charl Schwartzel secured a fourth Alfred Dunhill Championship title in 11 years when he finished 15 under par in his native South Africa on Sunday.
Network Rail has been fined £800,000 for an accident which left a track worker with multiple serious injuries.
The far-right Jobbik party in Hungary has won its first ever individual constituency seat in parliament.
A man alleged to have illegally flown a camera drone over packed football stadiums and London tourist attractions has appeared in court.
Manchester United striker Danny Welbeck is considering leaving the club.
Outside Sheffield railway station the news that former Prime Minister Baroness Thatcher had died was slow to spread.
Justin Thomas' thrilling victory at the US PGA Championship brought down the curtain on a remarkable year in golf's majors.
Police funding cuts in Kent should be deferred in the wake of the Paris terror attacks, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said.
Watford's January signing Mauro Zarate is out for the season after suffering a serious knee injury against West Ham.
Lance Armstrong should not "ambush" this year's Tour de France by taking part in a charity ride, says the director-general of the World Anti-Doping Agency, David Howman.
Police in Orkney are investigating a spate of break-ins and attempted break-ins in Kirkwall.
Police are hunting thieves who targeted an Arbroath flat twice in the space of two days.
Hillary Clinton is writing a book of personal essays, including reflections on last year's US election.
A full review of the Isle of Man's legal aid system will be carried out for the first time in 14 years, the Manx government has said.
London Underground staff are to stage three 24-hour strikes and other industrial action over pay and night Tubes.
Kyle Bennett scored twice as Portsmouth thrashed Notts County in Mark Cooper's first game in charge of the Magpies.
The 2010 general election was fought under the dark shadow of a financial crisis in Greece that was infecting the eurozone - and was bound to damage the UK's economy.
The repatriation of Somali refugees from the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya fails to meet international standards for voluntary return, a Human Rights Watch report has found.
Four policemen have been suspended and a fifth transferred over the handling of a suspected new rape and murder case close to the Indian capital, Delhi.
A war surgeon has told how the Queen helped him overcome trauma by allowing him to pet her corgis, days after he returned from Syria.
Big-cat trophy hunting is regarded by many as primitive in this day and age.
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a new deal with Warwickshire which runs until the end of the 2020 season.
Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May have clashed in the Commons over government plans to expand grammar schools.
A Royal Air Force Regiment airman has been killed during an insurgent attack in the Nad-e Ali district of Helmand.
Scientists in California are testing sponges made with the key ingredient of baking soda as a way of capturing carbon emissions.
Prop Kyle McCall has become the latest Ulster player to commit his future to the province after signing a two-year extension to his current contract.
Beachgoers have been urged to stay safe on the coast this weekend following 12 sea deaths around the UK in the past week.
After the sound and fury of the Brexit Bill, the Westminster agenda seems rather more quiet in the coming week, with much of the most significant action taking place on the committee corridor.
A woman has died after a car with a baby on board crashed and overturned in Aberdeenshire.
Saudi Arabia has agreed to reopen the case of a Sri Lankan maid sentenced to death for adultery, Sri Lanka's deputy foreign minister said.
Unbeaten British heavyweight Anthony Joshua is in talks over an IBF world title fight against Charles Martin.
A woman has been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty during a charity surfing festival in Cornwall.
Steel production is set to resume next month at one of two Lanarkshire plants that were mothballed last year.
Only the Tories can challenge the SNP and prevent Scotland becoming a "one party state", David Cameron has said.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a teenager shot and killed outside a barber's shop in Leeds.
Canadian plane and train manufacturer Bombardier has said it will defer some hefty executive pay increases following a public outcry.
Senator Lindsey Graham, the Republican foreign policy hawk, has confirmed that he will run for US president in 2016.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte has revealed Jose Mourinho has phoned him ahead of Wednesday's Africa Cup of Nations semi-final against Egypt.
An Air France aeroplane narrowly missed central Africa's highest mountain in early May, French investigators say.
A senior social worker has told a hearing that a colleague involved in the case of murdered Fife toddler Liam Fee was "disorganised and chaotic".
A plan to implement a ceasefire across Syria could be in place before the new year, Turkey's foreign minister says.
A council chief and the leader of the Conservatives on Lancashire County Council (LCC) have been arrested as part of a long-running fraud investigation, the BBC understands.
The cortege route for Cilla Black's funeral in Liverpool on Thursday has been announced.
Aiden O'Brien's second-half tap-in denied Coventry their first win of the season as Millwall rescued a point.
Sleepiness and stress are perennial risks for the long distance lorry driver, and accidents are sadly too frequent.
Four men accused of being part of the Hatton Garden raid were trusted to be involved because of their "connections to the ringleaders", a court has heard.
A man who raped a woman in a Newcastle park is being sought by police.
A castle that had a multi-million pound vault built to house a surviving copy of Magna Carta has almost tripled visitor numbers.
The New Horizons probe successfully completed its fly-by of Pluto last week.
Discarded banana skins are still being found on Britain's highest mountain despite warnings from conservationists.
Eurozone banks have rushed to take out cheap three-year loans offered by the European Central Bank, borrowing 489bn euros ($643bn; Â£375bn).
Newport County have signed defender Jamie Turley on a two-year deal from National League side Eastleigh.
Bill Cosby's wife will not have to give evidence on Wednesday in a defamation case filed by seven women accusing the comedian of sexual assault.
A man has been charged with rape after a woman was attacked in a park in Manchester.
The first refugees to arrive in Wales after fleeing war-torn Syria are "happy" and "relieved to be here", according to those helping to welcome them.
BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty has been named as the ninth celebrity on this year's Strictly Come Dancing.
Odds-on favourite Midterm, ridden by Ryan Moore for trainer Sir Michael Stoute, won the Classic Trial at Sandown on Friday afternoon.
A court in Jerusalem has sentenced the former Israeli Prime Minister, Ehud Olmert, to eight months in prison for fraud and breach of trust.
Oil giant BP has reported a fall in profits due to lower oil and gas prices.
It was another dominant season on the track for Mercedes as they won the constructors' championship for the third consecutive season.
An engineering firm has announced the proposed closure of one site in Chepstow and the sale of another, putting 330 jobs at risk.
The son of Russian software entrepreneur Yevgeny Kaspersky has gone missing in Moscow and may have been kidnapped, Russian media report.
A man has been jailed after two of his friends died when his car hit a tree and flipped onto its roof.
Chelsea will begin their title defence at home to Burnley when the 2017-18 Premier League season kicks off on the weekend of 12-13 August.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) gives details of anti-doping activities in its annual reports.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Wales have been practising penalties since arriving at Euro 2016, manager Chris Coleman says.
Phil Edwards claimed a stoppage-time winner as Oxford came from behind to beat promotion-chasing Scunthorpe in League One.
Republic of Ireland striker Jonathan Walters has been ruled out of Saturday's Euro 2016 clash against Belgium because of an Achilles injury.
A new Twenty20 tournament planned by the England and Wales Cricket Board "will be a roaring success", says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
A lorry driver has appeared in court accused of doing a U-turn on the M6 toll motorway.
Two men are being hunted after trying to rob a Blaenau Gwent shop with a chair leg.
Taiwan has accused China of "extrajudicial abduction" after eight Taiwanese acquitted of fraud in Kenya were deported to mainland China.
We do not know how the electronic GPS monitoring tag was removed from the ankle of Mohammed Ahmed Mohamed, the terror suspect who went missing after changing into a burka at a London mosque last month.
Centre Manu Tuilagi returns to the England side as interim head coach Stuart Lancaster makes four changes for the Six Nations game against Wales.
The National Museum of Scotland overtook Edinburgh Castle to become the most popular visitor attraction in Scotland last year.
Aberdeen struck late in Europe again as Jonny Hayes equalised against Maribor in the Europa League third qualifying round first leg.
A group of Asian investors has submitted a bid to acquire Indonesian coal miner Asia Resource Minerals.
Livingston have decided to remain a full-time club despite being relegated to Scottish League One and have handed head coach David Hopkin a new contract.
A young man needed hospital treatment after he was stabbed in Glasgow in the early hours of Saturday.
A hen party which helped a man whose car had become stuck in mud has been called 'heroic' by the driver.
An Africa Cup of Nations referee has been banned for six months for "poor performance".
Did India conceal its first cases of the Zika virus?
The Foreign Office has said it is "concerned" about the arrest of two UK journalists and their fixer in Turkey, accused of helping a terrorist group.
Fulham's Sone Aluko hit the post with a last-gasp penalty as QPR held on to win an enthralling west London derby.
The Scottish Premiership game between Partick Thistle and St Johnstone has been postponed following a morning pitch inspection.
Crawley striker Matt Harrold has signed a new contract to stay with the League Two side until the end of next season.
Teenage full-back Ryan Sessegnon scored twice as play-off chasing Fulham stunned Championship leaders Newcastle with victory at St James' Park.
Two surfers have documented a winter they spent riding waves above the Arctic Circle in a film that is being shown in the UK.
Middlesbrough have been charged with failing to control their players in Sunday's Premier League match against Manchester City at the Riverside.
Theresa May has said she recognises the "sacrifice" made by public sector workers as Jeremy Corbyn urged her to lift the 1% cap on their wages.
Residents close to Edinburgh Airport have been warned about increased aircraft noise while the regular flight path is temporarily changed.
Several abortion clinics in Texas will remain open after the US Supreme Court decided to put strict new measures against them on hold.
Antoine Griezmann scored a last-second winner as Atletico Madrid qualified for the Champions League last 16 alongside Group D rivals Bayern Munich.
Weather records have tumbled across North America, with freezing temperatures even in the southern US.
Shaun Hutchinson headed an 85th-minute winner as Millwall grabbed the final play-off place in League One with a thrilling win at Bristol Rovers.
A racehorse owned by a syndicate from Pembrokeshire is a favourite to win at this year's Cheltenham Festival.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has dismissed as "nonsense" allegations that he has secretly accumulated a vast fortune including country estates.
An agreement has been reached with the drug manufacturer GSK to provide a meningitis B vaccine for all UK babies, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.
The UK is to deploy about 330 military personnel to Mali and West Africa to support French forces, No 10 has said.
Barnsley owner Patrick Cryne will not be involved in the club "for the foreseeable future" while he receives cancer treatment.
A leading Venezuelan opposition leader, Henrique Capriles, says he has been formally banned for 15 years from political activity.
Japanese shares finished higher on Friday, recovering some of the losses in the previous session when the market lost nearly 3%.
Air quality alerts have been issued across the capital by Mayor of London Sadiq Khan for the first time.
It was the first round of the Six Nations and, reflecting back on Scotland's defeat by England, that fact was apparent throughout.
It wasn't just Hull City and fellow relegation-sufferers Burnley and QPR who bade farewell to the Premier League on the final day of the season.
Zoella has temporarily quit the internet.
A Gwynedd farming family are to lose their home after getting into debts of over £3m.
Europe’s Sentinel radar satellites have mapped the ground movement in the Italian earthquake.
New rules have come into force in Brazil aimed at reducing the country's high number of caesarean births.
A health board has acknowledged there was "no effective communication" with the family of a 15-year-old girl who fell to her death from the Menai suspension bridge.
The US state department has condemned a Pakistani minister's offer of $100,000 (Â£61,600) for the death of the American maker of an anti-Islam film.
The NHS in England has missed its four-hour A&E waiting time for the first time this winter, figures show.
The French authorities have introduced measures to combat a sharp increase in pollution affecting Paris and other cities in northern France.
Ellie Goulding's song Love Me Like You Do has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, ending Mark Ronson's reign at the top.
Leeds United came from behind to defeat stubborn Cambridge United in a hotly contested FA Cup third-round tie.
Turkey says it has "concrete evidence" the nerve agent Sarin was used in a suspected attack by Syrian government forces a week ago, state media report.
Former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba, who has been forced to retire from football, says he knows he is lucky to be alive.
Mortgage lending rose to £19.1bn in July to reach the highest monthly total since August 2008.
Nigeria's state-owned oil company has failed to pay the government $16bn (Â£11bn) in a suspected fraud, according to an official audit.
An invasive species of beetle that has killed tens of millions of ash trees in North America could "spread unhindered" across Europe, researchers have warned.
Three men have been jailed for life for a shooting in a south London shop which left a five-year-old girl paralysed.
The funeral mass has taken place of teenager Rhys Jack who drowned in a quarry in Strabane last week.
Reading coasted into the second round of the Capital One Cup at the expense of Newport County.
Swimmer Tully Kearney has had to withdraw from the Great Britain team for the Rio Paralympics through injury.
Tents have been torched at a transit camp in Slovenia, allegedly by migrants angry at how they are being treated.
Tens of thousands of people in Hong Kong have attended a pro-democracy rally to mark 18 years since Britain handed the territory back to China.
No bidders have pulled out of trying to buy Tata Steel's UK operations in the light of the Brexit result, the firm has said.
A one-handed woman who was barred from a rollercoaster at Alton Towers has accused the venue of discrimination.
Scotland's political leaders have called a general election "truce" to mark the death of MP Jo Cox.
Everton's ambition to build a new Â£300m stadium has been backed by Liverpool City Council, which has formally agreed to financially guarantee the project.
Former Transport Secretary Justine Greening did not know about the problem which led to the collapse of the West Coast Main Line franchise award, the Department for Transport has said.
A coroner has praised emergency services staff who attended a house fire in County Fermanagh that claimed the lives of two people.
The sister of former Apprentice contestant Stuart Baggs has said the family's world has been "shattered" by his sudden death.
Birmingham Bears have signed former New Zealand all-rounder Grant Elliott on a Kolpak deal for the T20 Blast.
A leading anti-corruption investigator in Nigeria has survived being shot multiple times, officials say.
Number 10 has denied claims in a new book that Larry the Downing Street cat is disliked by the prime minister and his family.
Russell Latapy has left his post as assistant manager with Inverness Caledonian Thistle saying it is time to become a boss in his own right again.
Joe Ledley has been selected in Wales' squad for Euro 2016 after returning to training less than a month after breaking his leg.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half JB Bruzulier says the character the team showed in their thrilling, last-gasp Championship play-off final win over Bristol augurs well for next season.
Derby County made it five straight wins as they withstood a second-half onslaught from Wigan Athletic.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has appeared before the International Criminal Court (ICC), where he faces charges of crimes against humanity.
The newest and smallest species of begonia ever found has begun to flower at Edinburgh's Royal Botanic Garden.
A police force that boasted of having the highest proportion of special constables in the country has seen almost half of them leave the force.
Craig Ervine and Sikandar Raza both hit 60 as Zimbabwe clinched a two-wicket win over Ireland in the first of three one-day internationals in Harare.
A young mother who died in a house fire in Rhondda had "a heart of gold".
Fans group the Foundation of Hearts has voted overwhelmingly in favour of helping to fund the Tynecastle club's new £11m main stand.
Leighton Baines got the winner against Bournemouth to end Everton's poor recent run and ease the pressure on manager Roberto Martinez.
Images of an emaciated elderly woman have rattled Chinese social media users, after papers in the southern Guangxi region reported that the 92-year-old had been kept in a pigsty by her son and daughter-in-law "for years".
DJ Neil Fox has appeared in court accused of nine sex offences over a period spanning more than 20 years ahead of his trial later this year.
An 82-year-old man has been jailed for life for murdering his partner and her daughter who he shot at close range at his puppy farm in Surrey.
An off-duty policeman whose shopping was stolen as he tried to catch a supermarket shoplifter has received a cash windfall from a well-wisher.
Africa's largest mobile operator, MTN, has succeeded in its bid to reduce a $5.2bn Â£3.4bn) fine imposed by Nigerian authorities for failing to cut off unregistered users.
A Bulgarian man accused of murdering a Perthshire jeweller has had theft and fraud charges against him dropped.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has signed a contract extension which commits him to the club until 2021.
Police have appealed for information two weeks after a 19-year-old man was attacked in a Dundee street.
O Langefni i Lanilltud Fawr, Llangollen i Lanelli, mae 'Llan' i'w gweld ym mhob cwr o Gymru.
A 130ft long wall suddenly collapsed on to a Kent road severely damaging a number of vehicles on Thursday night.
When the weather is hot, zebra finches in Australia sing to their eggs - and these "incubation calls" change the chicks' development, a study has found.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed former Fulham defender Josh Passley on a one-year deal.
Unlicensed slimming pills with an estimated value of £30,000 have been seized by enforcement officers.
Welsh listeners to BBC Radio 1 and 2 should hear news bulletins about Wales at certain times of the day, according to the assembly's culture committee.
The script from the forthcoming Harry Potter play has leapt to the top of bestseller lists, a day after its July release was announced.
Artists are to work with four Highland shinty clubs to create a series of artworks inspired by the sport's contemporary culture and heritage.
Amit Shah, a close aide of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has been appointed the chief of India's governing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The Bank of England has unveiled the design for the new plastic £5 note.
Chris Eubank Jr retained his IBO world super-middleweight title by beating former two-weight world champion Arthur Abraham with a unanimous points win.
Newport County manager Graham Westley is confident his side can secure the points needed to pull away from the League Two relegation zone.
Details of the allegations against a dentist involved in the "biggest recall in NHS history" have been released.
A late headed winner from substitute Lee Novak secured Charlton a scrappy triumph over Chesterfield.
Kent were denied their second win of the season as Gloucestershire held on for a nervy draw at Canterbury.
Dan Cooper, a Supertwins winner at last year's Ulster Grand Prix, will make his debut at the Cookstown 100 this month.
A 55-year-old amateur cyclist has been banned from all sport for two years after testing positive for banned substances at a race in September.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed teenage Southampton defender Jason McCarthy on an initial one-month loan.
(Close): London's leading share index has closed 3.06% higher, rallying after Thursday's big losses.
A Victorian garden devastated by storms is back in full bloom in Snowdonia after two years of restoration work.
A six-year-old boy whose evidence helped convict his father of his mother's murder "finally believes Daddy did do it," his family has said.
Google's UK chief has defended the search giant's tax arrangements in a hearing before MPs on the Commons Public Accounts Committee.
Defender Luke Shaw broke his right leg in two places in Manchester United's 2-1 Champions League loss at PSV Eindhoven in the Netherlands.
A man has been arrested over an "improvised incendiary device" that led to a shopping centre being evacuated.
A Belgian whose older brother was one of the suicide bombers in the terror attacks on Brussels has won gold at the European Taekwondo Championships.
Academics have revealed what they claim is the first "historically accurate" portrait of Jane Austen's Mr Darcy - and he's a world away from the romantic hero of films and TV.
The second largest provider of personal instalment loans in the US is to buy its biggest competitor.
No party has managed to gain control of Worcester City Council following the local elections.
The shale gas firm Cuadrilla is to appeal against the decision by Lancashire County Council to refuse permission to drill and frack at two sites in the county.
A strategy aimed at preventing knives and weapons getting into Aberdeen schools has been approved.
Scotland's high streets are facing drastic change because of pressure from online sales and changing consumer habits, according to a new report.
West Ham's Argentina striker Mauro Zarate has signed for Premier League rivals Queens Park Rangers on loan until the end of the season.
McLaren Automotive, part of the F1 group, has unveiled a £1bn expansion plan to produce up to 15 new models and recruit 500 staff.
Egypt's president has warned against what he called attempts to destabilise the state, ahead of planned anti-government protests.
A new link has been added to the 870-mile Wales Coast Path at Flintshire for walkers seeking a "bit more of a challenge".
Cosmetic surgery clinics in England which are not up to standard could be named under new government proposals.
Carlo Ancelotti gained his first trophy as Bayern Munich coach thanks to their 2-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund in the German Super Cup.
Edinburgh Zoo's pandas did not manage to mate naturally, it has emerged.
US rock and roll legend Chuck Berry has marked his 90th birthday by announcing his first new album in 38 years.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola wants his players to embrace the pressure of their Champions League last-16 tie against Monaco - even though he knows the club's critics will "kill them" if they do not progress.
Belfast featherweight James Tennyson will fight Ryan Walsh for the British title in London on 30 April after signing with promoter Frank Warren.
A two-year-old girl in southern China, who was run over by two vans and ignored by 18 passers-by, has died, hospital officials say.
A man who flew a drone into a football stadium in Serbia during a Euro 2016 qualifier last October has been arrested ahead of the return leg in Albania.
There was a "major upturn" in the number of women grouse shooting this year, according to sporting estates.
The recent high-profile spat with the US over the Hollywood film "The Interview" painted North Korea's enigmatic young leader Kim Jong-un as impetuous.
A serious case review into the death of Daniel Pelka has found 26 separate incidents required police involvement at the four-year-old's family home between March 2006 and December 2010.
A skate park built in memory of a teenager who died after his bike was hit by a car has been shut after three years because it is "unsafe".
The Australian strategist behind Boris Johnson's mayoral campaigns is to work for the Conservatives, Tory chairman Grant Shapps has said.
Middlesex batter Fran Wilson has been awarded a central contract by the England and Wales Cricket Board for 2016-17.
A forgotten part of Alexandra Palace could be given a new lease of life if plans are approved to transform a Victorian theatre into a new film, play and concert venue.
Individuals could be at risk of running short of retirement funds after cashing in their pension pots, analysis of overseas schemes suggests.
Aston Martin is receiving Â£5.8m in financial support from the Welsh Government as part of the deal to bring the luxury carmaker to the Vale of Glamorgan, it has been revealed.
Fermanagh dug deep for a 0-18 to 1-10 win over Clare to boost their chances of survival in Division Two.
A memorial vigil will be held for a cow that was shot dead by police marksmen.
A man has been charged in connection with a fatal crash in New Ash Green last November.
US President Barack Obama has warned Syrian President Bashar al-Assad he will face "consequences" if he uses chemical weapons against his people.
Staff in the South Eastern Trust have been sent an email instructing them not to express political opinions on social media.
Ethiopia's army has surrounded the area in neighbouring South Sudan where it believes more than 100 abducted Ethiopian children are being held, local media report.
People in part of Berkshire are being encouraged to make pledges to help their community.
Arsene Wenger is a "specialist in failure", according to Jose Mourinho.
Virgin Money, the UK challenger bank part-owned by entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, has announced plans to float shares on the London Stock Exchange.
South Sudan's political and military elite have made themselves rich while the country has struggled under a civil war of their making, a report says.
It was Theresa May's controversial big idea, to open a wave of new grammar schools in England.
San Francisco has brought in a new law saying that pet shops can only sell cats and dogs that come from rescue centres.
Hearts are to contest a diving charge against winger Jamie Walker.
The Queen is to open the new £44m Cardiff University Brain Research Imaging Centre (Cubric) next month.
Josh Taylor remains unbeaten after a comfortable points victory over Alfonso Olvera on his Las Vegas debut.
Norway is proposing a ban on the Muslim full face veil and other face-covering clothing because it says it hinders communication between pupils and teachers.
A man has died in a house fire in County Durham.
A 15-year-old boy who was arrested following an arson attack on a Torfaen school has been released without charge.
Huddersfield Town midfielder Jonathan Hogg said he feels fortunate to be back playing after fears he had fractured his neck.
At least 70 people are known to have died in a ferry accident in Bangladesh, after authorities managed to reach the vessel which capsized on Sunday.
British Transport Police (BTP) have launched an investigation after a child's scooter was thrown at a train, causing lengthy delays to services.
North Korea has rejected an offer from the South to form a unified team for next year's Winter Olympics.
Everton boss Roberto Martinez described Wednesday's 4-0 defeat at Liverpool as his worst moment at the club.
A West Lothian pensioner who admitted raping two primary schoolgirls has been jailed for for eight and a half years.
A British geologist whose work has improved the ability to forecast deadly volcanic eruptions is to receive the 2015 Vetlesen Prize.
Chancellor George Osborne avoided questions on his Conservative Party leadership ambitions, saying his current job was "all-consuming".
Lawyers representing the families of those injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers have welcomed a promise of compensation.
A legal challenge has delayed the publication of an official report into allegations about the conduct of First Minister Peter Robinson and his wife.
Northern Irishman Graeme McDowell carded a 63 to take a one-stroke lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Tour's OHL Classic in Mayakoba, Mexico.
A contentious Jay Simpson penalty was enough to earn promotion-chasing Leyton Orient victory over Newport County.
Kyle Edmund defeated top seed Jack Sock 6-4 6-1 to reach the last four of the 2017 Atlanta Open.
Security will be taken "very seriously" for Wales football fans in France to watch the team at the Euro 2016 finals, the Football Association of Wales boss has said.
The Post Office is planning to close and franchise 37 Crown offices, with, the union says, the loss of 300 jobs and 127 specialist roles.
Tottenham forward Son Heung-min could miss the start of the new season after fracturing his arm in South Korea's World Cup qualifier against Qatar.
Police are investigating the "suspicious" death of a baby boy in Devon.
US congresswomen have walked out of work, joining women around the world who are going on strike as part of International Women's Day.
A train manager was injured in an assault on a platform at Gloucester station after a Rugby World Cup match.
A "unique" Jewish cemetery in Penzance has been restored thanks to a £25,000 lottery grant.
Millions of asthma patients in the UK are not getting basic care they need to manage their condition, a charity says.
Tan Arulampalam, consultant colorectal and general surgeon, let the BBC follow him on a weekend shift at Colchester General Hospital, where he's been a consultant for 12 years - and he gives his personal view on the plan to make the NHS a seven-day operation.
Parents have vowed to fight a £50 increase in the cost of bus passes for Kent secondary school students.
Premiership newcomers Bristol have signed Georgia international lock Giorgi Nemsadze from French second-tier side Tarbes.
A male driver has died after he was involved in a two-car collision in the Highlands.
Public sector net borrowing (PSNB) rose £1.1bn in October compared with the same month a year ago to £8.2bn, official figures show.
The tourism chief who helped bring the Tour de France to Yorkshire has defended the £1m loss his organisation incurred from hosting the event.
A man who thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl for sex but had been ensnared by internet paedophile hunters has been jailed for two years.
A victim of the Hillsborough disaster was warned about the area where the crush occurred by a fellow Liverpool supporter, the new inquests have heard.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shooting in Leeds.
Plymouth Argyle midfielder Ryan Donaldson says League Two teams see the Pilgrims as a major scalp.
Ian Holland took 4-16 as Somerset collapsed, losing seven wickets for 33 runs against Hampshire on day three.
Mark Warburton lamented his team's first-half display at Kilmarnock, saying: "It was not a Rangers team."
With fighter jets flying up to 70 sorties a day in Syria, Russia's powerful media machine has gone into overdrive.
Labour says it would raise billions of pounds for public services with a new tax on financial transactions - known as a "Robin Hood" tax.
Definition Africa is a Ugandan fashion label founded by Nadia Bhegani, Olga Mugyenyi and Nahida Bhegani, which tries to source all of its raw materials on the continent.
Bosnia-Herzegovina has formally applied to join the 28-nation European Union - a milestone in its efforts to overcome political and ethnic divisions.
Britain's double Tour de France winner Chris Froome is to reveal the results of his independent physiological testing this week.
Celebrated American photographer Steve McCurry has been coming to India for more than three decades.
Everton have made an approach for Lokomotiv Moscow forward Oumar Niasse and hope to tie up a £13.5m deal before Monday's transfer deadline.
Sir Michael Wilshaw, Chief Inspector of Schools in England and head of education watchdog Ofsted, has told BBC Newsnight that schools and local authorities up and down the country should learn from London and "draw a line" below underperformance.
Yanic Wildschut scored one goal and made another as Wigan earned their first win under new manager Warren Joyce and stretched Huddersfield's winless run to four games.
The international law firm, Allen and Overy, is creating 100 new jobs in Belfast.
David Cameron has urged Londoners not to elect Labour's Sadiq Khan as their next mayor, claiming they will become "lab rats" for party leader Jeremy Corbyn's economic experiments.
Samuel Fletcher and David Walker finished joint first in the island's FireFighters Memorial Walk.
A gay rights campaigning clergyman has called for a leading Welsh gay cleric to be made a bishop in Wales.
Former Bake Off winner Nadiya Hussain has said she is "excited" to be joining the show's junior version as a judge.
Troops in Somalia's semi-autonomous region of Puntland have briefly staged a mutiny.
An increase in the number of women playing sport has driven improved participation figures, according to the latest survey by Sport England.
A man landed his hot air balloon on a Cambridgeshire school playing field "to avoid sheep", he said.
The owners of a 16th Century Tudor mansion in Conwy county are appealing to people in the United States to help them find a missing room.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has tweeted a selfie of his historic spacewalk.
Graffiti artist Banksy has announced an exhibition at a derelict seafront lido in Weston-super-Mare.
Ukraine's prime minister has said he will ask parliament to put the country on a path towards Nato membership.
Jersey have signed five players in preparation for next season in the Championship, including former Sale Sharks centre Jordan Davies.
Dover Athletic have re-signed Moses Emmanuel and brought in Jahmal Howlett-Mundle and Ira Jackson Jr.
Haringey Council spent £196,000 trying to fight its former head of children's services in her case for unfair dismissal, it has emerged.
Germany is an enlightened leader in the global battle to reduce CO2 emissions, a pioneer in renewable energy and community power projects and a champion of energy efficiency.
UKIP have won six seats on Thurrock Council, missing out on being the largest party by a single vote.
The European Commission is to open a formal investigation into Apple, Starbucks and Fiat in relation to tax arrangements with three EU countries.
Disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai has fought back in court against charges of bribery on the opening day of the country's biggest political trial in decades.
One-Day Cup South Group leaders Somerset beat Gloucestershire by 81 runs to secure a fifth win in six.
Callers to the 101 non-emergency service at three Yorkshire police forces are having to wait longer to get through compared to two years ago.
A school suspended pupils 440 times in one academic year, despite the fact that only 353 students were enrolled at the school during that period.
Hundreds of rebels have entered the Central African Republic (CAR) capital Bangui, according to witnesses.
There is a man on my telly standing outside The Den in a suit speaking fast and portentously without full stops or commas and with lots of superlatives.
Viewers still have a week to wait before The Great British Bake Off returns to our screens, on a different channel with a 75% new line-up of judges and presenters.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says the continuing debate over his future "is becoming a farce".
Leicestershire have handed 17-year-old Will Fazakerley a 12-month first professional contract.
A £10.5m revamp is planned to expand facilities at Leicester's "cramped" bus station.
British Judo has accepted "with great reluctance" the decision by the European Judo Union (EJU) to strip Glasgow of the European Championships.
The family of a Renfrewshire teenager who died after a collision between two cars at an Asda petrol station have said they are "devastated" by her loss.
Scotch whisky producer Inver House Distillers has secured a £45m bank lending deal to support growth plans.
Great Britain women's K1 trio won gold as GB ended the European Championships in Slovakia with four medals.
Jonathan Obika's last-minute equaliser kept Swindon's League One survival hopes alive by securing draw with MK Dons.
A disabled driver who faced losing his car under benefit changes said he was "elated" to have won his case after it was raised with the prime minister.
Police say they have seized herbal cannabis worth £100,000 that was destined for Northern Ireland.
A non-league manager has been sacked for "a run of poor pre-season results and lack of player signings".
Changes to benefits for sick and disabled people have led to a "fiasco", causing unnecessary distress to thousands of people, MPs have warned.
North Lanarkshire Council has launched an investigation "into serious allegations of corruption".
Ulster centre Stuart Olding has signed a contract extension which will keep him at the Kingspan Stadium until the end of the 2018/19 season.
A kit which allows people to experience what it is like to have dementia has been introduced in Aberdeen.
A full list of winners from the 70th Tony Awards.
John McAreavey, whose wife Michaela was murdered on honeymoon in Mauritius six years ago, has returned to the island.
Reading have signed midfielder Remi Allen from Women's Super League One rivals Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee.
Two men have been arrested in County Louth by police investigating dissident republican activity.
A man who died after falling more than 70m on Snowdon has been named.
Cars were swallowed up when a large sinkhole opened up in a restaurant car park, in Mississippi in America
Some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Africa that we did not know last week:
Carlton Cole turned down offers from other clubs to sign for Celtic, saying the decision was a "no brainer".
Scotland midfielder Don Cowie has signed for Hearts following his release from Wigan.
Manager Neil Warnock has delivered the strongest indication yet he is keen to stay at Cardiff City and mount a promotion challenge next season.
Ethiopia's Olympic marathon silver medallist Feyisa Lilesa crossed his hands above his head as he finished the race in Rio - bringing the world's attention to a wave of protests in his home country.
Swansea City are in talks with Chievo about signing striker Alberto Paloschi for a fee of around £8m.
Residents whose homes have been filled with hundreds of flies from a Derbyshire recycling site have been told their misery is over.
A decision on controversial plans to close four primary schools in Ceredigion has been put on hold while funding is explored.
Gregor Townsend is to replace Vern Cotter as Scotland head coach in June 2017, Scottish Rugby has announced.
How would the relationship between the White House and the UK change if Britain were no longer part of the EU?
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan say they will give away 99% of their shares in the company to good causes as they announce the birth of their daughter Max.
MPs are urging the government to halve air passenger duty in next week's Autumn Statement, saying the tax hampers post-Brexit Britain's ability to trade outside Europe.
To make smartphone batteries you need a metal called cobalt and one of the few places you can find it is underground in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A US-backed alliance of Syrian Kurdish and Arab fighters has begun a campaign to expel Islamic State (IS) militants from land north of Raqqa.
England won by 34 runs in the final one-day international at Trent Bridge as New Zealand claimed the series 2-1.
Most police forces in England and Wales have adopted new speeding guidelines that allow motorists to do up to 86mph and avoid points on their licence.
China's Communist Party and its more than two-million-man army aren't supposed to like video games.
Pedro Caixinha has been confirmed as the new manager of Rangers after signing a three-year contract.
MPs have overwhelmingly backed plans for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Cricket will introduce sendings-off, award penalty runs for poor behaviour and limit bat sizes after lawmakers the MCC approved the changes.
A ceasefire is due to come into effect in eastern Ukraine following a deal in Munich over the weekend to halt fighting and withdraw heavy weapons from the front line.
A new test can help doctors identify ovarian cancer more accurately and cut down on instances of unnecessary surgery, claim scientists.
A US firm is launching an emergency repair service for broken or damaged smartphones in the UK.
Despite its ancestors having feathers, Tyrannosaurus rex most likely had scaly skin, according to fossil evidence.
A world record breaking attempt for the longest 11-a-side match has finished following 105 hours of football in Edinburgh.
Fulham midfielder Sean Kavanagh has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
A chain is in talks over plans for a new 50-bed hotel in Galashiels after the sale of a prominent site in the town has been agreed.
Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith came within seven hundredths of a second of a remarkable medal as Dafne Schippers retained her 200m title at the World Championships.
A PSNI recruitment event which was cancelled after a bomb find at the original venue has been rearranged.
DJ Pete Tong has defended BBC Radio 1's first ever Prom, a musical homage to Ibiza, saying those opposed to dance music at the Proms need to "chill out".
Manaf Tlas, a Syrian general, has deserted the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and left the country gripped by continuing unrest.
Paris St-Germain saw their 16-match winning run end in a 0-0 draw with struggling Lille but still remain unbeaten in Ligue 1 this season.
Five former Barclays employees have been accused of conspiring to defraud, by fixing the Libor interest rate.
The governor of Yemen's port city of Aden, Aidarus al-Zubaidi, has survived an assassination attempt, security sources say.
Austrian Horst Saiger has gone quickest in the opening practice session for the 2017 Festival of Motorcycling on Saturday.
The speed limit on the M4 and A55 could rise from 70mph to 80mph under plans announced by the Welsh Conservatives.
Two Burmese men have been found guilty and sentenced to death for murdering two UK tourists in Thailand last year.
Police in Singapore have charged 24 Indian nationals with rioting after violent protests on Sunday night over the death of a migrant worker.
Ireland begin the second match of their Intercontinental Cup campaign against Namibia in Windhoek on Saturday in the knowledge that a win for either side would see them move top of the table.
A large timber and tyre fire which burned throughout the night in Carmarthenshire has been extinguished.
There has been a mixed reaction in the West to the government's announcement that Hinkley C will go ahead.
The UK's inflation rate dropped unexpectedly to 2.6% in June, down from 2.9% in May, official figures have shown.
Portsmouth manager Paul Cook was delighted with the nature of his side's response as they moved into the League Two automatic promotion places.
The Labour Party has made legal checks to ensure its leadership contest is complying with the law and try to avoid challenges to the result.
Almost a fifth of parents in the UK regret the name they chose for their child, a survey has suggested.
If you have ever played a video game, you are likely to have seen Taito's Space Invaders or one of its many derivatives.
Councillors in Stirling have rejected plans for a controversial sports and housing development near Dunblane.
A woman forced to breastfeed her baby while standing up on a packed train says she was left feeling "intimidated and uncomfortable".
EU countries have until midnight to submit bids to provide a new home for two agencies that will be relocated from the UK after Brexit.
Nigel Farage has been accused of "blatant scaremongering" by a fellow Leave campaigner for suggesting there could be a risk of sex attacks on women by migrants if Britain stays in the EU.
David Cameron has warned that British agriculture would suffer if the UK votes to leave the EU.
Discount store Poundland has invited the competition authorities to move to a full review of its proposed tie-up with rival 99p Stores.
UK financial markets remain volatile in the wake of the Brexit vote, with sterling plunging to a 31-year low against the dollar, and some share trading temporarily halted.
Radio 1 has announced a new Sunday show which will replace the current Official Chart slot when it moves to Fridays next month.
At least 17 people, including eight civilians, have been killed in an attack by rebels in northern Mali, officials say.
Leicester City's crowning as Premier League champions is an "incredible and romantic" story, the club's former manager Martin O'Neill has said.
Bailout number three is, more or less, in the pipeline.
A senior Pakistani Taliban commander, Latif Mehsud, has reportedly been handed over to Pakistan by the US from Afghanistan.
More often than not, there is a PE teacher in school who takes their classes so seriously it almost feels like students are being worked like genuine athletes.
India has blocked free access to 857 porn sites in what it says is a move to prevent children from accessing them.
Sri Lanka's army defeated separatist Tamil Tiger rebels in May 2009 after 26 years of civil war.
An emotional Ronnie O'Sullivan has attacked snooker authorities for using "threatening" language and said he will not be "bullied" by them.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists he is still the right man for the job after an FA Cup semi-final defeat to Manchester United increased pressure on his position.
US President-elect Donald Trump has defended his handling of the transition to the White House, amid reports of disarray in his team.
Ford has said it will cancel a $1.6bn (£1.3bn) plant it planned to build in Mexico and instead extend operations at its factory in Michigan.
A French teenager's sickle cell disease has been reversed using a pioneering treatment to change his DNA.
A Chicago woman has settled $105,000 (£67,540) in parking fines amassed after her car was abandoned at an airport in 2009, local media report.
Chelsea striker Diego Costa will not be punished for making a gesture to Everton fans during his side's 2-0 defeat at Goodison Park.
A Presbyterian minister has said the DUP mayor of Derry should have made "every effort" to attend the funeral of the former Bishop of Derry Edward Daly.
Stephen Hawking says space travel will save the human race.
Aston Villa manager Remi Garde refused to criticise supporters for walking out during the 3-1 home defeat by Everton.
Prosecutors in northern Germany are investigating alleged cases of police brutality towards migrants in the city of Hanover.
Money, money, money - it's a familiar background theme across the NHS in England, but the volume is increasing.
First Minister Peter Robinson has told MLAs the Northern Ireland Assembly would have "gone down" if there had been no agreement on welfare reform.
Russian government hackers breached Democratic National Committee computers to obtain opposition research on Republican Donald Trump, say officials.
Police need more powers to stop dog attacks on sheep, the head of rural crime in north Wales has said.
MPs have passed a bill delaying the deadline for Northern Ireland parties to reach a deal to restore devolution.
A court has heard how a van driver from the West Midlands fell asleep at the wheel causing the death of a Glasgow woman on the A74(M) near Lockerbie.
A large crowd has gathered in Glasgow's George Square for a pro-independence rally one year after the referendum.
Swansea University will celebrate its achievements and research by holding a new science festival in September.
The identity of Doctor Who's 13th Time Lord will be revealed following the Wimbledon men's singles tennis final on Sunday, the BBC has announced.
Matt O'Connor believes he will fit back into the Premiership seamlessly as he prepares for his first home game in full charge of Leicester Tigers.
A faction of the Pakistani Taliban has said it carried out a suicide bombing that killed at least 70 people at a hospital in the city of Quetta.
Shopping centre managers have been fined £75,000 for health and safety breaches after a man had his big toe ripped off by an escalator.
Australian Health Minister Sussan Ley has resigned after using a taxpayer-funded trip to purchase an apartment on Queensland's Gold Coast.
Arsene Wenger says the uncertainty over his future is not affecting his Arsenal players, but admits their 3-0 defeat at Crystal Palace is "a big worry".
A man has been charged in connection with cash machine explosions in Bristol and North Somerset.
A "big cat" was on the loose in the English countryside at the turn of the last century, scientists say.
The AA has been criticised over the way it has handled a data breach involving 13 gigabytes of data.
Commuters on a motorway in Qatar's capital, Doha, were astonished to see an escaped tiger on the loose and walking through three lanes of traffic.
The Smiler rollercoaster at Alton Towers had to be closed after debris fell from a carriage - 14 months after it crashed leaving five people seriously injured.
The way crime victims are treated by the police and courts in England and Wales is to be examined.
Hundreds of staff who work at Heathrow Airport have had their airside clearance suspended after three women were arrested on suspicion of fraud.
Clashes between African migrants in the French port city of Calais have left more than 50 people injured.
Long before he was a contender for the US presidency, Donald Trump was America's most famous and colourful billionaire.
Access to online storage systems, including DropBox, GitHub and Microsoft OneDrive, was blocked in Turkey on Saturday.
The former president of the Maldives, Mohamed Nasheed, has been granted refugee status in the UK, according to his lawyer.
The boxer who controversially beat Ireland's Michael Conlan in the Olympic quarter-finals has pulled out of his Olympic semi-final because of injury.
A woman badly burned in a house fire as a baby said she refuses to be defeated by cyber-trolls who bullied her online.
New Togo coach Claude LeRoy has told BBC Sport he is aware he faces a tough job but took it because he wants to revitalise football in the country.
Buildings and roads have been hit by flooding in Norwich.
A man has admitted killing a pensioner who had been involved in a three-year affair with his mother.
Volunteers searching for a missing runner in Greece have said they remain "positive" despite a second attempt to find him so far proving unsuccessful.
Two deportees who died after jumping from a ferry were trying to swim back to the UK shore, an inquest has heard.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats can "defy expectations" in the forthcoming assembly elections, the party's leader has insisted.
Leinster earned a bonus point win at Murrayfield, exploiting Edinburgh's shaky defence in the first half.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the victim of a serious assault died in hospital.
Forty-five years after it was first published, Ruchira, an Indian cookbook in Marathi language, continues to be a bestseller.
A man has been found dead at a block of flats where a "possible noxious gas" was detected.
The Welsh economy is "stronger, safer and better off" in the European Union, a group of top business figures says.
Anti-racism campaigners have backed the appointment of Malky Mackay as the Scottish Football Association's new performance director.
Commuters are dealing with long queues and delays as they try navigating London during a strike that has shut down the whole Tube network.
The UK government must stop making cuts to benefits or more children will be "pushed into poverty", the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
The question of how much extra money NHS England needs to meet rising patient demand has dominated recent political argument over the health service.
A Dutch international volleyball player who raped a 12-year-old British girl he met on Facebook has been jailed for four years.
YouTube has resolved a long-running dispute that prevented many of its clips being accessible in Germany.
Sky is to offer a complete subscription television package without a satellite dish for the first time.
Two men have been arrested in connection with reports that a teenager armed with a machete attacked a bus in the east end of Glasgow.
Former Manchester United captain Bryan Robson says he has no problem with the club breaking the transfer world record to re-sign Paul Pogba from Juventus.
As the autumn rugby union internationals put the sport firmly back in the spotlight, the game's governing body says it is perfectly poised to build on the huge boost it has been given over the past 12 months.
Sussex dominated the first day against  Yorkshire to improve their hopes of retaining their Division One status.
Rail fares for some off-peak Northern services in Greater Manchester will be increased by up to 10% - the third rise within the past year.
A 24-hour Tube strike planned to start on Tuesday evening has been called off after the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union agreed to suspend it.
Actress Viola Davis received a standing ovation for her acceptance speech at the Emmy Awards, where she became the first black woman to win outstanding actress in a drama.
Mental health waiting lists are "spiralling out of control", the Welsh Liberal Democrats have claimed, accusing ministers of "complacency".
Rhondda Cynon Taf Council (RCT) has had to pay a £350,000 legal bill over challenges to cuts in nursery education and Rhydyfelin library's closure.
More than 80% of people living and working in the Anfield area of Liverpool are backing plans for a £260m regeneration, according to a survey.
Somali militants have stoned a man to death after an Islamic court convicted him of adultery.
Pension reforms have increased the prospect of people being conned out of their life savings, a committee of MPs has concluded.
The first thing a Portuguese police officer will tell you about drugs is that they are still illegal.
Amid fears that a "frozen conflict" is developing in eastern Ukraine the BBC's Rayhan Demytrie examines life in disputed Nagorno-Karabakh, scene of one of the former Soviet Union's most protracted conflicts.
People across Wales remain "highly satisfied" with the NHS, education and with their daily lives, according to a national survey.
A ceilidh and a torchlight procession are to be held on Saturday to mark a year since a community buyout of a Cold War surveillance station on Lewis.
Tin cans from Soviet-era fish factory ships have been found among rubbish cleared from two shorelines in the north west Highlands.
On the face of it, it is an election that will change the face of Spanish politics.
Scotland's Martin Laird moved to within two shots of the lead as Jason Day, Phil Mickelson and Justin Rose missed the cut at the Farmers Open.
Nearly five million people in Somalia are suffering from a shortage of food due to poor rainfall, floods and displacement, the United Nations says.
A contractor supplying concrete for Oxford's new shopping centre has been criticised for breaching an agreement not to drive lorries through a village.
Greenhouse gas output in the UK fell almost 8% in 2014, although emissions from transport and agriculture rose slightly, official figures show.
Edvald Boasson Hagen became the first rider to win the Tour of Britain twice since its return to the professional cycling calendar in 2004.
Hearts have rejected a second bid from Rangers, believed to be in the region of £600,000, for winger Jamie Walker.
The leader of the Lebanese Shia militant Hezbollah movement, Hassan Nasrallah, has promised his supporters they will prevail in Syria, where they are backing President Bashar al-Assad.
Olympic champion Dani King may appeal against British Cycling's decision not to select her for the Rio Games.
A new study has highlighted beavers "exceptional" ability to rebuild diverse wetlands.
Police have released the name of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in West Dunbartonshire.
Hip-hop musical Hamilton has led the Tony Awards in New York, winning 11 including best musical and lead actor.
A Rwandan Hutu rebel commander wanted for atrocities committed on Congolese soil has been arrested in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
A serial liar who tricked women he dated out of tens of thousands of pounds has been jailed for five years.
The relationship between a homeless person and their dog can be an exceptionally close one but if you are on the streets, looking after your pet can also be challenging.
The world's largest St Patrick's Day parade has kicked off under a cloud of protest against the organisers' refusal to allow gay groups to march openly.
Norwich City are in talks to sign Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Alex Pritchard, reports BBC Radio Norfolk.
The Church of England has ended its investment in the payday lender Wonga.
The Champions League trophy will go on tour around Wales before the 2017 final in Cardiff on 3 June.
Thousands of lives are put at risk by doctors prescribing drugs to which patients are known to be allergic, the medicines watchdog says.
An elderly man and his sister arrested on suspicion of murder live together in "secluded" Berkshire woodland, a relative has claimed.
An NHS secretary has admitted embezzling £55,000 from a Dundee hospital charity fund.
Turkey has voted in a general election which will determine whether the ruling party can change the constitution.
A 14-year-old girl remains in hospital after nine pupils were taken ill at school after reportedly taking an unknown substance.
Manchester City's 100% league record was emphatically ended by a defeat at Tottenham, who remain unbeaten so far this season.
The US government is concerned it could be implicated in potential war crimes in Yemen because of its support for a Saudi-led coalition air campaign.
Monaco have signed Belgium's young player of the year Youri Tielemans from Anderlecht for a reported 25m euros (£21.63m).
The men convicted of the Hatton Garden heist are facing tough conditions in prison, a court has heard.
A poster of a bloodied, but very much alive Jon Snow, has appeared to end months of speculation as to whether the popular Game of Thrones character will return in the sixth series.
The Times says it made a "mistake" in not having the Hillsborough verdicts on the front page of its first edition.
The BBC has begun a trial of 4K high dynamic range (HDR) video on its iPlayer streaming platform.
Mark Cavendish was taken to hospital with a shoulder injury after crashing out of the Tour of Britain.
Facebook says it is investigating a mother's complaints about a post that misused photos showing her child with a severe case of chickenpox.
A heroin addict has been found guilty of the "horrific" murder of her 82-year-old neighbour in Fife.
All legal claims brought against the BBC and BBC Spotlight's Editor, Jeremy Adams, by Frank Cushnahan have been dropped.
The only time Usain Bolt has "ever been slow" was when the Jamaican arrived 10 days after his due date.
A woman has suffered serious head injuries after being hit by a police car in Rugby.
The number of petrol stations has plummeted since 1970, says a government study, while fuel reserves have dropped by a fifth over the last 10 years.
Aid groups have asked a French court to delay the closure of the Calais migrant camp, the "Jungle", arguing authorities are not ready to relocate refugees.
BBC Scotland's new director has pledged to spend more licence fee funds raised north of the border on programming produced in Scotland.
Chile has raised the alert level for the Copahue volcano to red, the highest possible.
Japan's Supreme Court is due to rule on two 19th century family laws which critics say are sexist and out-of-date.
No decisions have been made on where to make further benefit cuts, should the Conservatives win the general election - Iain Duncan Smith has told the BBC.
Community groups are seeking assurances following the announcement that a scheme which supports deprived areas in Wales is set to be dropped.
Wales legend Scott Gibbs says they must beat Fiji and Australia in the World Cup or their stunning Pool A win over England "counts for nothing".
Boss Roy Hodgson wants to resurrect plans for a winter meeting for his England squad - an idea previously vetoed by Premier League clubs.
Alleged death threats made against BBC director general Tony Hall are being investigated by the Met Police.
Gillingham have signed forward Josh Parker on a deal until the end of the season following a spell on trial.
Match reports of Saturday's Scottish Cup and Championship matches and previews of Sunday's Scottish Cup ties.
Residents of Corpus Christi, Texas, have been told it is safe to drink tap water again, after a chemical leak sparked a four-day ban.
A man is to appear in court charged with endangering the safety of an aircraft on a transatlantic flight.
A deadly flash flood sparked by monsoon-like rains has swept through a swimming hole in the US state of Arizona, killing at least eight people.
One of the Tunisia beach attack victims has been named locally as David Thompson from Hampshire.
Hartlepool United have signed midfielder Conor Newton on an undisclosed contract following his release by Cambridge United.
An eight-year-old boy who was diagnosed with tonsillitis died less than 24 hours after being discharged from hospital.
The EU has warned it could take legal action against Hungarian legislation cracking down on higher education, non-governmental organisations and asylum-seekers.
An app which enables healthcare professionals to share photos is to be rolled out across western Europe by the end of the year.
Vancouver's new Trump International Hotel and Tower has opened with pomp and protests.
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush has pledged to fix America as he launches his bid to become the Republican nominee for president.
George Turner insists he cannot afford to spend another season on the periphery of Edinburgh's squad.
Two police officers wept as they tried to resuscitate one of the 96 fans fatally injured at Hillsborough, one of his friends told the new inquests jury.
Former swimmer turned canoeist Jeanette Chippington has been officially named to compete in her sixth Paralympics for Great Britain.
A federal judge in the US has acquitted a policeman who was charged over a serious assault on an Indian man.
Newcastle's bid for automatic promotion continued to stutter as Ipswich Town made it two defeats in three matches for the second-placed Magpies.
Snow showers are continuing to affect the road network across Northern Ireland on Thursday and there is also the risk of ice on roads.
The Aurora Borealis also know as the Northern Lights have been making an appearance across parts of the UK.
Edinburgh Woollen Mill scarves claimed to have been mislabelled were correctly marked as 100% cashmere, a testing expert has told a court.
Hundreds of email addresses have been inadvertently circulated following a mistake by Bournemouth Borough Council.
Rail passengers travelling between Liverpool and Wirral are being warned of longer journey times when major engineering works begin in January.
Olympian Rebekah Tiler has missed this weekend's British Championships in protest over funding.
JK Rowling has shared two rejection letters she received for her first novel writing as Robert Galbraith.
Arsene Wenger said it "hurt" that his players' attitude was questioned and believes Arsenal passed a "mental test" to beat Everton on Saturday.
The way researchers assess urban ecology needs to change in order to take into account the way modern cities are developing, a study suggests.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed Ross Lafayette following his departure from Eastleigh.
England rugby league forward Sam Burgess is to switch codes and move to Bath on a three-year contract.
Premier League previews and reports as Spurs are held to a draw and Leicester beat Southampton to move seven points clear at the top.
Former Norwich and Middlesbrough forward Kei Kamara has ended his international break and made himself available for selection ahead of Sierra Leone's forthcoming 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Ivory Coast.
Thousands of Venezuelans have held a peaceful march through the streets of the capital Caracas, calling for the release of opposition leaders who have been in jail for more than a year.
Iraqi Kurdish forces have fought their way into a town held by Islamic State militants north-east of Mosul.
Jeremy Corbyn has promised to lead a Labour "fightback" after being elected the party's new leader by a landslide.
A former Mr Universe contestant who claimed he had a bad back has been jailed for benefit fraud.
Barnet have signed right-back Richard Brindley on a free transfer after he was released by Colchester.
Former Olympian Ron Hill has ended a 52-year streak of running at least one mile every single day after experiencing chest pains.
Worcestershire County Council is to bid for £7m of government money to go towards the construction of a third railway station in Worcester.
At the World Economic Forum in Davos, UK Prime Minister Theresa May's speech has been given top billing.
Honey and water might be a useful weapon against urine infections in hospital patients, say UK researchers.
A detective constable sent to speak to the family of a Moors Murders victim has described Ian Brady as "devilish".
Crusaders manager Stephen Baxter has urged his players to keep chasing wins in every game as they close in on a third consecutive Premiership title.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers cannot believe Scott Brown is absent from the nomination list for the PFA Scotland player of the year award.
A celebration has been held to mark 100 years since the first Women's Institute (WI) meeting in Britain.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure has asked not to be included in Ivory Coast's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Sierra Leone.
Arsenal are back on top of the table after Sunday's draw at Stoke and there are several other reasons it was a significant result for Arsene Wenger's side.
Tens of thousands of people have marched in Moscow and cities around the world to remember relatives who took part in World War Two.
The boyfriend of a student who drowned in Thailand has spoken of the "big open space where [she] should be".
A French police officer is in a life-threatening condition a day after a group of youths pelted petrol bombs at his patrol car near a housing estate outside Paris, prosecutors say.
A pilot wearing a jetpack has taken to the skies above the River Thames in east London like "a real-life Iron Man".
Chelsea midfielder John Mikel Obi says communication has improved within the team since the arrival of interim manager Guus Hiddink.
The very thing that almost killed former Nottinghamshire and England batsman James Taylor also saved his life.
Who blocked an attempt by the coalition to tie a new funding deal for the Welsh government with a commitment to hold a referendum on income tax powers?
Campaigners opposed to plans for a controversial pig farm outside Limavady have met to voice their concerns.
A representative of the nationalist community in Northern Ireland has addressed the Progressive Unionist Party's annual conference for the first time.
A minibus taxi has collided with a train near Ballito in South Africa, killing at least 14 people, according to KwaZulu-Natal emergency services.
The legislation allowing Theresa May to trigger Brexit will be rubber-stamped on Thursday, MPs have been told.
Islamist militants have attacked and occupied a gas facility in Algeria, killing a Briton and an Algerian and taking foreign workers hostage.
A deer burst through the glass doors of a supermarket and ran amok before being caught by a man shopping for medicine for his cold, local media report.
The gap between those educated privately and by the state is getting wider and social mobility is weaker than 30 years ago, Ian Hislop has told an audience of south London teenagers.
Jimmy Gopperth kept his nerve to kick Wasps into a European Champions Cup semi-final against Saracens after an extraordinary win against Exeter.
Zach Clough netted his sixth goal in eight starts, but high-flying Bolton were made to work hard for their League One win over Coventry at the Macron Stadium.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Edinburgh's St Andrew Square to pay their respects to the victims of the mass shooting in Orlando.
A Mexican newspaper in the heartland of the country's drug war has asked cartels for guidance on whether it should publish stories on the conflict.
First we had it, then we didn't and now it's back again.
A pathologist is under investigation after a series of mistakes were made in cervical tests.
Lions and England prop Kyle Sinckler says the effect his Harlequins team-mate Adam Jones has had on him is life-changing.
A 51-year-old man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a woman in East Yorkshire on Sunday.
The leader of the Irish Labour party, Joan Burton, is to stand down after the party's poor performance in February's general election.
Two Belfast men who stole a pensioner's life savings have been jailed for their "despicable" behaviour".
Brian McClair has been appointed performance director of the Scottish Football Association.
Leicester have completed the signing of France centre Maxime Mermoz from Toulon until the end of the season.
British actor Robin Sachs, best known for his role in the hit TV series Buffy The Vampire Slayer, has died at the age of 61.
The process of validating signatures on a petition calling for a referendum to remove Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro from office is proceeding apace, an opposition leader says.
The past year was when the planet's biggest pop stars went missing in action.
The Conservatives have extended their control at Hertfordshire County Council.
Wales centre Jonathan Davies will return to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a dual deal with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is now expected to call a general election on Wednesday.
A new international report suggests that gaming regularly can help you to do better in tests at school.
An Aberdeen medical practice is to be dissolved, in part due to a shortage of doctors.
President Barack Obama is already facing strong and very vocal opposition in Congress to his recent immigration overhaul, but he will also have to confront a more silent enemy.
Traffic wardens in Cardiff could become the first outside London to get powers to issue tickets for moving traffic offences.
The African Union (AU) has accused the International Criminal Court (ICC) of "hunting" Africans because of their race.
Black Country residents have mocked TV presenter Piers Morgan by wearing masks of his face while riding a visitor attraction he publicly criticised.
Counterfeit cigarettes and tobacco are being advertised and sold through Facebook, an investigation has found.
Leaders of five combined authorities have written to the prime minister saying the north of England needs a "strong voice" in Brexit negotiations.
The European Space Agency is going to build a spacecraft to map the red glow emitted by Earth's plants.
Elephant populations in Africa have declined by around 111,000 over the past 10 years according to a new study.
Britain's Jamie Murray and Australian John Peers missed out on a first Grand Slam doubles title together as they lost to fourth seeds Jean-Julien Rojer and Horia Tecau in the Wimbledon final.
Debbie Reynolds, who starred opposite Gene Kelly in the 1952 musical Singin' in the Rain, has died a day after the death of her daughter, Carrie Fisher.
Brighton & Hove Albion winger Joe Ward has extended his loan deal at National League side Lincoln City for a further two months.
Asia markets were mixed on Wednesday as investors waited for the outcome of the latest Federal Reserve meeting.
Broxtowe's Labour candidate has said he is prepared to vote against his party on the HS2 rail project if elected.
The first finding of an infectious strain of avian flu in a UK wild bird has been confirmed in Carmarthenshire.
Jimmy Savile abused some of his victims at the BBC's studios in Glasgow and also sexually assaulted a Scottish girl who had travelled to London to watch Top of the Pops, a report has found.
Sounding more like the potentate of some palm-dotted tropical island than a presidential candidate, Donald Trump twice declined to say during the final televised debate whether he would accept the results of the 2016 election.
Police are investigating after a man was assaulted in a street in East Dunbartonshire.
A statue dedicated to the South Korean music hit Gangnam Style is to be unveiled in the Seoul district made famous by the song.
German champions Bayern Munich have signed Morocco defender Mehdi Benatia from Roma for an undisclosed fee.
Hull FC hooker and vice-captain Danny Houghton has signed a new deal with the Challenge Cup winners and will stay with the club until 2020.
High ladders which could have potentially "prevented the spread" of the Grenfell Tower fire were previously sent to the building automatically, the BBC has learned.
A proposed new road tunnel beneath the River Thames would lead to 30 years of "misery" on the M25, an MP has warned.
After just four Premiership wins all season, London Irish have been relegated from English rugby's top flight for the first time since 1994.
The speed limit on a major route into a city has been reduced following a campaign launched after a man's death.
Ipswich Town youngster Josh Emmanuel has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
US astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko have touched down on Earth after almost a year in space.
The number of people killed in fires has fallen to its lowest for more than 20 years, provisional figures show.
Uefa chief Michel Platini produced no documentary evidence for the 2m Swiss francs (£1.35m) payment made to him by Fifa, the BBC has learned.
The UK general election result could delay Brexit talks and be negative for the economy, credit ratings agencies Moody's and S&P have warned.
The music world is mourning the loss of Roland founder and electronic instrument pioneer Ikutaro Kakehashi, who has died aged 87.
Does the World Trade Organization matter anymore?
Arnold Schwarzenegger has quit The New Celebrity Apprentice, saying it has become tainted by Donald Trump's involvement.
Apple has reached an agreement with two leading indie music groups, paving the way for thousands of labels to join its new streaming service.
Dan Evans gave Britain a fourth player in the main draw of the US Open with a superb qualifying win over Spain's Adrian Menendez-Maceiras.
A woman kept prisoner in a Northern Ireland house and repeatedly raped and assaulted for eight years was too afraid to leave when police came to rescue her.
Child protection services in Australia are investigating a man accused of abandoning a baby with Down's syndrome to a surrogate mother in Thailand over allegations of child sex offences.
Former top Fifa executive Chuck Blazer has admitted he and other officials from world football's governing body conspired to take bribes in relation to the 1998 and 2010 World Cups and other major tournaments.
A man has been accused of making a series of hoax bomb threats.
Kenyan counter-terrorism officers have been accused of carrying out extra-judicial killings and other abuses in a report by US and Kenyan rights groups.
At first glance it was a rush hour like any other at King's Cross station.
A chronology of key events:
It will come as no surprise to followers of events at Ibrox that it's back to code SNAFU - that is, the situation is normal, in that it's all, er, fouled up.
Lightning strikes on rail routes through East Anglia have sparked travel chaos.
The head of Brazil's football federation, Ricardo Teixeira, has stepped down from his post, days after taking sick leave.
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has announced Carly Fiorina as his running mate, calling her a "consistent, courageous fighter".
About 150 people attended a meeting aimed at saving a leisure centre earmarked for closure in one of Wrexham's most deprived areas.
Ulster Council secretary Danny Murphy has died at the age of 67.
Olympic medallist Brendan Foster has described Mo Farah as Britain's "greatest sportsman" after claiming the first distance 'triple-double'.
A devoted Ariana Grande fan died in the suicide bomb attack at the US singer's concert at Manchester Arena.
James McKeown saved a stoppage-time penalty to earn Grimsby a point against Luton.
Judgement has been reserved in a Sinn Féin MLA's legal battle with an insurance firm over its refusal to to provide cover for a libel award against him.
Plaid Cymru would create 50,000 apprenticeships if it wins power in May's assembly election, the party has announced.
A newborn baby girl who was found abandoned on a street bench in Edinburgh is "doing well", the hospital has confirmed.
Demolition teams have moved in to the port of Calais in France on Tuesday to break down more shelters in the migrant camp known as the "Jungle".
Short-term lender Wonga has swapped its controversial puppets for "hard-working dinner ladies and mums" as it bids to reinvent itself with new adverts.
A winding-up petition against Leyton Orient has been dismissed at a High Court hearing in London.
Rangers and Falkirk splashed the cash, but it was promotion rivals Hibernian who stole the headlines during January with the capture of Anthony Stokes on loan from Celtic.
The first known death in the US to the Zika virus has been recorded in Puerto Rico, say health officials.
Tech giant Yahoo will now replace online leader Google as the default search engine on Firefox's internet browsers in the US.
Archaeologists believe they may have found the remains of a house where people who built Avebury stone circle may have lived.
Stories of acts of kindness are emerging in the wake of the Manchester attack, with many people from the community rushing to help - offering free lifts home and rooms for the night.
You could be forgiven for skipping over yet another article talking about a talented international goalkeeper who courts the cameras, dates the trendiest singers, lands himself in hot water through his bad behaviour and gets big money.
Wales women's pairs have won gold at the World Bowls Championships in Christchurch with victory over New Zealand in the final.
The new Devon and Cornwall police and crime commissioner has faced fresh criticism for taking the role while subject to an expenses investigation.
Essex's batsman put their side in a good position after Surrey's Kumar Sangakkara fell for exactly 200 on day two of their County Championship match.
Bomb disposal experts were called to an incident at a block of flats in Fort William on Friday evening after an "unidentified device" was found.
Giraffes are the tallest mammals on Earth, but their numbers have dropped so low that they're now vulnerable to extinction.
A summer move may have caused Graeme Shinnie to enter the Europa League qualifiers at an earlier stage but the Aberdeen player insists it has only enhanced his first foray into continental competition.
The UN's humanitarian chief has said he is "horrified" by the attacks on civilians taking place in Syria.
A man and a woman have denied the murder of a 21-year-old who was stabbed.
A "ready made" ward is to be craned onto the roof of a Somerset hospital to help cope with winter demand.
More than four hundred people have visited a health centre for screening for blood-borne viruses after 22,000 dental patients were recalled.
Garath McCleary struck an early double as Reading thumped Wigan to hand Warren Joyce a nightmare start as the new Latics manager.
Plans for a devolved aviation tax have passed the first legislative hurdle after a vote at Holyrood.
The president of the Prison Governors Association has attacked the government's management of prisons in England and Wales.
Raith Rovers twice pegged back their hosts to secure a Scottish Championship draw at the Falkirk Stadium.
A petition has been delivered seeking to ensure a hoard of Viking treasure discovered in Galloway goes on display in Kirkcudbright.
Scientists in Spain have received funding to test whether an extinct mountain goat can be cloned from preserved cells.
Rail passengers should not have to stand for more than 20 minutes during a journey, minister Clare Perry has said
Asian women who have made a significant contribution to Welsh life have been celebrated at an event in Cardiff.
A collector has been found guilty of capturing and killing the UK's rarest butterfly.
The trial of a man accused of murdering a pensioner in the street has heard he "had no motive" to kill him.
A victim who was sexually abused as a young child by a former Bishop of Chichester who died in the 1950s has received compensation from the Church.
The former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has pleaded not guilty to two charges, including one of fraud, in relation to his purchase of the club in 2011.
John Robertson is the new manager of Inverness Caley Thistle, returning to the club he left almost 13 years ago.
Rob Miller scored two tries as Wasps beat Northampton to boost their top-four hopes while also sealing leaders Saracens' place in the play-offs.
A woman has died from her injuries five days after a car crash in Berkshire.
The maximum value of gifts sent from the Channel Islands to the UK without incurring VAT has dropped.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in June.
Bafta show host Stephen Fry appears to have deleted his Twitter profile in the wake of his controversial comments during Sunday night's show.
Plans to build a high-wire adventure course in a Leeds park are being opposed by local residents.
Motorists are counting the cost after a trail of car damage was left on a street in Torfaen.
The Swiss banking group UBS says that up to 1,500 of its jobs in London may be moved abroad once the UK leaves the European Union.
Gloucestershire's failure to secure an "enterprise zone" for the county is not a reflection on local businesses, the government has said.
A 13-year-old girl who made hoax calls to police has been made to read an apology to the 999 call handler supervisor.
US basketball player Kobe Bryant has been fined $100,000 (£61,000) for using a homophobic slur during an NBA game on Tuesday.
Facebook has overestimated how much video people have watched for the last two years, the firm has admitted.
Supermarkets in south Wales have been forced to throw out large amounts of fresh food as their fridges failed.
A South African game reserve where an Aberdeen woman was attacked by a cheetah has been cleared of any wrongdoing.
A former nightclub gutted by fire is to be demolished.
Hospitals and health trusts in England have been told by regulators to look again at their financial plans as current ones are unaffordable.
Four men have been arrested and charged after an operation aimed at tackling human trafficking and serious organised crime in West Lothian.
No officers were deployed to search for a vulnerable teenager who was later found dead, the police watchdog said.
US lawmakers have approved a long-delayed free trade agreement with South Korea, calling it the most significant in 16 years.
Ospreys centre Josh Matavesi has been cited for an alleged dangerous tackle during Boxing Day's 27-26 Pro12 win at Scarlets in the west Wales derby.
CCTV footage of a man being stabbed in what police have called a "frenzied and unprovoked" attack in east London has been released.
A head teacher kept a seven-foot (2.1m) boa constrictor and tarantulas in his school office without checking if they posed a risk to children, government inspectors found.
The turnaround completed by England to beat India so convincingly in Mumbai and Kolkata after the big defeat in Ahmedabad is truly remarkable.
Some 150 tonnes of rubbish has been dumped near a popular steam railway attraction in Shropshire.
Plymouth Argyle are preparing for Saturday's derby against Exeter with some warm-weather training in Spain.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has told President Vladimir Putin that reports of Russian tanks moving into Ukrainian territory are unacceptable.
Sinn Féin is to meet next week to select a fourth candidate in Fermanagh and South Tyrone for this year's assembly election.
A fifth sperm whale has washed up on the east coast of England.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Stephen Lawrence Centre and a youth charity in south London - on Catherine's last day of official events before the birth of her second child.
BBC Scotland research has shown that difficulties with GP recruitment have led to more doctors' surgeries being taken over by health boards.
A "disproportionate" number of Wales' rural schools have closed in the past decade, the Conservatives have claimed.
Plans to improve the notorious Haudagain roundabout in Aberdeen with a new dual carriageway link have gone on show.
A faulty data broadcast is causing problems for Lexus car owners in the US.
Iran's foreign minister has confirmed he sent a message on Twitter wishing Jews a happy new year.
ITV has apologised after a poll on Loose Women about rape offended viewers.
Nottingham Forest have confirmed that midfielder Henri Lansbury will stay with the Championship club.
Venezuela's parliament has passed a motion defending its president, Diosdado Cabello, against what it described as "a campaign of lies by national and international media".
The government's promise to reduce net migration by 2015 includes measures that have made it more difficult for people from outside Europe to join family members in the UK, creating tough choices for some British residents.
As Scarlett Keeling's family spend their sixth Christmas without her, their lawyer says the trial of two men accused of killing her is progressing "at a snail's pace".
A video which appears to show a Syrian rebel taking a bite from the heart of a dead soldier has been widely condemned.
The man in charge of negotiating the UK's trade deals once Brexit is finalised, starts his job this week.
West Ham forward Dimitri Payet is set to rejoin former club Marseille after the clubs agreed a £25m fee.
A proposed cross-border forum on all-Ireland issues in the wake of the UK's decision to leave the EU could go ahead despite not having DUP support, Martin McGuinness says.
A six-year-old boy whose cancer diagnosis sparked a high-profile legal battle in Australia has died.
A further man has been charged in connection with the fatal stabbing of a woman, bringing the total to six.
Rotherham United goalkeeper Adam Collin has completed his switch to Aberdeen on loan until the end of the season.
Promotion-chasing Accrington Stanley have signed Preston striker Andy Little and Reading winger Tarique Fosu on loan until the end of the season.
There has been a 30% increase in the number of children in Wales prescribed antidepressants over 10 years, figures obtained by the BBC have shown.
Sinn Féin says it broke off its meeting with Secretary of State James Brokenshire because all he did was "waffle, waffle, and more waffle".
Former TV-am presenter Mike Morris has died aged 65.
South Korean prosecutors have raided Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering as part of an investigation into alleged accounting irregularities.
A massive attack that exploited a key vulnerability in the infrastructure of the internet is the "start of ugly things to come", it has been warned.
As the battle buses criss-cross West Yorkshire's closely fought parliamentary constituencies it has almost been overlooked that 128 other election battles are being fought in the same area.
It was the decade of The Empire Strikes Back and Michael Jackson's song Beat It.
The roof of the National Stadium of Wales will be closed for the 2017 Champions League final in Cardiff for safety reasons.
Poland is marking the first anniversary of the plane crash which killed President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others with rival commemorations highlighting the bitter divisions which still surround the tragedy.
Great Britain missed out on a third consecutive men's wheelchair basketball Paralympic bronze medal after losing 61-46 to the United States.
Ed Sheeran writes exclusively for BBC News about his trip to Liberia with Comic Relief and why he'll never forget the children he met there - and one young girl in particular.
India's government has rejected claims by a group of lawyers that the Taj Mahal monument was a Hindu temple.
Water companies have pocketed an £800m windfall because of poor regulation, the spending watchdog has said.
Warnings about the safety risks which tram tracks in Edinburgh pose to cyclists have been ignored, according to lawyers.
Lord Sugar is to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of internet TV service YouView.
Cirque du Soleil will be fined after an acrobat died during one of its live shows in Las Vegas in June, Nevada state officials say.
Seven out of 10 under-age drinkers caught in the Cornish holiday resort of Newquay were given alcohol by their parents, according to police.
Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri has extended his contract with the Serie A champions until the summer of 2018.
A man has appeared in court after 107 migrants were found crowded into a building in Flintshire.
A woman has been fined £50 for feeding pigeons in Swansea city centre after a council crackdown.
Northern Ireland politicians will be given more time to reach a deal to restore a power-sharing executive at Stormont, the BBC understands.
Golden State Warriors' top scorer Kevin Durant will be out "indefinitely" after injuring his knee in his side's 112-108 loss at Washington Wizards.
More still needs to be done to shift perceptions towards people with disabilities, says Wales' most successful Paralympian.
Australia's top spy has said there is no evidence of large-scale militant attacks planned against the country.
The UK's trade deficit - the difference between the amount it imports and exports - widened considerably in October, according to official figures.
Prince Charles has umpired a tug o'war competition during a visit to the Mey Highland Games.
Graduates in England have seen a fall in their median salary of more than £1,000 in the past five years, according to official statistics.
An Indian postal worker who was accused of stealing less than $1 in 1984, has been cleared by a court after nearly 350 court hearings over 29 years.
Photographs showing life in Kyleakin in Skye between the late 1950s and early 1970s feature in a new arts project.
Former Rangers and Wolves midfielder Alex Rae has become St Mirren manager after signing an 18-month contract.
Wild cat experts from Scotland are working with counterparts in the Middle East to better understand one of the world's rarest and most elusive cats.
A commission set up by Myanmar's government says it has so far found no evidence of genocide against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state.
Bath's European Champions Cup match in Toulon on Sunday has been postponed following the deadly attacks in Paris.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a university lecturer killed near a London Tube station.
A missing labradoodle named Cooper, which sparked a major hunt after boarding the wrong flight in Canada, has been reunited with his owner.
The stigma around mental health problems can have a devastating impact on people's lives, a survey has found, often leaving behind a trail of break-ups, severed friendships and lost jobs.
A minute's silence will be held before every rugby league game this weekend in memory of amateur player Adam Cooper who died during a match on Saturday.
Liverpool has been chosen as the recipient of the biggest investment into grassroots football after a £17m deal has been agreed.
A Palestinian boy who was filmed being beheaded by Syrian rebels on Tuesday was not a fighter, a pro-government Palestinian militia has said.
A coroner has recorded an open verdict at the inquest into the death of Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky.
A cross-party committee of MPs says the government's plans for a 5p charge on plastic carrier bags in England are a "complete mess".
Professional boxers could compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) refused to rule out the possibility.
Chinese authorities have begun confiscating passports from people in the western region of Xinjiang, which has seen regular unrest.
Thailand's military-picked reform council has begun a week-long debate over a new constitution, almost a year after a military coup.
Two more men have been charged in connection with a disturbance outside a nightclub in Aviemore.
A £120,000 investment has been approved to boost security at Abergavenny's Nevill Hall Hospital after a nurse was attacked on site.
Ireland's pool opponents at the Rio Olympics will include defending champions Germany and the Netherlands.
Nearly six years after MI5 and armed police dramatically disrupted an al-Qaeda plot to launch suicide attacks on shoppers in Manchester, the ringleader has finally been convicted.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has indicated that UK interest rates could rise "at the turn of this year".
A footballer shouted homophobic abuse at a man who had made a racist comment to him, a court has heard.
A farmer given a suspended four-month prison sentence last week for having 20,000 tyres along the shore fronting his farm, has said he was trying to protect his land from coastal erosion.
For a nation that has lost more than 70,000 people in 13 years to terror attacks, it is not easy to talk of watersheds.
Braintree Town have agreed to release goalkeeper Jamie Butler just 72 days after he signed for the club.
The children of one of the victims of a double murder in Castlerock in 1991 were not given a preview of ITV's drama, The Secret, based on the killings.
Victoria Police have urged Australian mooning enthusiasts to keep their pants on or risk criminal charges.
Managerless Charlton secured their third home league victory in as many matches with a 2-0 win over play-off chasing Port Vale.
A chemical explosion at a cargo warehouse in Brazil has spread toxic gas over the country's biggest port.
Deep in the jungle of the Central African Republic, about 2,000 Ugandan troops are spearheading the campaign to catch Joseph Kony.
A long-term commitment to fund flood defences along the route of the M4 relief road is needed before the scheme goes ahead, it has been argued.
Only the hardest of hearts would not be moved by the latest images of the people who have been caught up in the danger and chaos of this mass movement.
The latest Fast and the Furious film is still top dog at the US and Canada box office, having taken $60.6m (£41.4m) in its second weekend in cinemas.
Ollie Norburn's last-gasp goal saw Macclesfield end Solihull's unbeaten home run with a thrilling victory which featured three penalties in the space of seven minutes.
BBC One show Sherlock attracted more than eight million viewers for its New Year's Day special - the highest TV drama audience of the festive season.
The first of a fleet of five warships being built on the Clyde has been formally named HMS Forth.
Lewis Hamilton was pretty down after the Austrian Grand Prix, which was understandable seeing as he had just seen his championship deficit to Sebastian Vettel stretch to 20 points.
A woman has died after being stabbed in a flat in East Sussex.
The death of an 84-year-old woman whose body was found at a property in Pontefract is no longer being treated as suspicious by police.
League One leaders Sheffield United have signed Manchester United full-back Joe Riley on loan for the rest of the season.
Supporters regard the Hizmet movement inspired by US-based Turkish preacher Fethullah Gulen as the benign, modern face of Islam, but critics question its motives.
Goalkeeper Jak Alnwick is determined to finish the season with three more clean sheets as Port Vale chase an unlikely play-off place in League One.
A review of the UK's extradition laws will consider whether the current treaty with the US is "unbalanced", Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
Newspaper publisher Trinity Mirror plans to print some of its Welsh titles in London and Oxford when it closes its presses in Cardiff, BBC Wales has learned.
Illustrator Quentin Blake, who has been knighted in the New Year Honours list, is perhaps best known for the distinctive drawings that helped bring to life some of the most popular characters in children's literature.
Tributes have been paid to a 24-year-old woman who died in a car accident in Wrexham county.
More than three-quarters of shows at this year's Celtic Connections were sold out, according to organisers.
About 30,000 vulnerable children will be helped each year, in plans to be announced by Barnardo's Cymru.
The family of a missing junior doctor has said they are "overwhelmed by the support" of dozens of people who have helped to search for her along the Devon coast.
Everton are interested in signing Manchester United midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin.
One of the favourites to replace Nick Clegg as Liberal Democrat leader says he will decide whether to put himself forward "in the next few days".
New artwork inspired by large rocks that roll around the seabed of the Pentland Firth have been installed at John O'Groats.
Two right-wing MEPs have been suspended from the European Parliament for making Nazi salutes during sessions.
England Under-21s will face Portugal, Guinea, Paraguay and Japan at the Toulon Tournament later this month.
Fire crews have been called to several reports of an explosion at Anglesey.
As one of the best young Para-swimmers in the country, Hayley Milne stands out.
Dermot O'Leary and Emma Willis are to present this year's Brit Awards, organisers have announced.
Dimitri Payet produced a virtuoso performance as West Ham fought back to ease into the FA Cup quarter-finals at Championship side Blackburn.
A New Zealand court has found Mark Lundy guilty for a second time of murdering his wife and daughter.
Cardiff Met missed out on place in the Uefa Women's Champions League knock-out stages after defeat by Breidablik.
The funeral has taken place of six-year-old Donnacadh McGuire, who died in Londonderry on Tuesday.
Far beneath the ocean waves, nestling silently on cold dark sea beds around the world, lie the remains of about three million shipwrecks.
A man charged with killing his mother's boyfriend at a holiday park called it a tragic accident, a court has heard.
League One Port Vale are trying to sign on-loan striker Alex Jones permanently from Birmingham City, says chairman Norman Smurthwaite.
For many of us, the distinctive chimes of an ice cream van conjure up happy childhood memories of British summers and dripping ice lollies.
Ask people how long they want to live, and many will answer: "As long as I have my health."
More than 2,000 suspected criminals avoided prosecution in England and Wales last year because of their ill-health or age, figures have shown.
Work is due to start later in the autumn to repair a historic building in Newquay.
A Cumbria zoo is closing after councillors raised concerns about the potential for baboons to escape using a pile of rhino dung.
England's para-badminton team dominated at the European Championships by winning 18 medals in the Netherlands.
£20m a year, that is what the harvest is worth to the apple growers of the Orchard County.
The Bangladesh government is moving to relocate tens of thousands of Rohingya Muslim refugees to a vulnerable island in the Bay of Bengal.
"Prophets of doom" and "independence mongers" are taking a "warped view" of the Brexit vote, Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
There's a famous saying attributed to the founder of the Chinese Communist Party, Mao Zedong, that China and North Korea are as close as "lips are to teeth".
The end of a scheme to improve the standard of swimming among primary school children has brought a warning from the sport's governing body.
Two Tube strikes are planned for this week and look likely to cause four days of travel disruption for commuters.
Everton have re-signed Barcelona forward Gerard Deulofeu on a permanent basis after agreeing a £4.3m deal for the one-cap Spain international.
A seal was found in the back garden of a holiday home, 2km (1.2 miles) away from the sea.
A seal pup that was rescued in Conwy county is recovering well and could be released into the wild in the new year, RSPCA Cymru has said.
Hampshire youngsters Joe Weatherley and Mason Crane have signed their first professional contracts with the club.
More than twice the number of Irish passports were issued to people in Great Britain last month than in November 2015.
A dolphin has been rescued after swimming miles up the River Dee in Flintshire four days ago.
With hits like Praise You and The Rockerfeller Skank, Fatboy Slim popularised big beat in the 1990s.
A former DUP MLA has broken ranks and criticised the party leader Arlene Foster, saying the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme is an "omnishambles".
TV comedian Bob Mortimer has been awarded an honorary degree from Teesside University.
Inverness CT will open their Scottish Championship campaign at home to Dundee United when the 2017-18 gets under way on 5 August.
A woman accused of murdering her half-sister with a casserole dish had previously threatened to ram a mop down her throat, a court has been told.
Bridgend councillor Christina Rees has been picked to succeed MP Peter Hain as the Labour candidate for Neath.
A carpenter who fell to his death chose to place a scaffolding board across a void even though a friend had "warned him against it", a court has heard.
Money worries are blamed as a key cause of suicidal feelings as the Samaritans in Wales report their highest number of calls for five years.
Essex have signed New Zealand A fast bowler Matt Quinn on a three-year deal.
Wales centre Cory Allen is set to miss the rest of the World Cup after injuring his hamstring in the opening 54-9 win against Uruguay.
An education minister in Argentina has stopped waves of teachers' strikes by giving every teacher his mobile phone number and inviting them to call him.
Luton Town have made forward Elliot Lee their seventh addition of the summer after signing him on a two-year deal following his release by Barnsley.
The US Senate has adopted long-awaited reforms to give emerging economies a greater say in how the International Monetary Fund (IMF) is managed.
A company criticised for conducting tours of a New South Wales (NSW) forest where serial killer Ivan Milat buried his victims has cancelled the tours.
The Cerberus investment fund has found a buyer for one of the properties it repossessed from the businessman Gareth Graham, the High Court has heard.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has apologised for publishing the wrong information about the reading, writing and maths skills of Northern Ireland university students.
Benedict Cumberbatch's versatility shows no end as he gears up for another offbeat role.
Lawyer Gloria Allred has urged US comedian Bill Cosby to waive the statute of limitations to allow women alleging he sexually abused them to "obtain justice".
Talks have been held between rail bosses and politicians over disruption to Sussex train services as a result of the upgrade to London Bridge station.
A little-used chapel is to host what is thought to be its first public mass.
Chelsea midfielder Willian has signed a new four-year contract with the club.
Bournemouth will assess the fitness of midfielder Dan Gosling, who has missed three games with a calf problem.
A child monitoring phone app funded by the South Korean government has major security flaws, a new report says.
It's the final frontier, according to actress Amy Poehler - but the action in Pixar's latest animation, Inside Out, doesn't take place in space, but in the caverns of the human brain, as the emotions of an 11-year-old girl, Riley, go on an adventure inside her head.
Dermot O'Leary will no longer host ITV's The X Factor after eight years on the programme.
The siege of a gunman suspected of seven killings in southern France is nearing its end, police sources say.
An iconic Cold War British Vulcan bomber has made its final flight over Welsh skies.
Sexting cases involving children should not always be handled with a full-scale criminal investigation, new police advice says.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has launched a competition to find a woman aged between 18 and 23 to mentor for a year.
Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt has called for a by-election in Upper Bann after a press standards body ruled voters had been misled about a poll published in a local newspaper.
RHI at Stormont - Watch the key moments in 60 seconds.
A water company could face a financial penalty of £176m for failings in customer services and managing sewerage systems, BBC South East has learned.
Leicester Tigers will look to reach their first European Cup final since 2009 when they meet French side Racing 92 at Welford Road on Sunday.
A brawl involving about 50 young people on Margate beach led to the air ambulance being called to help an injured teenage boy.
Rockets fired from northern Syria have killed four Syrians, three of them children, in the Turkish border town of Kilis, local officials say.
A former mayor of Glastonbury has been jailed for 42 months for his involvement in a foreign currency exchange scam.
More than half of Harvard University's next student intake will not be white, for the first time in its 380-year history, official figures show.
Friends and family members of Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped two years ago say they have identified some of them in a new video obtained by CNN.
Spain's anti-austerity party, Podemos, says it is suspending negotiations over forming a government with the Socialists as the country struggles to resolve inconclusive elections.
Russell Slade believes Cardiff's first league win of the season against Wolves can lift the team's confidence after a turbulent previous season.
A new approach is needed to tackle poverty, a report into the most deprived community in Wales has suggested.
Northern Ireland's friendly against Uruguay is to be shown live on the BBC.
Legal highs are a "major factor" behind a sharp rise in rates of violence at a prison to almost double that of similar jails, a report has found.
British Paralympic table tennis champion Will Bayley and Rio 2016 team-mate Ross Wilson both won singles gold at the PTT Bayreuth Open in Germany.
The former MP Michelle Gildernew has been dropped as a Sinn Féin candidate for the Fermanagh and South Tyrone constituency in the Stormont elections.
A 16-year-old boy who was stabbed in Birmingham has died, prompting a murder investigation.
A prostate cancer patient has been hailed a "total hero" after a photo of him in his underwear showing his catheter bag went viral.
A medieval ship discovered on the banks of the River Usk in Newport in 2002 may have come from the Basque country in Spain.
Gavin Henson "still has an edge" that can boost Newport Gwent Dragons when he joins them for 2017-18 from Bristol, says head coach Kingsley Jones.
The maiden flight of the world's longest aircraft has been postponed at the last minute because of a "technical issue".
Health officials in Brazil say there has been a sharp rise in the cases of yellow fever in the country.
Motorists in Westminster who sit in a stationary car with the engine running and refuse to turn it off are to be fined £20.
A renewed appeal to find the men who shot a seven-year-old boy and his mother on their doorstep a year ago has been launched.
A van driver has admitted killing mother-of-three Karina Menzies in a series of hit-and-run incidents around Cardiff in October.
The Confederation of African Football voted on Tuesday to remove an age limit on its officials, paving the way for Issa Hayatou to stay on as president.
An Aberystwyth University glaciologist is to be awarded a Polar Medal.
Two bosses at a Kent hospital foundation trust put into special measures last year have resigned.
A leading health research charity says drugs companies may "retreat" from dementia research without more support.
Police in Australia have received allegations of sexual abuse at a school attended by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
A Highland Council administration made up of independent, Liberal Democrat and Labour councillors has been agreed.
Apple has failed in its attempt to get a Chinese company's voice-recognition patent ruled invalid.
The death of the world's biggest celebrities made them some of Britain's most searched-for stars in 2014.
Bournemouth forward Sam Surridge has joined League Two side Yeovil Town on a season-long loan deal.
Northern Ireland parties have been arguing over the prospect of a second Stormont election within two months, but they now have another challenge.
The last time an old order collapsed in the Middle East it seemed obvious who should be invited to construct a new one.
A new primary school is to be built in the Maryhill area of Glasgow to meet a projected rise in the school roll.
The newly-crowned winner of a German TV singing contest has admitted in court to defrauding pensioners.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark admits he needs to quickly find the answers to his team's struggling form.
A woman has been reunited with her wedding and engagement rings after losing them on a beach in Dorset.
The list of 200 charges Gary Haggarty has admitted runs to 82 pages.
China says it has successfully landed a craft carrying a robotic rover on the surface of the Moon, the first soft landing there for 37 years.
A convoy of self-driven cars has completed a 200km (125-mile) journey on a Spanish motorway, in the first public test of such vehicles.
A suicide bomber has targeted a bank in the northern Iraqi town of Haditha, killing at least nine people.
Bristol Rovers strengthened their promotion hopes with victory over AFC Wimbledon, their third in a row.
Somali security forces have retaken control of a popular beachside restaurant in Mogadishu after a deadly attack there by Islamist militants.
James McClean's late equaliser earned West Brom a share of the points as they refused to accept defeat at Chelsea.
The Welsh Tories need a designated leader that can make key decisions for the party, Andrew RT Davies has said.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers accepted his future at the club is in doubt after Steven Gerrard's final match ended in a humiliating defeat.
British number two Aljaz Bedene says he had to employ a strength and conditioning coach to specifically prepare him for grand slam tennis.
Fresh talks aimed at ending the dispute over a new contract for junior doctors in England will get under way later.
The Independent newspaper has given its backing to another coalition of the Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties after the general election.
Stormont's 2016/17 budget is "bereft of strategic planning", Alliance Party leader David Ford has said.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Breast cancer sufferers in Scotland have been denied routine access to a treatment which is available to patients south of the border.
A driver who knocked down and killed two sisters on a pedestrian crossing has been jailed for four years.
A man has been stabbed during an incident in Glasgow which involved up to 10 people.
The New York Times "should be hanging its head in shame" over a report on the California balcony collapse, former Irish President Mary McAleese has said.
Two golfers from Norfolk have achieved a 25 million-to-one double hole-in-one at the same hole.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has approved stringent new counter-terrorism laws to fight a growing jihadist insurgency.
The SNP will set out details of its plans on council tax reform next week, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said.
A father from Wishaw has told BBC Scotland of his shock at witnessing the immediate aftermath of the Manchester bomb attack - as he desperately tried to find his daughter.
One of the wealthiest aristocrats in the UK has been banned from driving after amassing 24 points on his licence.
Three impending executions in Oklahoma have been halted after prison officials nearly administered the wrong lethal injection drug to a death row inmate.
As Technology of Business begins a month-long series of features on the theme of Big Data, we kick off with a Q&A backgrounder answering some of those basic questions you were too afraid to ask.
Christmas sales figures are likely to be "acceptable" rather than "exceptional", the British Retail Consortium (BRC) has predicted.
Police have made an arrest after the death of a man who was found with head injuries at a house in County Kildare.
At least three people have died when a bomb exploded at a camp in north-eastern Nigeria for people who have fled their homes because of the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency.
Everton FC are to restore the club's motto to their crest after its removal prompted outrage from thousands of fans.
Fife-based paper maker Tullis Russell has gone into administration with the loss of 325 jobs, and putting a further 149 at risk.
Carl Frampton must fight Cuban Guillermo Rigondeaux by 27 July to avoid being stripped of one of his two world super-bantamweight titles.
A parachutist who died performing a jump in Lancashire was attempting a "complicated manoeuvre", the man investigating his death has said.
Houses let out to groups for stag and hen weekends are to be the subject of a council investigation amid complaints about noise and anti-social behaviour.
Colchester United defender Tom Eastman has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two side.
A stoppage-time equaliser by captain Jimmy Smith denied Carlisle a crucial victory in their play-off challenge as Crawley salvaged a draw at home.
Alex Hales hit 83 and Joe Root 80 as England reached 310-6 against Sri Lanka on day one of the second Test.
A student leader from a top university in India charged with sedition may be expelled from campus, reports say.
Sinn Féin has announced that Michelle O'Neill is to replace Martin McGuinness as its leader north of the border.
Figures obtained by the BBC challenge claims that investigations into Troubles killings are unduly focused on those committed by the Army.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a young man suffered "shocking" racial abuse while walking on Hawick's High Street.
A 46-year-old pedestrian has died nine days after being struck by a car on the A82 in Inverness.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has praised the finishing of Liam Marshall after he scored four tries in Thursday's 38-16 win at Warrington.
Huddersfield have signed Super League Grand Final-winning utility back Jordan Turner on a three-and-a-half-year deal after he was released by Canberra.
Eurozone finance ministers say they have agreed with Greece the main elements of a deal to unlock a delayed bailout payment.
Malawians have voted in a tight election, with President Joyce Banda facing three strong challengers.
The father of one of the two teenagers killed in a County Down car crash has said they lived life to the full and had become inseparable friends.
A group of school students will be the first team from Europe to take part in a big solar powered car race in Australia.
Two men have been remanded in custody over the theft of a fire engine in County Antrim.
A group of Kenyan Muslims travelling on a bus ambushed by Islamist gunmen protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses.
A former Goldman Sachs board member has been released after serving a two year sentence for insider trading in the US.
Ireland's hopes of qualifying for the Test Challenge - and the chance to become a full-member nation of the ICC - suffered a serious blow as they slumped to an innings and 172-run defeat by Afghanistan in Greater Noida.
Derby County's longest-serving staff member Gordon Guthrie MBE, who spent more than 60 years with the club, has died at the age of 86.
Tributes have been paid to Tony Warren, the Coronation Street creator and writer who has died aged 79.
Police have confirmed that they are currently responding to reports of a disturbance in Ashburn Gardens, Gourock, Inverclyde.
Syria's divided second city of Aleppo had endured another day of deadly clashes.
Yorkshire is "fast becoming the heartland of cycling", according to the director of the Tour de France.
The Chinese are coming and they're hungry for games companies.
There has been outrage on some front pages about the shake-up to the Lotto game announced this week.
The origins of HIV can be traced back millions rather than tens of thousands of years, research suggests.
A 16-year-old pupil has died after being stabbed at an Aberdeen school.
An NHS employee who tweeted "I would gladly blow your brains out" to Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has been suspended for 13 months.
Glamorgan's opening first-class match of the season against Cardiff MCCU drifted to a tame draw as the students battled to 149-5 on the final day.
100-year-old Don Pellman has set five world records in his age group at the San Diego Senior Olympics in America.
Michael Buble has revealed how he went from bank to bank to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars to persuade a music executive to sign him at the start of his career.
Nathan Hines is to join the Scotland coaching staff after deciding to retire at the end of the season, midway through a two-year deal with Sale.
A total of 48 passengers, including children, have been rescued from a boat after it struck a rock and was in danger of sinking off Pembrokeshire.
Cardiff City have had a bid for Preston North End defender Greg Cunningham turned down.
The chairman of a mental health trust has said it is "unacceptable" that children have had to be admitted to adult wards because of a beds shortage.
Schools are facing new restrictions on which teachers can drive school minibuses.
Hillary Clinton has dismissed as "ridiculous" a charge by Bernie Sanders that she is "unqualified" to be president, as tensions rise in the Democratic race.
The leading Democrat in the US Senate says he will lead an attempt to block President Donald Trump's nomination for the Supreme Court.
At least three clubs are at risk of missing a self-imposed deadline to improve access for disabled fans, the Premier League has said.
Families are being forced out of their local areas as more buyers seek second homes in rural locations, the National Housing Federation has warned.
Britain's Jonathan Rea overcame wet conditions in Germany to secure victory and move 47 points clear in the World Superbike Championship standings.
A UN Human Rights Council report has criticised the Prevent counter-terror strategy as "inherently flawed."
Traders at one of the UK's largest wholesale markets say prices for imports from the EU are up by as much as 40% owing to the drop in the value of the pound.
Danny Willett has split with caddie Jonathan Smart just over a year after winning the Masters at Augusta.
Taiwan's ex-President Chen Shui-bian - who is already in jail for corruption - has been given an additional sentence for money-laundering and forgery.
Squatters who turned an Oxford building into a homeless shelter have been given temporary permission to stay.
Charlton Athletic winger Cristian Ceballos has joined Sint-Truiden on a three-year contract.
A travelling theatre that performs from a canal boat is making its way through the West Midlands this summer.
Azerbaijan's parliament has approved a new law which makes insulting the country's president on social media a criminal offence.
Former New Zealand forward Sione Lauaki has died at the age of 35.
A man who threw a bottle that struck a man celebrating being told he was in remission from leukaemia has been jailed.
Police have refused to say if they are still pursuing a bogus business school owner who has been on the run for three months.
Armagh and Fermanagh have been handed 5,000 Euro fines following the half-time disturbances in last weekend's Football League Division 2 game.
The Northern Ireland Survivors and Victims of Institutional Abuse group (Savia) are meeting Catholic primate Cardinal Sean Brady.
Italy's parliament has approved a plan to send naval boats to Libya as part of efforts to stop migrants crossing the Mediterranean Sea.
(Close): London's main share index has closed at a record level for the 11th day in a row - a feat it has never managed before.
Togo won their second straight 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier when triumphing 2-0 in Djibouti but did so without star striker Emmanuel Adebayor.
North Wales Police has recruited two keen and eager new members - crime-fighting puppies Luna and Diesel.
Former Premier League managers Sir Alex Ferguson and Harry Redknapp were well known for their love of wine, but none of them went so far as to own a vineyard or winery.
A DUP MLA has offered to let reporters see her bank statements to prove she is not benefiting financially from the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) Scheme.
Sting is to join the likes of Ray Davies, Van Morrison and Sir Tim Rice when he becomes one of the recipients of the BMI Icon award next month.
A patient says she would rather "die at home" than be cared for at a hospital in Nottinghamshire.
The Champions Cup has delivered a finale full of intrigue, a cliffhanger climax to end a humdinger of a tournament.
Careers services for young people in England show a "worrying deterioration", MPs are warning.
Mexican security forces have found 19 bodies in mass graves in the northern state of Chihuahua.
More than 170 inmates have escaped from a Haitian prison in Arcahaie, 45km (30 miles) north of the capital Port-au-Prince.
Kenya's winner of the 2012 Boston Marathon, Wesley Korir, who came fifth this year, has told the BBC of his fear after hearing of the deadly blasts.
One of the suspected masterminds of the cafe attack in Dhaka, Bangladesh in July in which 20 hostages died has been killed in a shootout, police say.
The broadband industry's watchdog has announced new rules to help subscribers quit their contracts if their speeds are too slow.
A Mumbai court has cleared veteran Bollywood actor Dilip Kumar, 94, in the 18-year-old case of a bounced cheque.
Tottenham defender Ben Davies has been ruled out of Wales' World Cup qualifier with Serbia on 12 November.
When a man in a wheelchair detonated a small home-made bomb in Beijing's international airport in July, he momentarily captured the world's attention.
China's biggest online search engine Baidu missed analysts' expectations as profits took a hit from investment redirected elsewhere.
A £3m dedicated unit to help new mothers with serious mental health problems is to be set up in Norwich.
Premier League newcomers Huddersfield Town are "more than happy with being written off", according to captain Tommy Smith.
Islamic State (IS) has published images of what appears to be the destruction of the Temple of Baalshamin at the ancient ruins of Palmyra in Syria.
A man is in a critical condition after the number of cases of Legionnaires' disease in Stoke-on-Trent reached 11.
The silver Mercedes train marches on, but the first grand prix of the 2016 Formula 1 season will be remembered as one that Ferrari threw away.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling 25m (82ft) from the top of a rock face in Herefordshire.
Nearly 200,000 people have signed a petition to get a despondent polar bear moved from Argentina to Canada.
Vladimir Putin has admitted for the first time that the plan to annex Crimea was ordered weeks before the referendum on self-determination.
School transport charges for students with special educational needs are being considered by Derbyshire County Council.
A 24-year-old motorcyclist killed after a collision with a car in Perthshire has been named by police.
Porsche says Fast and Furious actor Paul Walker was responsible for his own death in a high-speed crash of a 2005 Carrera GT.
A "radical" review of the business rates system in England has been launched, with its findings due in time for the Budget in 2016.
History has a strange way of imposing itself upon the present.
A former army instructor who spoke to a young soldier at Deepcut barracks moments before she died has said no-one interviewed him after her death.
Defender Ryan Dickson has extended his stay at Yeovil Town by two more years.
Thousands of people have defied a curfew in Indian-administered Kashmir to attend the funeral of a schoolboy whose body was found riddled with pellet wounds, local media report.
An investigation is under way into a collision between a ferry and a trawler which has left a teenage fisherman lost in the North Sea.
The head of a key US congressional investigation into alleged Russian hacking has temporarily stepped down amid an ethics inquiry into him.
The King of Spain has asked acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to try to form a  government after the second inconclusive election in six months.
People found carrying powerful laser pointers should be arrested, even if they are not in use, the head of the UK's aviation regulator has said.
Wasps scored three first-half tries at Kingsholm to set up their second successive win over the festive period.
The levels of the River Seine in Paris have started dropping slightly after reaching a 34-year high on Friday.
A teenager who stamped on a boy's face has been given a four-year sentence by appeal court judges after his previous sentence was deemed "unduly lenient".
Carl Frampton will make his ring return against Andres Gutierrez at Belfast's SSE Arena in a WBC world featherweight title eliminator on 29 July.
Manchester City will be without captain Vincent Kompany for at least a month after he injured a calf against Champions League opponents Dynamo Kiev.
Five men and a woman suspected of terrorism offences have been arrested in London as part of an intelligence-led investigation involving MI5.
Venezuela has donated $500,000 to US President Donald Trump's inauguration, newly released records show.
Stefan Scepovic has left Celtic to join the Spanish La Liga club Getafe on a season-long loan deal.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has called for Police and Crime Commissioners (PCC) to be scrapped.
Wales' Amy Boulden is three shots off the lead after the second round of the Women's Australian Open in Adelaide.
An Israeli court has convicted an ultra-orthodox Jew of murder over the stabbing to death of a 16-year-old girl at Jerusalem's Gay Pride parade last year.
Comedian Chris Ramsey was arrested at midnight in his underpants - but has since said he sees the funny side of the case of mistaken identity.
Aberdeen goalkeeper Danny Rogers hopes returning to the Scottish Championship on a season-long loan with Falkirk will boost his international chances.
Hooker Sam Parry scored a hat-trick as Ospreys made a winning start in the Pro12 with an eight-try bonus-point win over Italian side Zebre.
A series of attacks in Europe over the summer months has raised the number of people killed in the West by jihadists during the past three years to more than 420, writes Dr Lorenzo Vidino.
Sydney Roosters have suspended scrum-half Mitchell Pearce for eight National Rugby League games after he was filmed committing a lewd act with a dog.
An over-reliance on using computers and search engines is weakening people's memories, according to a study.
Two men have completed an epic seven-month motorcycle journey from Australia to the Isle of Man for the TT races.
Championship club Wolves have parted company with head coach Walter Zenga after just 87 days in charge.
A candidate in Uganda's presidential elections has promised to repatriate the remains of the former dictator, Idi Amin, and build a museum in his honour.
New Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says Colombia winger Juan Cuadrado is part of his plans at Stamford Bridge.
Scotland's Charity Air Ambulance had to take evasive action to avoid a collision with a glider, a report has revealed.
Staff at a cinema are being balloted by a union calling for the London living wage to be paid.
Giles Martin reveals how he took The Beatles master tapes and remixed them in surround sound for the Fab Four's new video collection.
The death of a man who was hit by a taxi as he walked home after a night out was accidental, an inquest has heard.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has formally launched a new campus.
Six senior officials of Singapore's City Harvest megachurch have been jailed over a $50m Singapore dollar ($35m; £23m) fraud case.
A man struck by a rush-hour Tube train when it is believed he bent down to pick up a bag is in a stable condition in hospital, police have said.
The UK economy will grow more slowly in the next five years than had been expected in November, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has said.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright has indicated he would be interested in the Rangers job but insists such a scenario is "all hypothetical".
The prime minister of Iceland has been accused of hiding millions of dollars of investments in his country's banks behind a secretive offshore company.
A £350,000 project is set to link four cultural venues across Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire in a bid to increase tourism and boost the local economy.
Cheltenham Town have signed Finland international centre-back Daniel O'Shaughnessy after a two-week trial.
The UK government is considering plans to import wind power from Ireland to the National Grid via cables under the Irish Sea to north and west Wales.
Man-of-the-match Sam Warburton spoke of his pride after lifting his first trophy as Wales captain.
A pensioner from south Wales is at the centre of a police hunt after vanishing during a coach holiday to the Isle of Wight.
Yemen's Houthi rebels say they are open to working with other political factions, after taking over power in a move denounced by rivals as a coup.
Royal Marine Sergeant Alexander Blackman has been sentenced to life by a court martial for murdering an insurgent in Afghanistan.
Rory McIlroy is taking nothing for granted despite carrying a six-shot lead into the final round of the Open at Royal Liverpool.
There was a point in the Olympic Stadium on Saturday evening, at about 9.20pm, when you wanted to put the world on pause and just revel in it all for a moment before the next wonderful thing caught you round the chops.
Scott Brash, part of Team GB's Olympic gold-medal winning showjumping team at London 2012, will miss the Rio Games.
Homes in West Lothian have been flooded for the second time in four days, after the same water main burst again.
The Voice Kids kicked off on Saturday night with singers aged 7-14 facing blind auditions in front of judges Danny Jones, Pixie Lott, and will.i.am.
Wakefield scored three second-half tries as they came from behind to beat Leigh Centurions and deny the visitors a first Super League away win.
The world's largest dairy producer, Fonterra, said it plans to cut 523 jobs in the face of tumbling dairy prices.
The BBC has launched The Year of Song and Dance 2015, which will include new programmes and live performances on BBC Two, BBC Four and Radio 3.
A lorry driver asleep at the wheel and a car thought to be carrying £100,000 of cocaine were among the discoveries made during a police crackdown on motoring offences.
Wales back Liam Williams hopes to win "a couple more trophies" after his move to Saracens in the summer.
No play was possible on day three of Durham's County Championship Division Two meeting with Worcestershire.
Running in looping coils, razor-wire now stretches along part of Macedonia's border with Greece.
The chief veterinary officer for Northern Ireland has said NI beef is safe to eat.
Young midfielder Alex Perry has signed a first professional contract with Championship side Bolton Wanderers.
A man who killed a policeman before holding authorities at bay for 18 hours has been shot dead in Australia.
A rare sea turtle found washed up on a Welsh beach has died despite medical treatment at Bristol Aquarium.
As India and Pakistan celebrate 70 years of independence, Andrew Whitehead looks at the lasting legacy of the Partition of British India, and the turmoil and trauma which marred the birth of the two nations.
Mobile network EE has announced a TV service that lets up to three phones or tablets be used to watch different live programmes in the home simultaneously, while a television screens a fourth.
A hard Brexit could have drastic consequences for the legal profession in Northern Ireland, according to the International Bar Association.
Kilmarnock moved into the top half of the Premiership courtesy of an entertaining draw at Dens Park.
At least 22 people have been killed after a bus they were travelling in collided with a truck in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
The alleged sexual assault of a 15-year-old girl by five or six males was streamed on Facebook Live, according to Chicago Police.
The Queen has acknowledged the difficulty of "staying calm and collected" in an "increasingly challenging world".
Wales has a new cross-bench peer.
At least nine people have been killed in an explosion at a fireworks factory in the western Indian state of Maharashtra, police say.
A Scottish business leader has stepped up calls for a migration system that can fill skills gaps after Britain pulls out of the EU.
Punjabi Sikh women with drinking problems are less likely to come forward for help because of the fear of stigma and shame, a West Midlands alcohol support group says.
A first event has been held at a Victorian pier pavilion in the Vale of Glamorgan after a £4.2m refurbishment.
China has sacked a top official responsible for overseeing state-owned companies amid a corruption probe, Chinese media say.
Thirty-five members and former members of West Midlands Police are being investigated over events that led to a woman's murder in Birmingham.
A man was stabbed to death and three others suffered "life-threatening injuries" during a disturbance in Essex.
A British-based company that made smartphones costing thousands of pounds will be liquidated after a plan to save it failed.
A badger on an airport runway forced a passenger plane to abort its landing.
Scientists have predicted the odds of women developing breast cancer by looking for tiny errors in their DNA.
Four drivers are being treated in hospital after being injured in a crash involving three lorries and a van on the M8.
The body of a German tourist has been recovered from a ravine after he fell while visiting the ancient site of Machu Picchu in the Peruvian Andes.
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo has won the world famous Ballon d'Or footballer award for a fourth time.
The UK's Daily Mail newspaper has agreed to pay damages and costs to the first lady of the United States over an article about her modelling career.
Twin baby aye-ayes have been born in captivity at Bristol Zoo for the first time.
An FBI employee with top secret security clearance has pleaded guilty to acting as an "agent of the Chinese government", the US says.
Videomakers Ethan and Hila Klein, who run the YouTube channel h3h3 Productions, have won a legal battle over copyright in online video.
MPs have criticised the "chasm" between the number of reported cases of female genital mutilation (FGM) in the UK and the number of prosecutions.
Two British medical students have been stabbed to death in Borneo, local police have said.
Police in Latin America and Europe have arrested 25 suspected members of the Anonymous hacking group, according to Interpol.
Twins Molly and Megan Keher have become internet stars after nearly two million people watched a video of them secretly playing peekaboo.
Nottingham Forest owner Fawaz Al Hasawi has denied reports he is demanding a large annual salary and huge bonuses as part of any takeover deal.
The South African ambassador to Uganda, a former columnist for South Africa's Sunday Sun paper, has been found guilty of hate speech for an anti-gay article.
Many refineries have shut and almost a fifth of oil and gas production in the Gulf of Mexico has been suspended amid the largest storm to hit in the US in more than a decade.
A businessman travelled around Scotland to register the births of 26 non-existent babies as part of a benefit fraud scheme, a court has heard.
A man died after being struck in a suspected hit-and-run crash in South Tyneside.
Once upon a time long ago, two boys born in the same city in the same year grew up as neighbours - one at number four Angelina Street in the old Tiger Bay area of Cardiff, the other at number seven.
It is not often a player's entourage makes as many headlines as their on-court performance, but that is what happened to Andy Murray during his Australian Open semi-final win over Tomas Berdych.
England prop Ellis Genge has agreed a new contract with Leicester Tigers.
A complete ban on advertising unhealthy foods to children is being considered as a way to reduce childhood obesity.
Queen's athlete Emma Mitchell broke Teresa Duffy's 21-year-old Northern Ireland 5,000m record at a meeting in Solihull on Saturday night.
The family of former American football star Junior Seau has donated his brain for research into the effects of head trauma on football players.
BBC News NI has uncovered a brothel luring undocumented Asian women to Belfast with the promise of work to pay off people smugglers.
The Channel Islands Cricket League will be reinstated this summer to give players more variety of opposition.
Taliban militants have launched a co-ordinated attack on the northern Afghan city of Kunduz, officials say.
A man and woman arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found in a Southampton house have been released without charge.
Absorbing, challenging and achingly beautiful - Radiohead delivered a typically Radiohead sort of set for Glastonbury's opening night.
Everton are close to completing an £11m deal for Charlton Athletic teenager Ademola Lookman - and will then intensify their interest in Manchester United's Morgan Schneiderlin.
The Disappeared - people murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles - have been commemorated at an event in Belfast.
The last airworthy Lancaster bomber in Britain has flown for the first time since being grounded by a fire in May.
If you think fidget spinners can be dangerous toys, wait until you come across a kid playing with a toothpick crossbow - and then take cover.
Great Britain men's wheelchair basketball team clinched a third consecutive European title after beating Turkey 87-66 in the final.
Experts at the University of Edinburgh have pinpointed more than 30 infections that are likely candidates for the next major pandemic.
A man who stabbed his partner to death in a "frenzied attack" after a drunken argument has been jailed for 23 years.
The world's largest wild reindeer herd has fallen by 40% since 2000, scientists have warned.
Saracens hooker Schalk Brits has been banned for three weeks after admitting a charge of striking an opponent.
A test for the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) is to be included within the Isle of Man's cervical cancer screening programme, says the health department.
A couple from Suffolk have won £148m on the Euromillions lottery.
An Egyptian mummy case stored in a museum basement for about 50 years has been restored with the help of Lego.
London Irish players Andrew Fenby and Tom Guest have announced their retirement from professional rugby.
Up to 25 jobs are under threat at Europe's biggest granite quarry in Argyll, according to union leaders.
Facebook, Google and Twitter have agreed a deal with Germany under which they will remove hate speech posted on their websites within 24 hours.
Brain scans show that skipping breakfast makes fatty, high calorie foods appear far more attractive later in the day, according to researchers.
Alex Neil bears no grudges, but a sense of regret still lingers about his departure from Norwich City.
Essex will not replace injured New Zealand international fast bowler Adam Milne in their T20 Blast squad.
Norton have signed the Australian duo of Cameron Donald and David Johnson for the 2016 Isle of Man TT races.
As a fourth hospital in England closes its casualty ward overnight, and with more downgrades likely to follow, are the alternatives for patients sufficient?
The closure of Grantham's A&E services due to a lack of doctors is to be referred to the health secretary.
All courses on offer at a college exposed selling fraudulent security qualifications for cash have now been cancelled, the BBC has learned.
A Liverpool fan who lost consciousness in the crush at Hillsborough told the inquests he "came to" and began trying to save a teenager lying next to him.
At least 23 people have died after a tourist bus fell from a cliff near the southern Turkey seaside resort of Marmaris.
When a group of high school students in Istanbul turned their backs on their head teacher as he addressed their graduation ceremony, it was the start of a wave of protests that has spread to hundreds of schools across Turkey.
A twelve hundred year old Viking sword has been found buried in rocks in southern Norway.
A former member of the Monetary Policy Committee, Adam Posen, has predicted that the Bank of England will not change interest rates this month.
An Israeli cybersecurity firm is under pressure to reveal its involvement in efforts to extract data from an iPhone.
A footballer who lost both legs in a hit-and-run crash said he is pleased the driver responsible is "off the streets".
The leaders of the divided Greek and Turkish communities in Cyprus have resumed peace talks amid a "climate of optimism", the UN mediator says.
Manager Richie Foran says Inverness Caley Thistle must rid themselves of "two or three bad apples" after they were relegated from the Premiership.
The number of people who donated their organs after death in Scotland has almost doubled over a six-year period, according to government figures.
Bradford City have signed Rotherham United defender Tom Thorpe on loan until the end of the season.
Up to 47 jobs are at risk after a Grimsby shop confirmed it is to close after nearly 70 years of trading.
John Higgins secured his 27th ranking title with a 9-8 win over Martin Gould in the Australian Open final.
Defence officials have said that US Navy ships will accompany US-flagged commercial vessels through the Strait of Hormuz, to make sure they are not interfered with by Iran.
A ferry boat firm in Bristol is claiming a new timetable "imposed" by the council favours its rival.
The Saudi authorities have moved to curb the powers of the notorious religious police, or "mutawa".
Sir David Attenborough says his only career regret is missing out on time with his children.
He is the man who led the campaign to save Hearts Football Club from administration - winning over fans across Edinburgh.
Ahead of its exit from the European Union, the UK is currently negotiating to secure free trade agreements with several countries, but what does this kind of deal actually mean?
Djibouti's President Ismail Omar Guelleh has won a landslide victory in an election criticised by opposition parties and rights groups.
Administrators say work will not resume on an unfinished block of flats on Ipswich waterfront until 96 completed apartments are sold.
Work is beginning shortly on a new hospice building in Glasgow.
Plans to extend a potash mine at Boulby in East Cleveland are expected to create more than 270 jobs by the end of 2015, the owners said.
Darrell Ward, one of the long-haul drivers made famous on TV's Ice Road Truckers, has been killed in a plane crash at the age of 52.
Smartphones were one of the big themes of the week  - and the release of Apple's latest iPhone could well shake things up at the top end of the market.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is to become the vice-president of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND).
Labour has pledged to end the "national shame" of rough sleeping by doubling the number of homes available for use by homeless people across England.
Senior US Republicans have joined condemnation of President Donald Trump over an attack he made on Twitter against a prominent female journalist.
The nation fell silent for two minutes on Wednesday to remember the nation's war dead on Armistice Day.
The Bolivian government says its deputy interior minister has been kidnapped and killed by striking miners.
A Christmas attraction created with the help of flamboyant designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen has reopened after closing because of complaints.
What is a programme without its listeners?
(Close: London's leading shares closed up more than 1% in Thursday trading, partly thanks to strong results from Unilever.
Neil Lennon has been confirmed as the new manager of Hibernian after signing a two-year deal.
A man targeted two teenagers waiting at a bus stop by sexually touching one and exposing himself in some nearby bushes.
A painting claimed to be a previously unknown portrait of the three Bronte sisters has sold for more than £40,000 at auction.
A train hit a piece of construction equipment on the railway line near Lisburn, County Antrim, a Translink spokesperson has said.
A person has died in a house fire in Lancaster.
Some members of staff at a Jobcentre in Cardiff have been sent to hospital following a gas leak.
Police are searching for a man from the Vale of Glamorgan in connection with a Cardiff murder probe.
Online fraud has been "overlooked" by the government, police and business, according to public spending watchdog the National Audit Office.
A Hindu priest has been killed in Bangladesh, in the latest attack by Islamist militants.
The A83 at the Rest and Be Thankful in Argyll has been closed overnight as efforts continue to make safe a 150 tonne boulder on the hillside.
The German parliament has approved a resolution declaring that the mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War One was a "genocide".
Goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel has signed a new five-year deal with Premier League champions Leicester City.
The revelation the UK's new plastic £5 note contains a small amount of animal fat is "extremely offensive", a Sikh activist has said.
The first time I heard Donald Trump in Colorado call on voters who had already voted to go back and vote again, I nearly fell off my chair.
Australia batsman David Warner has apologised for punching England's Joe Root in the face in a Birmingham bar.
The death of a 14-year-old girl may have been prevented if she had received proper care at a Sussex mental health hospital, according to an inquest jury.
Former Arsenal and England winger Rachel Yankey believes that women's football attendances and participation would be on par with the men's game if it had not effectively been banned by the Football Association for 50 years.
Two Islamic school teachers who beat a 10-year-old boy with a stick for reciting the Koran incorrectly have been jailed for a year.
There is no sign of anybody triggering Article 50 to begin the UK's process of leaving the European Union.
The captain of the sunken South Korean ferry has been charged with manslaughter, reports say.
Producing half of Scotland's energy needs using renewable technology by 2030 is an achievable goal, according to a new report.
Last year the eyes and ears of the world were on London as it hosted the Olympic Games.
National League side Boreham Wood have named former Luton, Stevenage and Dagenham coach Terry Harris as the club's new assistant manager.
Lewis Hamilton beat team-mate Nico Rosberg to the fastest time as Mercedes dominated British GP first practice.
A man who bludgeoned his former best friend to death at a flat in Edinburgh has been jailed for life.
The volume of Arctic sea ice increased by around a third after an unusually cool summer in 2013.
Bristol forwards coach Mark Bakewell has said he will stay on the club's coaching staff when Pat Lam joins as head coach at the end of the season.
The Police Federation of England and Wales should be changed from "top to bottom", an independent panel has said.
Shrewsbury Town manager Paul Hurst has urged his squad to have more fun and lighten up, in a bid to help their League One relegation battle.
Goals from Gareth Evans and Eoin Doyle secured Portsmouth their second win in four days as they beat Blackpool 2-0 in their League Two clash at Fratton Park.
Peter Powell kites were the must have toy in the summer of 1976, with millions selling worldwide and their creator becoming a household name.
Shrewsbury Town will not be short of inspiration when they try to knock Manchester United out of the FA Cup.
The Indonesian government has said it will appeal against a court decision that rejected a $565m (£381m) lawsuit against a plantation company accused of causing forest fires.
The 100m is arguably the Olympic Games' most iconic event.
Two Scottish airports are actively bidding to host the UK's first spaceport, according to Infrastructure Secretary Keith Brown.
There are many conflicts taking place in the Middle East.
Prime Minister David Cameron is to meet French President Francois Hollande in Paris shortly - the latest leg in his drive to negotiate new EU membership terms for the UK.
Britons Heather Watson and Aljaz Bedene are through to the main draw of the Italian Open after victories in the second qualifying round.
A plan for 8,000 new houses in Anglesey and Gwynedd over the next 15 years has been approved by councillors on Anglesey.
Involuntary childlessness may increase the likelihood of early death, the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health reports.
India's army says it has carried out "surgical strikes" against suspected militants along the de-facto border with Pakistan in Kashmir.
Doctors have performed the first organ transplants from a newborn in the UK.
A father who killed himself and his sons in a deliberate house fire was identified by one of the boys as the culprit behind the blaze.
Eoin McHugh's late point helped Donegal snatch a 0-16 to 2-9 Division One win in Roscommon as Monaghan drew 0-7 to 0-7 with Cavan at Castleblayney
Andy White, the Scottish studio session musician who played the drums on Love Me Do and other early tracks by The Beatles, has died in New Jersey.
A record 17,500 people have turned out for the latest "anti-Islamisation" rally in the German city of Dresden, according to police estimates.
A bogus NHS boss who lied about his qualifications and raked in more than £1m has been jailed for two years.
Guyanese newspapers are free to criticise the government, although journalists are apt to exercise self-censorship.
David Cameron has shared plans to increase the number of apprenticeship programmes that big businesses offer.
A gun that is believed to have been used to shoot a mother and her seven-year-old son has been seized by police.
A sea search is under way for a 17-year-old after three teenagers were rescued after jumping off a dinghy off the North East coast.
Irish police commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan has acknowledged gardaí (police) may have acted dishonestly by inputting false breath test figures into the force's computer system
Music fans have begun setting up camp at the Glastonbury Festival after the gates opened for this year's event.
Sam Burgess has been included in England's 31-man squad for the World Cup, which starts next month.
Harrowing accounts of Nazi persecution against UK victims have been revealed in 1960s files from the National Archives, which show them claiming compensation for their suffering.
On first glance it looks like Limerick have pulled off the transfer of the century and signed Barcelona striker Neymar.
The Central African Republic's neighbours have agreed to send an extra 2,000 troops to help restore security following last month's rebel takeover.
South African number eight Cornell du Preez and Scottish hooker Neil Cochrane have signed two-year contract extensions with Edinburgh.
A Glasgow neighbourhood is being encouraged to create a window display in their home to help turn the area into an outdoor evening gallery.
Police officer Des Hansson could not contain his excitement when water began to flow through the dry bed of the McKinlay River.
Former NFL and rugby league player Jarryd Hayne is in Fiji's squad for this weekend's final round of the World Rugby Sevens Series in London.
Pregnant women who ask for a Caesarean delivery should be allowed to have the operation, even if there is no medical need, according to new guidelines for England and Wales.
Three people have died in a shooting near a swimming pool in Lincolnshire, police have said.
Edinburgh's art festival has begun its "most ambitious" programme yet, with 45 exhibitions showing in 30 of the city's museums and galleries during August.
Paul di Resta is to stay as Williams reserve driver for a second season in 2017.
Beauty rituals may not be the first thing you think about in relation to mental health, but when an American hairdresser told her story about a teenage client with depression, thousands responded.
The family of a west Belfast man who was killed 20 years ago have called for a fresh investigation into his death.
Mesut Ozil scored a stunning late goal as a resilient Arsenal came back from 2-0 down to beat Ludogorets Razgrad and reach the Champions League knockout stages.
Viewers have been complaining about Love Island - but not for the reason you might think.
Harry Ellis admits he still "feels numb and in shock" after securing his spot at The Open in July by winning the British Amateur Championship.
It is 20 years since South Africa held its first non-racial elections which ended white rule and saw the transfer of power to the African National Congress.
Cyrus Christie scored his first goal of the season to help Derby beat Sheffield Wednesday and extend their unbeaten run against the Owls to 17 matches.
A final attempt by Labour to give Wales more power to ban fixed-odds betting terminals has been defeated in the House of Commons.
Children's social workers on a council that "missed chances" to save a four-year-old boy's life say they need more staff to cope with rising caseloads.
An 18-month-old family dog is unable to walk after burglars repeatedly kicked it in the head, police said.
An Australian cattle worker whose thumb was severed by a bull has had his toe surgically transplanted in its position.
Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale will have ankle surgery next Tuesday and is expected to be out for four months.
The man who died in a two-car collision in north Wales has been named as 19-year-old Trystan Rhun Roberts.
The nuclear industry is looking at how it might use technologies being used in the decommissioning of North Sea oil and gas installations.
Two companies have been announced as the combined preferred bidder to operate a £91m arena in Bristol.
Donald Trump is taking to the television airwaves, and his first advert prominently features his controversial call for temporarily halting the entry of all Muslim into the US and a border wall "paid for by Mexico".
Hearts have sacked head coach Ian Cathro after seven months in charge.
Russia has accused the European Union of imposing "creeping" economic sanctions following Bulgaria's decision to halt construction of a gas pipeline.
Boxer Fred Evans had to settle for a silver medal as a record-breaking Olympics for Welsh competitors ended.
A Londonderry woman who lost five family members in a drowning tragedy off the Irish coast has had an emotional meeting with the man who rescued her baby in the incident.
Spanish unemployment figures have experienced their biggest annual fall but unemployment remains at over 20%.
Staff at a fire-wrecked pub in Northampton have been praised by a fire officer for their quick actions in helping customers to safety.
A collection of 70 historic keyboards belonging to a concert pianist has sold for more than £835,000 at auction.
Mae dyn wedi ei gael yn euog o dreisio ac o ddynladdiad merch ysgol 15 oed yn Y Fflint yn 1976.
It could be a scene from a science fiction movie.
Nick Kyrgios secured the Hopman Cup for Australia Green by beating Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3 6-4 to give his team a 2-0 victory over Ukraine in Perth.
Cliftonville became the first club to win the League Cup four years in a row by beating Ards in Saturday's final.
Oscar nominee Isabelle Huppert says women's voices need to be heard more clearly in the film world.
Russia's "gay propaganda" law is discriminatory and encourages homophobia, the European Court of Human Rights has ruled.
A train made a return journey from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport without passengers in a dispute over a new service.
Thousands of insurance policy "add-ons" only produce a handful of claims, new data shows, raising renewed concerns over their value.
The home village of Olympic gold medallist Chris Mears has installed a golden cardboard postbox as a tribute to his Rio 2016 success.
Hong Kong's Chief Executive CY Leung says he will not resign, but has offered talks between his government and pro-democracy protesters.
If you thought you were hardworking, you might want to think again.
Principality Building Society has announced a dip in its profits for 2015, after a record the year before.
A design concept which turns homes into power stations has the potential to cut household fuel bills by more than 60%, according to a report.
Shares in Italy's third largest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, closed 7.4% lower on Thursday as the markets awaited news of a rescue.
Police divers have been searching for a missing Dorchester man who was last seen on Weymouth beach.
Scottish Health Secretary Alex Neil has been asked to investigate a reported catalogue of problems at NHS Grampian.
The leader of Scottish Labour has insisted that she thinks the party can win next month's general election.
World number one Serena Williams will face Victoria Azarenka in Sunday's BNP Paribas Open final at Indian Wells.
England opener Haseeb Hameed shook off a hand injury to make a confident 47 as Lancashire edged a see-saw first day of the new season against Essex.
The new Minister for Agriculture and Environment, Michelle McIveen, faces many challenges.
Prosecutors have sought to put pressure on Russia to provide information about the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine in July 2014.
The US ambassador to the UN has begun a visit to the three nations worst hit by the Ebola outbreak, criticising the level of international support so far.
A baby foal has been rescued after becoming stranded from his mother on Snowdonia.
England bowler James Anderson will miss the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval after failing to recover from a side strain.
The manager of a mine where four workers drowned checked three times for any signs of water or danger the day before it flooded, a court has heard.
One Direction posed for many MANY selfies at the Aria Awards in Australia before picking up yet another award.
A 48-year-old woman who stole 905 designer handbags over a three-year period has been jailed for 18 months.
A schoolboy who killed a pensioner for allegedly abusing a girl has been given a three-year custodial sentence.
The DUP is proposing the introduction of a paedophile disclosure scheme in Northern Ireland.
A preferred site for a new community stadium for Grimsby Town Football Club has been revealed.
Police are sending letters to 37,000 homes in West Yorkshire from this week in a bid to find the mother of a baby who was found dead at a waste site.
The former First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff has told the BBC that it would be "unforgiveable" if large scale steel production ended in the UK.
Dundee United's hopes of finishing second in the Championship suffered a blow as they could only draw with lowly Dumbarton at Tannadice.
A Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) has been assaulted while trying to catch a man believed to have been involved in a stabbing in Nottingham.
Australia's border protection agency has sparked outrage with a snap announcement it would carry out visa checks on the streets of Melbourne.
League One strugglers Shrewsbury Town have re-signed Fulham defender Jack Grimmer on loan and extended the stay of Cottagers midfielder Larnell Cole.
US Open finalist Angelique Kerber says that being able to call herself the new world number one "sounds amazing".
Saudi Arabia's king has appointed his son Mohammed bin Salman as crown prince - replacing his nephew, Mohammed bin Nayef, as first in line to the throne.
The new US defence secretary has hailed Nato as the "fundamental bedrock" of trans-Atlantic co-operation, as he met defence ministers for the first time.
Carl Froch has vacated his IBF super-middleweight belt as he recovers from an elbow injury.
Legendary commentator Richie Benaud is recovering in hospital after the car he was driving hit a brick wall in Sydney.
Retail sales in Scotland have grown much more slowly over the past year than in Great Britain as a whole, according to new figures.
In the days and weeks ahead, the French police and intelligence agencies will be picking through every aspect of the terror attacks in Paris.
Wales has "broken away" from England and is now capable of setting its own agenda thanks to devolution, outgoing education minister Huw Lewis has said.
Plans for more than 140 pylons connecting Hinkley Point to Avonmouth have been accepted for examination by the government.
Derbyshire have signed New Zealand opening Test batsman Hamish Rutherford as cover for Tillakaratne Dilshan from mid-June until the end of July.
A man in his 30s has been injured in a shooting at a wedding reception in Londonderry.
The 44th annual Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta is under way in the US.
Swansea City defender Jordi Amat says their home game against Premier League relegation rivals Sunderland will be like a "final."
The Brazilian government has met to reassess security measures ahead of next month's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Ellie Downie and Dan Purvis each delivered Great Britain a bronze medal at the European Gymnastics Championships in Montpellier.
The US has lifted economic sanctions against Liberia as President Barack Obama praised the country's commitment to democracy since the end of the 2003 civil war, the White House has said.
Massive cases of corruption and voter intimidation have marred the ongoing parliamentary elections in Somalia, the auditor general has told the BBC.
A new assessment tool has been developed to help evaluate people diagnosed with dementia.
A man whose weight ballooned from 23 stone to 35 following the death of his wife has told of his struggles to obtain the treatment he feels he needs.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has sold off his remaining shareholding in the Williams team.
Everton have completed the signing of 17-year-old Bury defender Matthew Foulds for an undisclosed fee.
Doctors in Australia have reported a resurgence in patients suffering from scurvy.
A government proposal to bar HIV patients from using public bathhouses has been condemned in China as discriminatory.
On Thursday a 15-year-old Muslim boy, returning home from Eid shopping with his three brothers, was killed in a brutal assault by a mob of about 20 men on a train in the north Indian state of Haryana.
England won a thrilling decisive Test at a wet and passionate Wigan to seal a 2-1 series win over the world's top-ranked team, New Zealand.
Hong Kong bookseller Lam Wing-kee, 61, held a defiant press conference on Thursday night to reveal all about his eight-month detention in mainland China.
Police were called to a school in Inverness after a pupil was found with a knife.
A food bank featured in the Bafta award-winning film I, Daniel Blake, which was forced to close due to a vandal attack, has reopened.
Iran has confirmed some of its computer systems were infected with the Duqu trojan, but said it has found a way to control the malware.
Britain's communications intelligence agency GCHQ has issued a statement denying it wiretapped Donald Trump during the US presidential campaign.
We have asked four wise old heads what they expect to happen over the next seven weeks in the Six Nations.
The boss of Qatar Airways has vehemently rejected the findings of a 12-month probe that concluded his airline still discriminates against female staff.
Huddersfield Town are hopeful that goalkeeper Danny Ward will be fit after going off with a knock in the weekend home defeat by Newcastle.
A Rugby league club said it has been forced to move almost 30 miles (48km) away from its home city.
Motorists faced a sticky situation when a lorry shed its load of jam on the M1.
A public consultation into plans for a third offshore wind farm off the East Yorkshire coast has started.
Former Australia Test opener Chris Rogers has announced his retirement following title-chasing Somerset's final match of 2016.
A Syrian journalist who was arrested on Wednesday in Turkey has been released without charge and with no explanation as to why he was detained, he announced on Facebook.
A Facebook post asking for help to complete a retreat for veterans and service families has been shared nearly 50,000 times.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a parked car and a house.
It is coming to the end of Ramadan, when Muslims fast between dawn and sunset for a month.
A judge in the Democratic Republic of Congo has said she was pressured by the intelligence service to convict opposition politician Moise Katumbi.
A Bolivian man who was the sole survivor of a plane crash has been found alive in the Amazon jungle three days after the plane went down.
A new high speed train for the Great Western Railway's services through the Thames Valley has taken to the tracks.
Federal Reserve officials have said they may need to raise interest rates "fairly soon" if the economy stays strong, minutes of their meeting show.
Great Britain's Olympic track cycling campaign got off to a disastrous start when Victoria Pendleton and Jess Varnish were disqualified from the final of the women's team sprint.
England's Sarah Taylor made history on Saturday by becoming the first woman to play Australian first-grade cricket.
Tyrone overcame a stubborn Fermanagh side 0-14 to 0-11 to reach the Dr McKenna Cup final and stay on course for a sixth successive title.
The AA is set to launch a new insurance policy which uses sat-nav technology to track driver performance.
The replacement at the helm of India's largest conglomerate has come as both a shock and a surprise.
A mentally ill teenager who was held in a cell for two days due to a lack of hospital beds suffered "heartbreaking" failings in her care, her mother says.
The UN has said that conflicts in the Middle East are depriving more than 13 million children of an education.
Kent interim assistant coach Jason Gillespie says they can challenge for promotion to Division One of the County Championship this season.
A US serviceman has been killed by an improvised explosive device while fighting against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria, officials say.
Morpeth Town and Halifax Town caused a double upset in the first Non-League Finals Day at Wembley.
Defeated Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz has endorsed Donald Trump in the race for the White House.
Robert Snodgrass scored a 95th-minute free-kick to rescue a point for Hull City in the Premier League at Burnley.
A relatively peaceful marching season bodes well to create the right atmosphere for political talks aimed at restoring power sharing in Northern Ireland, Michele O'Neill has said.
Pop is getting a long overdue dose of politics.
Jamie Hughes believes he must improve on his 5-1 quarter-final win over Wesley Harms to reach the BDO World Championship final.
Three sailors have been rescued from an uninhabited Pacific island by the US Navy after spelling out "help" with palm fronds.
On a Baghdad street once throbbing with life, there is a soft recitation of prayers, a silent lighting of candles, and quiet sobbing at the edges of charred ruins.
Ali Carter beat Neil Robertson 5-3 in the Players Championship quarter-final in Llandudno, to set up a semi-final tie against Judd Trump on Friday.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling up to 50 metres in the Mourne Mountains.
A computer hacker who masterminded global online attacks from his bedroom has had his prison sentence reduced.
US-backed Syrian rebels say they are closing in on a town on the border with Iraq held by so-called Islamic State.
Diane Abbott has revealed she has Type 2 diabetes and that the condition is what forced her to take a break from the election campaign.
A Belfast based anti-drugs group has called for tougher laws to be introduced to deal with the sale of "legal high" drugs.
Retail sales jumped in April thanks to higher spending over Easter, although tougher times may be ahead, a survey has found.
Craig Charles has left the I'm A Celebrity jungle after the sudden death of his older brother.
David Bowie's final album, Blackstar, has been shortlisted for the 25th annual Mercury Prize.
Government workers in Zimbabwe have gone on strike over unpaid salaries because of a chronic cash shortage.
Japanese stocks closed little changed after data showed the economy dodged a recession, growing at an annual pace of 1.7% in the first quarter of the year.
Online retailer Amazon has stopped selling its Fire smartphone, just 15 months after the handset was launched.
The number of violent incidents in schools reported to Thames Valley Police more than doubled last year.
The Guernsey branch of the Co-operative Bank is to close early next year with the loss of 11 jobs.
Russia has said it will introduce a new scrappage scheme to try to boost flagging car sales.
Leicester City will not face Uefa charges after FC Copenhagen fans let off flares before Tuesday's Champions League game at the King Power Stadium.
A Swansea scientist is trialling how cognitive behavioural therapy could reduce the impact of hot flushes for breast cancer patients.
Health professionals missed "several opportunities" to safeguard an 11-month-old boy before he died of a skull fracture inflicted by his father, a serious case review has found.
Barclays is close to appointing former JP Morgan banker James "Jes" Staley as its new chief executive.
The BBC has confirmed it will launch a new virtual reality film, The Turning Forest, next week.
Journalist Martin Bashir, famous for his interviews with Princess Diana and Michael Jackson, is rejoining the BBC as its religious affairs correspondent.
Aleksandar Mitrovic rescued a point for Newcastle against relegation rivals Sunderland as a fiercely contested Tyne-Wear derby ended in a draw.
The Scottish government says it is working closely with health officials following a global cyber hack.
In a few weeks' time, British astronaut Tim Peake will be making himself at home aboard the International Space Station.
The Conservative defence secretary has warned a Labour minority UK government, or "cobbled together" coalition involving Plaid Cymru and the SNP, would put economic recovery at risk.
Boris Johnson has knocked over a 10-year-old child while playing touch rugby in Japan.
The 66-year-old Fields twins, from Missouri, have lived together all their lives - now they are even closer after sharing their skin.
The salaries of the BBC's biggest stars are expected to be revealed in the corporation's annual report when it is published later.
Mullah Omar was a reclusive figure even before his Taliban government fell from power in late 2001 and he was forced into hiding.
Jose Mourinho has been officially confirmed as Manchester United manager and has signed a three-year contract.
A five-month-old baby girl found in a critical condition after an incident at a Fife flat has died.
Ugandan officials have seized some two tonnes (4,600lb) of ivory - one of the country's biggest such hauls for many years.
Orangutans use their hands to alter their voices and make themselves sound bigger, say scientists.
Without an overseas import for the 2016 season after John Hastings was called into the Australia player pool, Durham will again rely on largely home-grown talent.
Birmingham City Ladies have made their third foreign signing of the mid-season break by bringing in Paris St-Germain goalkeeper Ann-Katrin Berger.
Boys are twice as likely as girls to need additional support for learning, according to a study of eight-year-old children in Scotland.
A man has pleaded guilty to causing the deaths of two sisters in a road crash in Birmingham.
Liverpool Ladies have been knocked out of the Champions League after losing 1-0 at home in their last-32 tie, suffering a 2-0 aggregate defeat.
Sussex have signed South Africa all-rounder David Wiese for their first two home T20 Blast matches.
England completed a 4-0 women's one-day international series whitewash as they thrashed Sri Lanka by 162 runs in the final match in Colombo.
Commonwealth Games bronze medallist Erraid Davies has been deemed ineligible for disability swimming after medical tests.
The emergence of two new parties has blown Spanish politics wide open.
Former Fulham and Stevenage striker Barry Hayles has joined Southern League Premier Division side Chesham United as a player-coach at the age of 43.
Amazon is entering the handicraft market with the launch of a new online store for handmade goods.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they are trying to trace and have warned the public not to approach them.
Swansea's only community city farm is facing closure at the end of the month, unless it can raise £50,000.
Plans to create an iron ring sculpture at Flint Castle have been described as "insulting to Wales".
Former Rangers, Hearts and Scotland defender Sandy Jardine has died at the age of 65.
A plan to introduce parking fees at City of Derry Airport has been met with mixed reaction from the public.
Thieves used a stolen JCB digger to smash into an Essex newsagent and steal a cash machine.
Wall Street rebounded from seven days of losses on hopes that eurozone leaders will stitch together a new deal to help the bloc's ailing economies.
Northampton Town have signed Crystal Palace striker Keshi Anderson on loan until the end of the season.
The Islamic State (IS) has wreaked havoc in the Middle East, seizing vast areas of Iraq and Syria and now it is taking advantage of Libya's collapse into anarchy.
Former Burnley defender Clarke Carlisle was attempting to take his own life when he was hit by a lorry in December, he has revealed.
A girl who witnessed the death of a teenage boy hit by a minibus at his school has told his inquest she had previously seen five near-misses.
South African courts are to begin releasing 270 striking miners charged with murder after 34 of their colleagues were shot dead by police.
Northern Ireland will go into Euro 2016 on the back of a record 12-match unbeaten run after drawing away to fellow finalists Slovakia in Trnava.
House Republicans have called FBI Director James Comey to testify about Hillary Clinton's use of private email as secretary of state.
The Rev Sun Myung Moon founded the Unification Church, regarded by its critics as a dangerous cult.
A teenager, who had a sudden desire to rob someone, arranged to meet a man via a mobile phone app and attacked him in his car.
Fiat-Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) faces action over the mishandling in the US of car recalls, the country's top vehicle safety regulator has said.
Track cycling sees competitors battle it out at high speeds along the steep wooden banking of the velodrome.
Relegation-threatened Kidderminster Harriers have extended the youth loan of midfielder Ben Whitfield from Premier League side Bournemouth until the end of the season.
John Hardie says Scotland can finish off their Six Nations campaign with victories over France and Ireland.
Wales flanker Sam Warburton has been praised as "outstanding" in the first two rounds of the Six Nations by British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland.
Wen Xiaowei, 47, works in China as a yuesao, a maternity nurse who lives with new parents and their babies for the first month after the birth of their child.
Republicans have overwhelmingly approved a resolution allowing states to withhold funds from abortion providers such as Planned Parenthood.
A hedgehog who had "blown up like a beach ball" is said to be doing well after a vet "popped" him with a needle.
A young boy took off his top hat and approached the Queen for a handshake at the horse-racing event.
India will build 10 heavy water reactors to boost its nuclear power capacity, the government has announced.
Championship strugglers Wigan ended their five-match losing run with a goalless draw against play-off chasing Derby at Pride Park.
An aid flight with medical supplies for Yemen has been held back because of logistical problems, as violence in the country continues.
Comedian Chris Rock will play a show in Glasgow as part of his first UK tour in 10 years.
Crusaders have snapped up midfielder Jamie Glackin from Dungannon Swifts on a two-year contract.
Real Madrid has told the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) it will appeal against its Fifa ban on signing players.
A French court has ruled investigators can retain the seized diaries of ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy, who is battling corruption allegations.
Nine of the 10 local authorities in which most six-year-olds passed the government's phonics reading test this year are in London, figures show.
The family of a magistrate who died in a suspected murder-suicide at a house in Greater Manchester have said she was "a devoted mother".
Scientists have used Cold War spy satellites to reveal the dramatic environmental changes in the Himalayas.
18-year-old Kiran Carlson enjoyed a dream Championship debut for Glamorgan, claiming five wickets with his spin as Northants stumbled to 269 all out.
Jaguar Land Rover's chief executive Dr Ralf Speth has laid out a future vision which could see 10,000 new jobs created in the West Midlands.
Striker Craig McAllister has rejoined National League club Eastleigh from Sutton United.
Concerns about staffing levels at the Ulster Hospital have been raised by the health regulator, the Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority (RQIA).
Middlesex have released left-arm seamer Gurjit Sandhu.
Mae angen gwneud mwy i annog tadau i chwilio am gymorth pan mae eu partneriaid yn colli plentyn neu'n geni plentyn yn farw, yn ôl gweithwyr elusen.
Billed as London's first "Grand Hotel", it is exactly 150 years since the Langham began serving the whims of the rich and famous.
The reputation that proceeded Tim Kaine before he appeared in the vice-presidential debate was of a mild-mannered Democrat, occasionally known to play his harmonica.
A Â£95,000 scheme to add a signalled pedestrian crossing to a busy section of road in Bristol will make it safer, the city council has said.
Life-like body parts have been 3D printed to help army surgeons deal with trauma injuries.
The world's first successful penis transplant has been reported by a surgical team in South Africa.
People need clarity on what Brexit means for both the UK and Welsh governments, Plaid Cymru has said.
Firefighters have spent the night tackling a large barn fire in Powys.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has been told by doctors to have complete rest for at least a week after suffering a fall at his home.
A war of words has broken out at a skate park - after teenagers sprayed graffiti accusing council officials of failing to maintain the site.
Famous Grouse producer Edrington Group has announced a strong set of results, after increasing its presence in both established and emerging markets and investing in its brands.
Britain's Adam Peaty won Fina's Olympic Performance of the Year award for his world record-breaking 100m breaststroke final win at Rio 2016.
Two people have been rescued from a sinking boat in the Humber estuary after a collision with another vessel in the fog.
A petition to reject the controversial nominee for Philippine ambassador to the UN has reached more than 10,000 signatures, after he was seen using anti-Semitic language on Twitter.
The leader of the Farc rebel group has apologised to the victims of Colombia's armed conflict which ended with Monday's signing of a peace deal.
A Syrian internet freedom activist was executed soon after he disappeared from prison in late 2015, his wife and supporters say they have learned.
Adam Rooney gave third-top Aberdeen a Scottish Premiership victory over stuffy Hamilton Accies.
The completion of repair work to a Grade II listed bridge damaged by winter flooding last year has been delayed until January.
Sixteen teenagers on a Spanish exchange programme were among those on board a Germanwings plane that crashed in the French alps, German officials say.
Two Belgian policemen have been questioned by their French counterparts after they were caught with 13 illegal immigrants in their car.
Hundreds of people gathered at a Clydebank park on Saturday night to remember teenager Paige Doherty.
Current political attitudes are likely to lead to a "slow erosion" of existing human rights and protections, according to an expert.
A high-rise residential building in Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates has caught fire, sending plumes of thick black smoke into the air.
A chronology of key events:
Australia's largest independent beer company has found itself at the centre of a boycott over a video discussing same-sex marriage.
Fantasy comedy Monster Hunt has become the highest-grossing domestic film in China, state media said.
David Cameron has just landed in Northern Sri Lanka, becoming the first prime minister, the first world leader, to travel to the north of this island, once controlled by the Tamil Tigers.
A Russian cargo plane has crashed into warehouses at a military facility in Siberia, killing all nine people on board, officials have said.
Voting for the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2016 has now closed.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has warned extra television revenue for Premier League clubs will be used to buy players rather than cut ticket prices.
Lewis Hamilton beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to take a dominant win at the Belgian Grand Prix to extend his championship lead.
For more than 40 years, the processing power of the silicon chip has grown in line with a prediction made by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965.
Leinster returned to the top of the Pro12 table and bagged a bonus point with an emphatic win over the Scarlets.
A controversial plan for the biggest expansion of Cardiff in a century has been approved by a planning inspector.
A body was washed up on a beach at Withernsea, East Yorkshire.
The death of a 49-year-old man who was discovered seriously injured in a Dundee street is being treated as suspicious, police have confirmed.
A Star Wars fan who bought a toy 25 years ago for £50 has sold it at auction in Teesside for £18,000.
British high jumper Isobel Pooley is currently working towards a place in Team GB's squad for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Swansea City Ladies have will face Scottish side Hibernian, Olimpia Cluj-Napoca of Romania and Ukraine's WFC-2 Kharkiv in the Champions League qualifying group stage.
A person has been airlifted to hospital after a small aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing in the Brecon Beacons in Powys.
Partick Thistle boss Alan Archibald felt his side should have been given a penalty in their 1-0 defeat by Celtic.
A Scottish artist's painting of Donald Trump as King Kong has been shared thousands of times online after postings by singer Madonna.
Myanmar migrants on a boat stranded for a week in the Andaman Sea with no food or water say 10 people have died, while some are resorting to drinking urine.
Widnes Vikings produced a superb defensive display to beat Wigan and leave Warriors still waiting to confirm their Super League play-off place.
A man who defrauded a 98-year-old woman he befriended of £170,000 has been jailed for five years and one month.
Sinn Fein's Paul Maskey has been elected as the new MP for West Belfast.
A deal has been struck for Hoover to move the company's pension scheme into a protection fund.
The Welsh government should be able to borrow up to £1bn to fund major new projects such as motorways or hospital buildings, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Former Manchester United assistant manager Mike Phelan feels part of the club's "identity has been broken" with Danny Welbeck's departure to Arsenal.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to death for the racially motivated killings of nine black people at a South Carolina church.
The owner of Ipswich Town Football Club has been charged in connection with a ticket-touting case in August's Olympic Games in Brazil.
Edinburgh have targeted a top-four finish and a place in the Pro12 play-offs as a "minimum" target this season.
At least 65 civilians have reportedly been killed in air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition on the Yemeni city of Taiz.
Lock Jake Ball has added to Wales' injury worries before their second Test against New Zealand on Saturday.
A couple in their 20s from Northern Ireland has drowned while on honeymoon in South Africa.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has been given an extra 24 hours to argue his case after being charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for elbowing West Ham's Winston Reid.
A fifth of working people in Scotland are paid less than the voluntary Living Wage, according to research.
Austria's Lukas Postlberger won the first stage of the Giro d'Italia in Sardinia on his race debut.
A Gambian opposition leader, who had been thrown in jail for taking part in a protest, has been released on bail.
A Dutch man wept as he was jailed for three months with hard labour in Myanmar for unplugging a loudspeaker.
The government will learn next Tuesday whether it has won its legal battle to get Brexit under way without the need for a vote by MPs.
The winning design for Scotland's baby boxes has been revealed.
Kingfisher, which owns B&Q, has announced a push to increase annual pre-tax profits by £500m within five years and return £600m to shareholders.
Labour is still reeling from its general election disaster, which reduced the party to its lowest number of MPs since 1987, left members battered and bruised and started the search for a new leader.
The man who helped expose Russian state-sponsored doping says he leaked information about his investigation to the media to force anti-doping chiefs to provide him with additional resources.
National Volunteers Week runs from 1-7 June and tennis' governing body - the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) - has shortlisted around 1,200 volunteers whose efforts will be recognised at the British Tennis Awards, during Wimbledon fortnight.
A garage owner who preyed on three schoolgirls between 1977 and 1989 has been convicted of rape and sexual assault.
Last week, the BBC ran an article giving readers a series of crypto-based challenges to solve.
Timothy Spall is to star in ITV's dramatisation of the Â£25m Hatton Garden safety deposit box jewellery raid.
First Minister Alex Salmond has met the family of Mohammad Asghar, the Scot imprisoned on death row in Pakistan over blasphemy allegations.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have found pieces of fabric on land close to where he was last seen.
Holyrood's Europe committee has issued an appeal for evidence on the impact of the Brexit vote.
Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive Stuart Davies says the announcement of sale plans is "the start of the process," in attracting new investors.
A man was stabbed in a station car park after challenging a group throwing objects around a train carriage.
A 21-tonne steam engine that tipped off a low-loader and "slid down a road" could cost more than £100,000 to repair, its owners said.
People prescribed anti-depressants should be aware they could be at increased risk of type 2 diabetes, say UK researchers.
Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, co-founder of the Afghan Taliban, has been freed from jail in Pakistan.
Speaking before a crowd of more than 11,000 students and locals at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, Donald Trump made no mention of Texas Senator Ted Cruz.
US President Barack Obama has called for a national campaign to improve opportunities for black and Hispanic boys and young men.
Significantly fewer patients spent more than 12 hours in A&E departments in Wales in February, compared to the month before, the latest figures show.
A police car flipped on its side as it went to the scene of an attempted robbery last night in Liverpool.
Wales Under-19 defender Regan Poole could make his Manchester United debut against FC Midtjylland on Thursday.
The US Federal Communications Commission has voted to overturn rules that force ISPs to treat all data traffic as equal.
The first of 115 new trains for the Thameslink network has arrived in West Sussex to begin tests.
Twelve people were hurt, including seven teenagers, when fires broke out at two neighbouring refugee hostels in the south German region of Bavaria.
No matter where you live in the UK, you will find local NHS services are under immense pressure.
A drink-driver who killed a woman when he got behind the wheel after drinking 10 pints and drove at 134mph has been jailed for seven years.
Ant Financial, the digital payments arm of e-commerce giant Alibaba, is buying US-based MoneyGram for $880m (£700m).
A charity is urging GPs to do more to diagnose bone cancers early in order to help to improve the survival rate
Charlton Athletic have completed the signing of FC Copenhagen striker Igor Vetokele for an undisclosed fee.
Sean Lamont aims to take a step closer to Chris Paterson's Scotland cap record of 109 on the summer tour of Japan.
The prime minister has appointed SNP MP Angus Robertson to Westminster's intelligence and security committee.
On Monday, former Prime Minister Gordon Brown said on BBC Radio 4's Today programme that half a million of the EU citizens in Britain were Irish.
A urine test that can reveal how healthy your meals are has been developed by UK scientists.
Forwards Lewis Evans and Nic Cudd have agreed new contracts with Newport Gwent Dragons.
A "substantial reward" has been offered after heirlooms, including a ring given by Charles II to a mistress, were stolen from a stately home.
Driverless cars could initially lead to longer delays on the UK's major roads, according to a government report.
People who work with cleaning products risk developing asthma, believe UK experts who have explored the link.
Arsenal and Chelsea have only featured in one previous FA Cup final in 2002 - when the Gunners defeated their London rivals 2-0.
The cost of council-run school holiday clubs has increased by nearly 70% this year, according to a charity.
A female osprey has reunited with her mate at the Scottish Wildlife Trust's Loch of the Lowes reserve in Perthshire.
Public sector bodies in Scotland should be compelled to report climate emissions targets and progress, a Holyrood committee has recommended.
Mark Zuckerberg has revealed deep-seated concerns that the tide is turning against globalisation.
Two men have been given life sentences for murdering a pensioner in a brutal stabbing attack in Bradford.
Idrissa Sylla's second-half goal earned Queens Park Rangers a narrow victory over Bristol City at Loftus Road.
Army chief General Sir Nick Carter says the level of sexual harassment being faced by female soldiers is "totally unacceptable".
Police in the US state of Missouri say they have arrested 32 people as calm returned after a night of rioting.
Bayer Leverkusen attacking midfielder Hakan Calhanoglu says he will not collect his salary during his four-month suspension.
A barrister who commuted by train for two years without paying has been given a suspended 16-week prison sentence.
Leeds kept up the pressure at the top of the Super League as they survived a second-half comeback to beat Widnes.
Money for a new £17m Welsh medium school campus in Neath Port Talbot has been approved by the Welsh Government.
A fan has died after falling ill during Borussia Dortmund's Bundesliga game against Mainz on Sunday.
(Open): London's FTSE 100 started higher on Tuesday.
A gang of men armed with bricks and poles smashed their way into a man's car before leaving him dying on a driveway, according to a witness.
In the kitchens of the Ramat Rachel Hotel in Jerusalem, every leaf is washed meticulously, every grain of rice inspected for bugs and every cut of meat checked to ensure it complies with kashrut - Jewish dietary rules.
A private detective hired through a crowdfunding appeal has said a missing airman's mobile phone is "key" to the investigation.
Mexican police working with US agencies have arrested 24 members of the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel in a joint border operation.
Conservative and Labour mayoral candidates have set out their transport manifestos, with a "war on waste" and Tube and train expansions promised.
The UK release date for the new Star Wars film has been brought forward by a day meaning it will be out here a day before it hits cinemas in America.
Police probing the disappearance of Madeleine McCann in Portugal say there was an "overwhelming response" to an appeal on the BBC's Crimewatch, with almost 1,000 calls and emails.
A survey of the groups due to take over commissioning NHS care is highlighting fears about their size and budgets.
Fast bowler Shaun Tait says Glamorgan have a good chance of progressing to the T20 Blast finals day.
Holywood runner Paul Pollock has been selected in the three-man Irish marathon team for the Olympic Games.
All groups from Wales making the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia where a stampede killed at least 717 have been accounted for, a Muslim leader has said.
Police are investigating an incident of sectarian graffiti sprayed on a church in West Lothian over the weekend.
It was surviving a brush with adversity that allowed Anisa Telwar's business to really grow.
Four members of a north Wales choir spent two hours stuck in a lift at their London hotel, disrupting their preparation for the first live semi-final of Britain's Got Talent.
A £6m project to renovate Gloucester Cathedral has begun.
Wasps comfortably defeated Northampton Saints in difficult conditions to win at Franklin's Gardens for the first time since 2005.
A woman killed when a recycling lorry and her car crashed on the A40 has been named as Diane James.
Lecturers at further education colleges across Scotland have announced more details of a planned series of strikes.
Swansea is calling in international experts to help regenerate its city centre.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has made his appeal against the four-match ban he received for his part in 'Deflate-gate'.
An 83-year-old man spotted driving his mobility scooter on a busy city ring road has been "offered advice" by police.
A learner driver who knocked over and killed a pensioner at a car wash has been given a suspended jail sentence.
An undercover officer who infiltrated alleged extremist networks told a court that a suspect threatened to attack the UK if he could not reach Syria.
Egypt's parliament has given its approval to a controversial plan to transfer sovereignty of two largely uninhabited islands to Saudi Arabia.
A jogger has been seriously injured in a collision with a bicycle in Livingston.
The NHS programme for screening those at high risk of type 2 diabetes is unlikely to have much impact, an Oxford University study in the BMJ suggests.
Police in the Republic of Ireland believe they have recovered the weapon used in the murder of a man in Dublin.
Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson has said Labour "is not always a meritocracy" after being overlooked as the party's Liverpool Walton candidate for the general election on 8 June.
Lance Armstrong believes Brian Cookson has not delivered on his campaign promises since taking over at the International Cycling Union (UCI).
A private ambulance firm based in Hertfordshire has had its registration temporarily suspended due to "concerns" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael has said he believes liberalism is needed "more than ever before".
Security researchers have hacked a phone to show how it is possible to eavesdrop on conversations and make premium calls on someone else's line.
Britain has to "act as if we're entering a new Cold War" with Russia, an MP has claimed.
Police have arrested and charged 14 football fans in connection with a clash before last month's match between Hearts and Kilmarnock in Edinburgh.
The head of security for the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro has resigned after nearly ten years in post following a recent rise in violence.
Somerset look in the best shape to win at Edgbaston after a bowler-dominated second day against Warwickshire in which 18 wickets fell.
(Close): Wall Street closed up following a strong US jobs report that showed unemployment remaining at a seven and half year low.
Footballer Nile Ranger has been released from prison about 10 weeks into his eight-month sentence.
"Peace is not a bad thing, but it's unlikely to solve our problems," says Director of Panama's Border Police, Frank Abrego.
A Yemeni man living in New York City has been charged with attempting to provide support to the Islamic State group, say US authorities.
Fifa has appointed a normalisation committee to take charge of Guinea's Football Federation (FGF).
Robbie Williams says he sympathises with Justin Bieber, after the Canadian pop star reprimanded audiences for screaming at his concerts.
England's Laura Massaro defeated world champion Nour El Sherbini to defend her Dubai World Series Finals title.
Jack Taylor's fourth One-Day Cup half-century of the season helped Gloucestershire to a six-wicket win over Sussex with eight balls to spare.
Police investigating the alleged abduction and rape of a 14-year-old girl in Oxford have said the "abduction did not take place".
Shares of Japan Post and its banking and insurance units surged on their stock market debut in Tokyo after the triple initial public offering (IPO) raised $12bn (£7.7bn).
In the fourth of a series of in-depth profiles of the Labour leadership candidates, Iain Watson catches up with Yvette Cooper.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Portsmouth on New Year's Day.
A host of big international names are ready to light up what promises to be another ferocious Premiership season.
Jesse Bromwich has stood down as New Zealand captain following allegations he took cocaine.
Defending champion Stuart Bingham faces two-time runner-up Ali Carter in the first round of the World Championship.
Plans for what could be the highest wind turbines in England and Wales have been submitted in Hartlepool, Teesside.
An ice rink that melted in the unseasonably warm weather has closed with the company going into liquidation.
Forged rail tickets are being sold on a hidden part of the internet and being used at stations without detection, an undercover BBC investigation has found.
Former Rough Guides editor Jonathan Buckley has beaten Hilary Mantel and Mark Haddon to win the 10th annual BBC National Short Story Award.
Taxpayers in Somerset will face at least a £50 rise in council tax after the Conservative-led county council agreed its budget earlier.
Seven-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer was beaten 2-6 7-6 (10-8) 6-4 by 39-year-old Tommy Haas on grass at the Stuttgart Open.
Plans for a huge wind farm off the north Devon coast have been shelved.
The fixtures for the new season have been released and Wales have reached the quarter finals of their first major international tournament for 58 years.
American investment company Cain Hoy has said it is no longer considering making an offer to buy Tottenham.
Thanks to the success of one of the greatest ever Olympians, Sir Steve Redgrave, and the world famous University Boat Race, rowing has a proud history within British sport.
A former Dutch MP and prominent critic of conservative Islam, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, has cancelled a speaking tour of Australia and New Zealand citing security concerns.
A US judge has sentenced an ex-Colombian rebel to 27 years in prison for his role in the kidnapping of three American contract workers in 2003.
A missing girl has been found safe and well while a man who was with her has been arrested, police have said.
Two fans who died at Hillsborough had wanted to leave a tunnel leading to fenced enclosures but could not because of the crowd, the inquests have heard.
Reading's Oliver Norwood believes Northern Ireland will continue to fly under the radar at Euro 2016 - their first major tournament for 30 years.
Jean van de Velde will return to the scene of one of sport's most notorious meltdowns when he makes his debut in July's Senior Open at Carnoustie.
A 22-year-old man who drove his girlfriend's car on to the Brands Hatch circuit during a race could face jail.
The S&P 500 index ended lower, breaking a seven-day winning streak not seen for three-and-a-half years.
A mother and her daughter have died after being struck by a lorry in Hull.
A call for the National Assembly to be renamed the Welsh Parliament has been made by Conservative leader in the assembly Andrew RT Davies.
A light aircraft has crashed in the South African city of Johannesburg, killing all three people on board, emergency officials have said.
The number of HIV cases in Russia was 12% higher in the first six months of 2012 than in the same period last year, government health experts say.
Moderate Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has won a landslide re-election, a possible launch pad for a 2016 White House run.
A driver who killed a five-year-old boy when he hit him with his car in Birmingham has been jailed for five years.
Callum McGregor's late strike rescued a point for Celtic as they came from behind to extend their unbeaten run in domestic football to 53 games.
Plans for a £50m revamp of Yorkshire County Cricket Club's Headingley ground to try to secure the stadium's Test Match status have been unveiled.
A petrol bomb has been thrown at a police station in County Down.
A Dundee-based dance company will be the first in the world to perform at the 9/11 Memorial Museum in New York.
Twenty pupils wanted: must be willing to give up two hours a week of homework time to build robots.
An NHS boss has been suspended and another has resigned over claims senior staff were being paid by drug companies to help promote their products.
Data stolen from a dating website aimed at "beautiful people only" has been traded online.
Tolls to cross the Severn Bridge and Second Severn Crossing into Wales will increase in the New Year.
Europe fought back from a 4-0 foursomes whitewash to cut the USA's lead to 5-3 after day one of the Ryder Cup.
Europe's governing body Uefa says no rules were broken despite fans being present at CSKA Moscow's "behind closed doors" match with Manchester City.
Acting and modelling are notoriously fickle industries often trading on perfection, but in the 1990s one woman challenged the status quo by setting up a professional talent agency for disabled people.
Championship side Reading have sacked manager Brian McDermott after just over five months in charge.
Details of a £7m funding package to support City of Derry airport have been revealed by Stormont ministers.
The Congress has called for criminal charges against those involved in a brawl outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington DC last month.
The man police say was responsible for the Westminster attack has been formally identified as 52-year-old Khalid Masood.
The new Hull City manager is facing an "impossible task", according to former captain Ian Ashbee.
The Himalayan region of Kashmir has been a flashpoint between India and Pakistan for over six decades.
Oldham Athletic have confirmed that they have had their transfer embargo lifted and can now sign players again.
Ronnie O'Sullivan hopes for a "sensible resolution" over any outstanding issues with snooker authorities.
The government has formally launched a £400m fund to boost investment in "full-fibre" broadband.
Rangers have held interviews as they seek a new team boss - and to fill the new role of director of football - PA Sport has reported.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital with arm and chest burns following a fire at a travellers site in Fife.
Head coach Gordon Strachan says his Scotland players are "physically and mentally" ready for their World Cup qualifier against England at Hampden.
Some very big changes are now in the pipeline for the way people use their bank accounts and the way banks charge their customers.
A set of four stamps featuring the portrait of Gandhi has been sold for £500,000 - but the total remains well short of an international record.
Gunmen have kidnapped at least 27 Qatari hunters - including members of the ruling family - in a desert area of Iraq near the Saudi border, say police and the local governor.
A busy section of Scotland's motorway link to England is to close for a full weekend next month causing "significant delays" to drivers.
MPs have criticised a judge over a suspended jail term given to a man who attacked his wife with a cricket bat.
Thousands of people have turned out for the annual Dorset knob throwing contest.
Ireland's World Cup campaign "starts in earnest now" after Sunday's convincing bonus-point victory over Romania, according to coach Joe Schmidt.
A man has admitted setting fire to a primary school which was partially destroyed in a blaze early on Wednesday.
A viable pipe bomb which was left on top of a car in the County Antrim village of Crumin has been made safe by the Army.
A person's taste in music may offer insight into the way in which they think, researchers at Cambridge University say.
Rescuers carried an injured man for three miles after he fell more than 130ft (40m) down a Cumbrian mountain.
Royal Navy warship HMS Bulwark has arrived in an Italian port, carrying 1,200 migrants rescued from the Mediterranean Sea.
The chancellor of a New Zealand university appears to have apologised for saying a woman vet was "equivalent to two-fifths" of a man because she would take time out to have a family.
Barrow have signed defender Thierry Audel on a one-year deal with an optional second year, following his release by Notts County.
Bebington in Merseyside is the most desirable place to live in England, according to a Royal Mail survey.
Schools in England are going to be helped to find governors by a free online service backed by ministers.
Labour is effectively two political parties, due to the split between its MPs and wider membership, ex-Labour First Minister Rhodri Morgan has said.
Liverpool have revealed plans to increase Anfield's capacity from 45,500 to almost 59,000.
Retired steel worker Edward Hayes has built a 26ft (8m) tower of flowers in the drive of his Newport home.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has signed a decree giving the government new powers to block foreign takeover bids for companies deemed "strategic".
The SNP has become the biggest party on Aberdeen City Council.
As Wonder Woman, Gal Gadot can do anything - apart from getting people to pronounce her name correctly.
Police in Bristol have arrested four people after secret filming by BBC Panorama found a pattern of serious abuse at a residential hospital.
More than 100 households were evicted every day from rented homes in England last year, the latest figures show.
A Northern Ireland charity is helping more than 100 army veterans who have tried to take their own lives, a BBC documentary has been told.
Naomi Broady is into the ASB Classic third round after a controversial match against Jelena Ostapenko, who escaped disqualification for appearing to throw a racquet towards a ball boy.
Fifa has provisionally suspended its president Sepp Blatter, secretary general Jerome Valcke and vice-president Michel Platini for 90 days.
The NI economy stalled in December, research by the Ulster Bank suggests.
All photographs are copyrighted.
EU states have struck an action plan for Turkey that it is hoped will ease the flow of migrants to Europe.
The death of a woman who fell from the window of a third-floor flat is no longer being treated as suspicious.
School Reporters Berdan and Sudnaz, from Heron Hall Academy, Enfield, went behind the scenes at BBC Radio 4's The World at One and asked presenter Mark Mardell to reveal his most awkward moment.
Reg Presley, the lead singer of the 1960's band The Troggs, has died aged 71.
Penalties for people who drop litter could reach as much as £150 under plans set out by the Department for Communities and Local Government.
A man has been raped and robbed in the early hours.
Scotland women midfielder Leanne Crichton says competing in a first major tournament finals without three key players is a severe blow.
Edward Snowden, who has been charged with espionage by US over leaks about US surveillance programmes, is thought to have been in Hong Kong since 20 May.
What can a play about the formation of the SDP in 1981 tell us about today's political landscape?
Northern Ireland goalkeeping coach Maik Taylor has called on the Irish Football Association to hand manager Michael O'Neill a new contract despite the side's disappointing run of results.
Diego Costa said that it is up to Chelsea to make a decision on his future after he scored in Spain's 2-1 World Cup qualifying win in Macedonia.
An 85-year-old woman has died in hospital after a collision between her car and another vehicle.
Three Liverpool Ladies players, including England midfielder Fara Williams, are set to miss the majority of the club's remaining games this season after picking up injuries.
China has local government debts of 17.7 trillion yuan ($2.9tn), up 70% from three years ago, according to an official report.
Pirates have been operating in the Gulf of Aden, one of the world's busiest shipping lanes, for several years, prompting world powers to send their navies to safeguard international trade.
The fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people has heard the driver blacked out before while driving a bus.
An ancient pear tree due to be chopped down to make way for the HS2 high-speed rail line has been voted the best tree in England.
A man who faked being in a coma for two years to avoid a fraud trial has been jailed along with his wife for trying to con the courts.
A disability benefits assessor has been suspended after allegedly posting abusive comments about disabled claimants on Facebook.
Scott Ruscoe has been appointed manager of Welsh Premier champions The New Saints on a permanent basis.
A new cashless payment system will be introduced into Jersey car parks under new plans by the States.
Jade Lally has produced the longest discus throw by a British woman since 1983 to move to fourth in the 2016 world rankings.
Twenty-nine people have been charged following drugs raids in Newport, Gwent Police has said.
It is a familiar formula in many ways.
Relegated Barnsley have completed the signing of striker Kane Hemmings from Cowdenbeath on a free transfer.
A Scottish-based student is thought to have been deported to Pakistan despite claims he faces political persecution and possible death in his homeland.
Surrey's slim chances of winning the Division One title ended as they drew with relegation-threatened Hampshire.
FBI and US secret service agents have arrested a man charged with the largest cyber-attack of financial firms in America's history.
Two musical sisters from Milngavie are celebrating after their record released in time for Burns Night topped the classical charts on iTunes.
A man who swallowed a large quantity of drugs in order to smuggle them into prison has been jailed for three years.
The supermarket chain Lidl will now include Northern Ireland staff in the pay rise it has awarded to workers in the rest of the UK.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has said the US and Turkey are prepared to seek a military solution against so-called Islamic State (IS) if a political agreement in Syria proves impossible.
Militia fighters in DR Congo have decapitated about 40 police officers in an ambush in the central province of Kasai, local officials say.
Researchers in the US are teaching high-speed drones how to avoid obstacles in their flight path with very little notice.
A disabled man has said his visits to Maghaberry Prison have become more difficult since changes were made to the visitors' bus service.
Venezuela's National Assembly, which is controlled by opposition parties, has declared that President Nicolas Maduro has "abandoned his post".
The Beatles' music is being made available on a wide range of streaming music services.
The mother of a stillborn baby left court in tears after a doctor accepted she should have been kept in hospital when she was 38-weeks pregnant.
Olympic champions Jack Laugher and Chris Mears are looking to complete their set of major diving titles with World Championship gold this weekend.
North Korea will continue to test missiles, a senior official has told the BBC in Pyongyang, despite international condemnation and growing military tensions with the US.
At about 04:45 Brussels time this morning, European Union finance ministers made a bit of EU history.
Championship side Fulham came from behind to knock out Middlesbrough in the EFL Cup second-round.
This week's preview of next week's parliamentary action comes with a massive health warning: in the event of a victory for Leave in the EU referendum, much of what follows will probably be cancelled or rescheduled to make room for a series of statements and debates on the process for and ramifications of Brexit.
Struggling Southport came close to securing a much-needed win as they drew with Aldershot following a frantic end to their National league clash at Haig Avenue.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving after a car was driven into the sea.
A Manchester-based company that pretended it was linked to Google has been closed following an investigation by the UK's Insolvency Service.
Work has begun to take away a controversial statue depicting a naked boy with a frog in a part of ancient Venice, Italian media report.
When passengers started boarding a flight from Stockholm in Sweden they spotted an unusual passenger scurrying between the seats.
Forty-seven staff employed by a Northern Ireland charity which works with disadvantaged families have lost their jobs after a three-year pilot scheme ended.
Two men who murdered a man they blamed for supplying an ecstasy tablet that killed their teenage friend have been jailed for life.
A main road in Rhyl will be closed to through-traffic from Monday while buildings are demolished.
World number 855 Alex Ward became the only British player to come through Wimbledon singles qualifying by securing a stunning win over Russia's Teymuraz Gabashvili.
National League side Maidstone have signed striker Joe Pigott on a one-year deal following his release by League Two club Cambridge.
The clock may be ticking for petrol and diesel-powered cars, but it's vans, trucks and buses that are driving the electric vehicle revolution on the world's roads.
New figures indicate that almost 4,000 staff made redundant from the NHS in England, before last year's major restructuring, have since been re-employed.
A former reception centre for asylum-seeker children is being brought back into use following an "unprecedented" surge in the number of young migrants.
Questions have been asked about the safety of Leeds' tallest building after the death of man who was crushed by a lorry which blew over in strong winds.
You wouldn't have thought a crocodile would be a dream bride, but that hasn't stopped this man from marrying one.
Sinn Féin is threatening to pull out of the Joint Ministerial Council over concerns about negotiations for the UK to leave the EU.
Three men who tricked their victim into handing over her £12,000 savings on the phone have been caught on tape.
Widnes Vikings boss Denis Betts says their strong start to the Super League season is a reflection of their meticulous work in training.
The welfare reform bill could be debated in the assembly again next week if there is sufficient movement in ongoing negotiations, the first minister has said.
A huge wildfire has forced the evacuation of about 60,000 people from Fort McMurray - the entire population of the Canadian city.
Indie rock band Alt-J have been named winners of this year's prestigious Barclaycard Mercury Prize, with their debut album An Awesome Wave.
A number of theatres in Yorkshire employ fewer than 5% black or minority ethnic (BME) workers, according to an Arts Council England (Ace) report.
Greek right-back Giannis Skondras has joined Hamilton Academical until the end of the season after the 26-year-old left PAOK Salonica.
Conwy county has agreed to house asylum seekers as part of a new pilot scheme.
The Free Church of Scotland is investigating allegations made in connection with a minister on the Isle of Lewis who died earlier this year.
A former Celtic FC youth coach has appeared in a court in Belfast charged with sexual activity with a child.
A Kenyan hospital is to provide free cancer treatment to 400 patients from Uganda as the neighbouring country's only radiotherapy machine has broken.
A memory jar is where you can keep happy memories in a safe place.
An Orkney sheep farmer who holds down a total of 20 jobs has been dubbed Britain's hardest-working man.
German World Cup winner Bastian Schweinsteiger's future at Manchester United is in doubt following Jose Mourinho's appointment as manager.
This may look like a meerkat on first glance but it's actually an undercover spy camera used to film meerkats in their natural habitat.
Firemen in northern Honduras have found the remains of four teenage boys who were kidnapped on 31 January.
A man who claimed to be a professional distributor of child abuse images has been jailed for 15 months.
Following a number of deaths and serious accidents on a main route through Swansea, a new one-way system will be introduced in the autumn.
A severely disabled grandfather has had his case seeking the right to die heard by the Court of Session.
China is a crucial market for many South Korean companies, and the food and retail giant Lotte is no exception.
An amateur jockey who slowed down and lost his lead in the final stages of a race has been banned for 28 days.
The Scottish Labour Party will be holding its spring conference in Glasgow on Saturday.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has witnessed the signing of a draft ceasefire agreement between the government and 16 rebel groups.
Two hundred people volunteered to help with a clean-up of Aberystwyth promenade, a week after it was damaged by storms.
Edinson Cavani scored a hat-trick as champions Paris St-Germain set a new record points total in Ligue 1 after an easy win against Ajaccio in Corsica.
Jordan Spieth leads the Tournament of Champions by four shots after shooting a nine-under second-round 64 in Hawaii.
The twin brother of a firefighter says he complained of bullying at work in the weeks before he killed himself.
Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield is due to return to Earth on Tuesday from a five-month stint on board the International Space Station.
A court has heard how a child abuser was forced to go to police by his own relatives after it emerged he had attacked a young girl.
Illegal skin bleaching products are being sold in shops in Coventry, a BBC investigation has found.
An Australian man who imprisoned a Dutch backpacker in a hotel room for six weeks and repeatedly raped and beat her has been jailed for 17 years.
Many parts of the UK have experienced a very rare partial solar eclipse, one of the most spectacular in years.
English top-flight club Notts County Ladies have folded, two days before their first match of the Spring Series.
The parent company of Southern rail has gone to the High Court in an attempt to stop a drivers' strike.
All staff at the Michelin factory in Ballymena, County Antrim, have been called to a meeting at 12:00 GMT.
The Raspberry Pi has sold 10 million units - continuing its success as the most popular British computer ever.
Permission for a new BBC Wales headquarters in Cardiff city centre should not be granted until plans for a new bus station are in place, a conservation group says.
Saudi police have released a young woman who appeared in a video wearing a miniskirt and crop-top in public without charge.
Leicester forward Riyad Mahrez has won the Confederation of African Football's player of the year award.
Minouche Shafik, one of the Bank of England's deputy governors, is leaving to become the director of the London School of Economics.
Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu set a remarkable new world record as Britain missed out on a medal in the women's 400m individual medley at Rio 2016.
A "jealous" man who stabbed his partner 13 times because he could not accept their relationship was over will serve a minimum of 20 years in prison.
National League leaders Lincoln City will aim to "achieve the impossible" against Premier League side Burnley in the FA Cup fifth round.
A teenager who used a "hoverboard" to enter a supermarket and steal a crate of Lucozade, has been spared jail.
North and South Korea have agreed to hold rare reunions for families separated by the Korean War, according to Seoul.
Cardiff Devils will play the first game at their new home against Coventry Blaze on 27 February.
Four of the Premier League's top five are in action on Saturday, while there is a packed programme in the Championship.
An Aberdeen woman has admitted fraud by pretending to be a boy to become sexually intimate with two unsuspecting teenage girls.
Plans to develop a new neo-natal baby care unit in north Wales have been approved by the Welsh Government.
Cesc Fabregas scored a free-kick and a late penalty as Chelsea earned a point to frustrate West Ham's Champions League ambitions.
The influence of Gaelic media on learning of the language is being examined.
The taxpayer will make a profit of about £500m on the £20.3bn bailout of Lloyds Bank Group during the financial crisis, its chief executive said.
People spend more than a third of their disposable income on rent across large parts of England, a BBC investigation has found.
A lottery winner said she "leapt" out of bed when she was told she had won £14.5m.
The leader of the Scottish Labour Party has called the idea of a Conservative-Labour coalition "ludicrous".
A Chinese restaurant in County Antrim has been destroyed in an arson attack.
Tickets for a celebration to mark the Queen's 90th birthday sold out within hours of going on sale.
Allan Mukhwana has been instrumental in ensuring that more than 1,400 households in high-risk malaria zones in rural Kenya receive insecticide-treated mosquito nets.
The Chinese hospital treating imprisoned Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo for advanced liver cancer says his condition has worsened.
A 23-year-old woman killed by a falling rock on a south Wales beach was "in the wrong place at the wrong time", an inquest has heard.
Russia is one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the World Anti-Doping Agency's codes.
A drunk driver who caused a motorist's death has been jailed for six years.
The government has announced it is re-examining its policy on transgender prisoners following the death of a woman in a male prison in Leeds.
This year's Oscars "class photo" has been released - and as usual there are several quirks and questionable outfits.
Thousands of parents in Spain are going on strike against state schools this weekend over the large amount of homework given to their children.
Check out this giant sinkhole in a road in Japan!
Glasgow Warriors have been drawn against English Premiership champions Exeter Chiefs in their four-strong European Champions Cup pool.
Derbyshire pace bowler Will Davis and all-rounder Rob Hemmings have signed two-year contracts, keeping them with the county until 2018.
All slots giving free access to a new viewpoint on a historic building were booked up less than 24 hours after it was first opened to the public.
A police force is to axe its mounted unit in order to cut costs.
The final element of a £1.7m investment package has been secured to finance a regeneration programme for conservation areas within Stranraer.
Blackburn beat fellow Championship side QPR in the FA Cup third round.
On Friday, Donald Trump will officially become the next president of the United States.
Two men have been charged in connection with the seizure of cannabis worth an estimated £280,000 in Londonderry.
American Webb Simpson carded a three-under-par 67 to open a two-stroke lead after the third round of the Dean & Deluca Invitational in Texas.
Could Overwatch be the game to take e-sports mainstream?
NHS chiefs have praised staff who helped to cope with a 60% surge in emergency admissions to Dumfries Infirmary at the start of the new year.
The Colombian government has acknowledged that crime and smuggling have gone down since Venezuela deployed thousands of troops along their common border two months ago.
A selection of photos from around the African continent this week:
An agreement on the redevelopment of Alderney's derelict Fort Tourgis has lapsed, according to the chief executive of the island's States.
World number 837 Andres Romero won the BMW International as England's Richard Bland tied for second in Munich.
A permanent memorial is to be created as a "fitting, lasting tribute" to the 11 men who were killed in the Shoreham air disaster in August.
The removal of President Dilma Rousseff, at the end of nine-month impeachment process, has come as no surprise to Brazil's media.
A lawyer criticised by a judge for dressing "like something out of Harry Potter" is being investigated for allegedly misleading Cardiff Crown Court.
Five members of Bosnia's special police have been held over an armed raid on a bank van that netted 617,000 marka ($344,000; Â£241,000), officials say.
Fireworks and firecrackers are commonly used at temple festivals in the southern Indian state of Kerala, and the Puttingal temple is no exception.
When Brexit talks formally begin, the UK will have two years to negotiate its departure from the EU.
British number one Andy Murray will face France's Nicolas Mahut in the Aegon Championships first round at Queen's Club.
A man has suffered serious injuries after his motorbike and a car collided.
The Scottish government has been accused of "dragging its heels" on proposed improvements to a challenging hairpin bend on the A9 in Caithness.
Veterans of a historical Army regiment have bought the lease on the pub where it was founded.
A future Labour government would pave the way for posthumous pardons for gay men convicted under historical indecency laws, Ed Miliband has said.
Police in China's north-western region of Xinjiang are asking some residents to provide DNA samples and other biological data when applying for travel documents.
Former Scottish health minister Susan Deacon is set to become the first woman to chair the Institute of Directors in Scotland.
Wales is not the first thing that comes to mind when talking about the all-American, multi-millionaire super stars of the NBA.
Harlequins and Gloucester shared 10 tries in an epic 39-39 Premiership draw at Twickenham.
Ex-darts world champion Eric Bristow has apologised for suggesting football sex abuse victims are not "proper men".
A consultation about baby cremations could be held across England and Wales with a view to changing legislation, bereaved families have said.
The global war on drugs is fuelling a hepatitis C pandemic causing millions of needless infections, the Global Commission on Drug Policy has warned.
A Danish Superliga game between Brondby and FC Copenhagen was marred when home fans threw dead rats at a player.
A US federal appeals court has refused to lift a temporary block on President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
A lot of the stories I am asked to look at involve organisations trying to make big claims based on surveys of tiny numbers of people with questionable methodology.
Aberdeen chairman Stewart Milne thinks the club have retained "one of the best management teams in the UK".
European aviation safety officials have extended the grounding of Super Puma helicopters amid concerns about its gearbox.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after an incident outside a West Lothian nightclub.
Maersk, the Danish shipping and oil firm, said it will probably make $600m (£389m) less profit than previously thought, as global demand dropped.
Irish folk singer Enya says it would be "very possible" to perform her songs on tour for the first time.
Labour has won back Gower from the Conservatives, a seat the party won by 27 votes in 2015.
The government recommended the closure of the former shipbuilding giant, Harland and Wolff, in 1987, according to newly declassified files.
David Bowie, Skepta and Craig David are up for some of the biggest prizes at the 2017 Brit Awards.
A toy boat set sail by American school pupils has been found thousands of miles away by a family in Ceredigion.
Fresh concerns have emerged over the future of Tata Steel's UK assets, which include the huge Port Talbot works.
The UK economy grew at its slowest rate since mid-2013 in the three months to January, according to the CBI.
Torino have signed Italy goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu from Paris St-Germain.
The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission has called on the Executive to do more to improve life for people from minority ethnic backgrounds.
The leader of the attack on Garissa University in Kenya has been killed, officials in Somalia say.
A primary school teacher accused of indecently assaulting his pupils has been cleared of all charges.
Model toymaker Hornby has said a takeover offer from its largest shareholder, Phoenix Asset Management, "significantly undervalues" the firm.
Bristol City are closing in on the signing of striker Arnold Garita, a player that manager Steve Cotterill has described as a "£50,000 punt".
Francis Amin Michael Paul has been elected as the new president of the South Sudan Football Association (SSFA).
European medallist Ciara Mageean was left "disappointed" as she was edged out over 800m at the Morton Games despite setting a big personal best.
Some of the UK's biggest companies face "difficult discussions" over their growing pension deficits, according to a pensions consultancy.
Ryan Christie hopes to make an immediate impression on new manager Brendan Rodgers and force his way into the Celtic team for the coming season.
A hacker looking for ways to breach Facebook's internal network has uncovered traces of another hacker who got there first.
Salman Rushdie has been pilloried by Indian tweeters after confronting a parody account @RushdieExplains.
The programme for the 12th Inverness Film Festival has been announced.
Four sea lions have returned to the ocean after being nursed back to health.
The incidence of Lyme disease on Uist is far greater than that on neighbouring islands, according to figures gathered by BBC Gaelic News.
Coventry City's on-loan Aston Villa midfielder Joe Cole has completed a move to the Ricoh Arena on a deal until the end of the season.
Rotherham United have signed Swansea winger Alex Bray for an undisclosed fee until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May has signed the letter that will formally begin the UK's departure from the European Union, following June's referendum which resulted in a vote to leave the EU.
The father and step-mother of murdered Western Isles teenager Liam Aitchison have called for bail to be refused to people who are charged with murder.
One of the "founding fathers" of the humans rights movement, Professor Sir Nigel Rodley, has died at the age of 75.
Pastor James McConnell says he is prepared to go to jail to defend his right to free speech.
An ex-police officer has admitted violating the civil rights of a black man he was filmed shooting to death, in a case that sparked a national outcry.
Bangladeshi police have charged seven people, including an opposition politician, over the murder of an Italian aid worker.
The X Factor results show was watched by an average of 8.4m on Sunday, an improvement on recent ratings but still down on last year's final figure.
The husband of a British-Iranian woman in jail in Iran says he hopes "senior intervention" from UK and Iranian authorities will lead to her release.
Ballot papers are going out this morning for the Labour leadership contest after a weekend of various grandees apparently dreaming up new schemes to stop Jeremy Corbyn.
Colombia's Mining Minister German Arce has questioned whether the result of a referendum held in the town of Cajamarca, where 98% of residents voted against a major gold mining project, will prevail.
Milkybars are about to get milkier, as the recipe changes for the first time in 81 years.
Lawmakers in the Philippines have removed the environmental secretary, who angered the mining industry by ordering the closure of more than half the country's existing mines.
Royal Family members have taken part in a service to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.
Human remains found in the wreck of the Costa Concordia are believed to be the last victim of the cruise ship's 2012 capsize, Italian officials have said.
The son of a Russian MP has been convicted on charges that he orchestrated a hacking scheme that targeted US pizza restaurants.
Sinn Féin MLAs who claimed almost £700,000 in expenses for research from a company run by the party's finance managers did nothing wrong, the Assembly Commission has found.
A tunnel has been discovered in a Mexican prison, stashed with drugs, alcohol and sharp tools, according to local authorities.
Fidel Castro was a fixture of international politics for more than 50 years.
The new Doctor Who companion will be revealed live on BBC One on Saturday night.
An organisation that represents immigrant groups has issued new advice to Irish people in the US.
Suriname have pulled out of May's World Cricket League Division Five tournament in Jersey after an inquiry into the eligibility of their players.
A 31-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was shot in the head in Lurgan in County Armagh.
Australia has resettled about half of the 12,000 refugees it agreed to take in over the past 13 months from the conflict in Syria, but how are they adapting to life in their new country?
European stocks have fallen after a Greek minister said that Athens would struggle to meet its upcoming debt payments.
A volunteer netball and football coach from Cwmbran has been named as BBC Wales Sport's Unsung Hero for 2016.
Sunderland say they will not be signing Yann M'Vila in January after being told the French midfielder no longer wants to re-join the Premier League club.
Plans to ban e-cigarettes in some public places will be dropped from Wales' public health bill, the first minister has said.
Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson has threatened to resign unless there is a judicial inquiry into secret letters given to more than 180 Irish republican paramilitary suspects.
It has all the ingredients of a Hollywood blockbuster but the tale of sex, money and corruption that is gripping Ghanaian cinema-goers is a three-hour documentary that purports to expose judicial corruption.
A record number of people have signed up for postal votes ahead of Guernsey's election next week.
A large number of works of art have been seized from a Cotswold art gallery after allegations of fraud and theft.
England wicketkeeper-batter Sarah Taylor will not appear for Lancashire Thunder in the inaugural edition of the Super League.
Further details of guests invited to attend the funeral of Baroness Thatcher at St Paul's Cathedral on Wednesday have been released.
Every year, a haze spreads across South East Asia - at the heart is Indonesia's Central Kalimantan, where raging forest fires cause the hazardous air pollution.
A man who was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving after jurors rejected claims that he fainted at the wheel has been jailed for three years.
An academy chain is scrapping the current form of governing bodies for its schools in England.
David Bowie's son Duncan Jones has announced he is to become a father for the first time.
A man who failed to take his severely-underweight and flea-infested dog to a vet has been banned from keeping animals for 10 years.
A fire on a bus in China that killed five South Korean and six Chinese children was started deliberately by the driver, Chinese state media say.
There are only a few days left until the people of Scotland decide whether or not to become an independent country.
Mark Warburton says his goal at the start of the season was simply to be "highly competitive" in the Scottish Premiership and Rangers have done that.
Rail staff at a Lancashire station are on strike this weekend after a worker was sacked for allegedly putting hand gel in a supervisor's coffee cup.
Calls have been made for Wales to have greater control over food hygiene.
A baby sleeping with his mum on a sofa was found cold and unresponsive when she woke up, an inquest has heard.
A recommendation not to prosecute Gerry Adams over allegations he withheld information on sexual abuse within his family was not politically motivated, a police watchdog has found.
Discussions continue in court over where terminally ill baby Charlie Gard should spend his final days.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Joe Perry 6-3 to reach the Welsh Open final where he will play Neil Robertson.
Plans for a £19m police custody centre to replace three "outdated and inefficient" suites are being submitted to Sheffield City Council.
Monaco missed the chance to go six points clear at the top of Ligue 1 after being held by Bastia.
Former Watford and Coventry boss Aidy Boothroyd has been confirmed as manager of the England Under-21 team.
British number one Johanna Konta boosted her hopes of reaching the WTA Finals in Singapore by beating Hungary's Timea Babos in straight sets to reach the China Open third round.
Nominations have closed in the contest to replace Jim Murphy as Scottish Labour leader.
Twenty-eight people have been injured in a "terrorist attack" on a bus in Israel's commercial capital Tel Aviv, Israeli officials say.
One of the UK's most exclusive golf clubs is to start charging £125,000 to new joiners.
It's 70 years since Anne Frank's diary was published.
In the game of snakes and property ladders, winning now looks a lot more difficult for young buyers.
Rangers have signed winger Nathan Oduwa and defensive-midfielder Dominic Ball on a season-long loan from Tottenham Hotspur.
Surrey qualified for the One-Day Cup knockout stages despite rain causing their game at Gloucestershire to be called off without a ball being bowled.
The way tolls on a Pembrokeshire bridge are managed are to be reviewed after a complaint to a spending watchdog.
Some paedophiles with images of child abuse will escape prosecution, the head of the National Crime Agency has said.
Rare hen harriers have bred successfully at a National Trust for Scotland (NTS) estate in the Cairngorms for the first time in living memory.
Violence is on the rise at a riot-hit jail because of a high volume of illegal drugs inside, inspectors say.
Troubled doorstep lender Provident Financial has gone from being Tuesday's biggest stock market loser to Wednesday's biggest winner.
David Rudisha became the first athlete since New Zealand's Peter Snell in 1964 to retain the men's 800m Olympic title.
Queens Park Rangers have signed midfielder Josh Scowen on a three-year deal following his exit from Championship rivals Barnsley.
More than 30 Malaysian activists remain in detention, after being arrested at the weekend weeks before a planned mass rally calling for electoral reforms.
North Korea appears to have suffered a second internet blackout, according to internet performance measuring firm Dyn Research.
A poem by Dutch schoolgirl Anne Frank written shortly before her family went into hiding from the Nazis has sold at auction for €140,000 ($148,000; £120,000), well over the estimate.
A much-changed Glasgow Warriors side cruised to a bonus-point victory over Zebre in the Pro12.
"All of a sudden the doors would open and there would be masked men with either cudgels or a gun."
Former welterweight champion Manny Pacquiao's controversial loss to Jeff Horn has been rescored by WBO judges - who reached the same result.
Greece's government has agreed a reform programme and will submit its proposals to its international lenders soon, the defence minister has said.
A large crack has appeared in a cliff face in East Sussex.
As always seems to be the case, the marquee move of the summer transfer window was left to the final day, with Virgil van Dijk's long-touted switch to Southampton from Celtic finally being completed.
Facebook has confirmed that it is in the early stages of testing a wi-fi service with Indian internet service providers (ISPs).
Nigeria has devalued the naira, saying a drop in oil prices had made it hard to defend its currency.
The outgoing head of the civil service has predicted another five years of UK government spending cuts - and he said making the cuts would be "even harder".
Burundi's opposition has rejected a proposal by the electoral commission to hold presidential polls on 15 July.
A shortlist of 12 artists has been announced for the Welsh Music Prize 2016.
Homes have been evacuated and traffic has been disrupted due to an ongoing security alert in Southway, Londonderry.
Australia says the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will focus on the southern part of the search area in the Indian Ocean.
More than £31m is required to treat patients who have been waiting more than a year for some appointments, the health minister has said.
Legionella bacteria appears to be "common" in many compost brands sold in the UK, a study has found.
Forfar Athletic chairman Alastair Donald has conceded he has no solution to the recent spate in flares and smoke bombs being thrown by supporters.
Mahmoud Abbas, also known as Abu Mazen, has led the Palestinian Authority since he was elected as its president in January 2005.
Shareholders of Canada's Nexen have approved the takeover bid by China's state-owned CNOOC to acquire the firm in a $15.1bn (£9.3bn) deal.
Eight women and a child have reportedly been killed in an overnight air raid on a funeral reception near Yemen's rebel-held capital, Sanaa.
Taylor Swift dominated at the Billboard music awards winning eight of the 14 categories in which she was nominated.
There have been concerns that the quality of education has been stagnant in too many countries across Latin America.
Pembrokeshire council is consulting on how to best regulate horse-drawn carriages in the county.
The influx of more than a million refugees and migrants to the Greek islands in the past year has stirred up difficult memories for a dwindling group who followed the same route during World War Two, but in reverse.
England were pushed further towards defeat on day three of the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam.
The UK faces a "cocktail" of serious threats from a slowing global economy as 2016 begins, Chancellor George Osborne has warned.
Delegates at the Cites conservation meeting in Thailand's capital, Bangkok, have voted to extend the protection to a threatened species of shark.
Sky's independent directors have recommended a takeover offer from 21st Century Fox valuing the company at Â£18.5bn.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the rape of a woman which took place 30 years ago.
The US has announced bolstered security measures at government buildings across the nation in the wake of an attack on Canadian parliament.
A sequel to HG Wells's The War of the Worlds is to be published in 2017 when the copyright on the original expires.
A man with stab wounds was left outside a hospital in a van with blacked-out windows, police have said.
A new Italian government has been sworn in at the presidential Quirinale Palace in Rome.
The public will not have confidence in the police unless there are more black and ethnic minority officers, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
Ghana coach Avrant Grant believes the poor pitches at the Africa Cup of Nations are damaging the players.
A screening at the Cannes Film Festival had to be stopped after technical problems during the first few minutes of the film.
A former senior judge was "not aware" a man was a convicted sex offender when he was admitted to a voluntary police force, an inquiry has heard.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said it is necessary to redefine terrorism to include those who support such acts.
A man with more than 100 convictions has been jailed for 10 years for robbing a bookmakers in Londonderry.
A tractor driver was almost three times the legal alcohol limit when he reversed into an 11-year-old boy, an inquest has heard.
South Africa is home to some amazing wild animals, but poaching from wildlife reserves in Africa is a big problem.
Maria Balshaw, the head of Manchester's acclaimed Whitworth Art Gallery, has been chosen to run the Tate art empire.
More than 100 youngsters will pay tribute to murdered MP Jo Cox by staging a performance of her favourite musical in her constituency.
People from 11 towns, villages and suburbs all called Whitchurch, have gathered in Whitchurch, Hampshire, for the Worldwide Whitchurch Weekend.
At least 20,000 people from Myanmar have fled across the border to China after violence erupted between ethnic rebels and the security forces.
Two fishermen who went to sea in a homemade boat they built for £9 had to be rescued when their oars broke.
An MP has called for an inquiry after surgeons said patients had died waiting for heart surgery at the University Hospital of Wales (UHW) in Cardiff.
The BBC has confirmed that its iPlayer service is coming to the new Apple TV.
Tributes have been paid to a triathlete whose body was found after he disappeared during a race near Maidstone on Saturday.
Wales fans hoping to follow their team on the official Euro 2016 app were left disappointed - after the country was not included.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has told striker Luis Suarez he must apologise for his recent conduct.
Reports that a firefighting plane crashed during an operation to tackle huge blazes in central Portugal have been denied by the country's civil protection authority.
The accused men sat behind the bars of their cage in blue prison-issue pyjamas, their heads close-cropped.
Reading forward Hal Robson-Kanu says he will be fit for Wales' Euro 2016 campaign in France this summer.
A prolific eBay conman has been caught again after failing to deliver a car part to a police officer who ordered it from him online.
A police officer tried to incriminate two men over a "personal grudge" by faking a so-called "IS kidnap" of an officer, a court has heard.
The public debate over the 'gay cake' controversy may have been heated, but the three-day court case was a chilly affair.
Pope Francis has condemned those who fail to help migrants, during his traditional Easter speech in Rome.
Doncaster Rovers fans have reacted angrily to One Direction star Louis Tomlinson and his grandfather winning a competition to design the football club's new away kit.
A 23-year-old British woman who died in Thailand was unlawfully killed, an inquest has found.
The death toll after a car park collapsed while under construction in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv has risen to three, rescue workers say.
The fraternity at the centre of a discredited Rolling Stone article about a campus rape has threatened to sue the magazine for its "reckless" reporting.
A man who murdered his brother by setting fire to him has been ordered to spend at least 20 years in jail.
A colony of rare birds could thwart a multimillion-pound scheme to redevelop an island in Plymouth Sound.
Wasps centre Elliot Daly is set for his England debut after being named in Eddie Jones' 23-man squad for Saturday's match against Ireland.
Noise from the Ineos petrochemical site in Grangemouth caused "significant disturbance" to the public on Tuesday night, according to Sepa.
East Kilbride captain Barry Russell admits that seeing Celtic being drawn on TV as potential Scottish Cup opponents led to a domestic mishap.
Terry Flanagan retained his WBO world lightweight title with a unanimous points decision over Derry Mathews.
A woman who spent her life savings on dental implants that had to be removed says she feels "butchered" by her dentist.
Creating the poll tax was a "serious mistake", one of the architects of the ill-fated charge has said.
England women began their 2017 season with a 1-0 friendly defeat by Norway in Spain, bringing their 10-match unbeaten run to an end.
Ryan Edwards' second-half header secured Plymouth Argyle a draw at Southend United in League One.
Eleven new beach huts the size of garden sheds have sold for a total of £462,000.
It was the season in which Chelsea played by their own record book.
Reality TV star Charlotte Crosby has been banned from driving for three years after being convicted of a second drink-driving offence.
The body of a crew member has been located in the wreckage of a rescue helicopter which crashed earlier this month, gardaÃ­ (Irish police) have confirmed.
Chester have signed full-back Andy Halls on a one-year deal after he turned down a new contract with fellow National League side Macclesfield Town.
Four red cards, a mass brawl and a manager struck on the head by a bottle - little wonder then that Panathinaikos v PAOK Salonika was abandoned.
A new report into the murders of two men shot by loyalist paramiltaries 20 years ago has concluded the RUC did not do enough to prevent their murders.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt expects fly-half Jonathan Sexton to be fit for the Six Nations opener away to Scotland on 4 February.
If you ask experienced people in the world of broadcasting what they think of these salary disclosures, three clear and consistent points are apparent.
Wales claimed a bonus point as they opened their World Cup campaign with a stuttering eight-try win over battling Uruguay at the Millennium Stadium.
Preliminary results from Monday's general election in Suriname suggest the party of incumbent President Desi Bouterse has a comfortable lead.
A man has been charged with murder after the death of a man found injured in a Glasgow street.
Police are re-investigating the murders of two Catholics because of information from interviews about the Troubles by former loyalist paramilitaries for a history project by Boston College.
Idris Elba is planning to release an album of music inspired by his BBC detective character Luther.
Cars were trapped on the southbound M40 in Buckinghamshire overnight after a crane burst into flames, closing the motorway,
A man has been arrested and bailed after muck was spread across the steps of Derby Crown Court.
Two Yemeni detainees held at the controversial US military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have been transferred to Ghana.
YouTube has denied making changes to its algorithms, after its most popular star said he would delete his channel.
Olympic 2012 silver medallist Michael Jamieson admits he is "leaning towards" retirement from swimming, but will decide his future in the coming weeks.
A portrait of Sir David Attenborough has been unveiled to commemorate his 90th birthday - in a museum where he once volunteered.
League One club Northampton Town have signed Burnley striker Chris Long on a season-long loan deal.
A City trader has been jailed for six years after being convicted of raping a woman at an office party in London.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have thanked well-wishers as Prince George celebrates his first birthday.
Belfast councillor Ruth Patterson has been expelled from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), its leader Peter Robinson has told the BBC.
Delhi's "house of horrors", as the Indian media call it, is now hidden behind an overgrown bougainvillea covered in pretty flowers.
A driving examiner has been sentenced to 240 hours community service for misconduct in public office.
Mexico celebrated double success at the 14th Homeless World Cup in Glasgow after both their men's and women's teams retained their titles.
A nursery worker intentionally hung a one-year-old child in her care, police say.
Two men have been reported to the procurator fiscal over the alleged rape of a woman in the south side of Glasgow earlier this year.
Two agreements have been signed aimed at creating one of the most significant tidal power sites in Europe, Alderney Renewable Energy has announced.
Michael Dell has said he will buy back the world's number three PC-maker that he founded and that carries his name.
At the height of his new-found fame Robert Burns embarked on a series of tours around Scotland, keeping company with some of the wealthiest and most powerful people in the land.
Former India cricketer Virender Sehwag is being accused of trolling a student on Twitter.
The rate of UK Consumer Prices Index inflation fell to 0% in June, from 0.1% in May, official figures show.
Celtic have signed Sweden international right-back Mikael Lustig on a pre-contract agreement.
The first laws passed by the assembly have been largely unambitious, a leading figure in the campaign for law-making powers in Wales has said.
Stocks on Wall Street have closed higher, with tech stocks recovering some of the ground lost in recent days.
League Two side Cambridge United have re-signed left-back Max Clark on a six-month loan deal from Hull City.
It was the first fully-fledged Conservative Budget for nearly two decades, and one that was as deeply political as it was fiscal.
Japan's Sony has swung into profit for the year to March, helped by strong sales in its games division.
The Belfast blitz devastated a city that up until 1941 had remained unscathed during World War Two.
A mother who admitted killing her toddler son at their Lisburn home almost two years ago has been placed under a psychiatric hospital order.
Boris Johnson does not seem to understand "the difference between fact and fiction", former Tory chairman Lord Patten has told BBC Newsnight.
More than half of teachers in England (53%) are thinking of quitting in the next two years, a survey has suggested.
Scottish teachers are to receive new advice on reducing the impact of poverty on their pupils.
A teenager was shot dead in what may have been a case of mistaken identity after his alleged killers sought revenge on a rival, a court heard.
Montenegro Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic has declared victory in elections and pledged to push for closer ties to Nato and the EU.
A rare white koala joey has been born at a zoo in Queensland, Australia.
A convicted rapist has been found guilty of raping a woman and attacking another just days after being released from prison in June last year.
G7 nations are meeting in Italy to try to hammer out a unified approach to the Syria conflict, in the wake of last week's suspected chemical attack.
Italy has boosted security at Jewish sites in Milan after an Israeli Jew was stabbed in the city, officials said.
Solihull has moved closer to joining the proposal for a West Midlands combined authority.
The number of mortgages being approved by banks and building societies is at its lowest for a year and a half, according to Bank of England figures.
Seven people have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in child sexual abuse and extortion.
David Grace was unable to repeat his 2015 UK Championship heroics but said he did little wrong in his 6-2 first-round defeat by China's Zhao Xintong.
A father really went to town when his son asked for a Transformers outfit for World Book Day.
International police body Interpol has said it will coordinate a French-led global investigation into doping allegations in athletics.
A teenager has been remanded in custody charged with the attempted murder of a father and son in a knife attack on the outskirts of north Belfast.
Scotland is falling behind the rest of the UK on efforts to protect the harbour porpoise, according to environmental campaigners.
Championship One leaders Bangor came from two goals down to beat Premiership title challengers Crusaders in the League Cup quarter-finals.
California's SpaceX company has successfully re-flown a segment from one of its Falcon 9 rockets.
Heavy fog is causing disruption across western Europe, with low visibility leading to significant flight delays.
Plymouth Argyle manager Derek Adams has signed a new four-year contract with the League Two club.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of former BBC DJ and Crackerjack presenter Ed "Stewpot" Stewart in his hometown.
A course for space mission controllers has started in Cornwall.
Eight people have been arrested as part of an international investigation into the supply of 'skunk' cannabis into Northern Ireland.
A documentary-drama about the making of the Dad's Army television series will begin filming in Northern Ireland this month.
Australia's prime minister has said he "read the riot act" to three ministers after they went home early, meaning his government lost a series of votes.
The extent of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions "hidden" in imported goods is growing, according to two studies.
Glasgow Warriors can still make the Pro12 play-offs but will need to win the last five games of the regular season to do so, says Nick Grigg.
France's former Justice Minister Rachida Dati has hit out at "political plotters" in her own UMP party after it emerged auditors had rejected expenses claims of nearly €190,000 (£137,000) for items including luxury clothing.
Iraq is a country in the Middle East that has been in the news for many years because of fighting there.
Algeria international Nabil Bentaleb has joined German side Schalke 04 on a season-long loan from English Premier League side Tottenham.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a prison officer in a bomb attack in Belfast last week.
Thailand's 88-year-old king, the world's longest-reigning monarch, has undergone heart surgery, the Thai Royal Household Bureau said.
The channel tunnel train service Eurostar said it made an operating loss of 28m euros (Â£25m, $30m) in 2016 following a drop in passenger numbers.
The number of children missing school in Wales has fallen to an all time low, government statistics have shown.
A man accused of murder has told a court he is "easily led".
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has said its senior executive Patrick Liu is in police custody over corruption allegations related to his previous job with internet company Tencent.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has defended the standard of Scottish football as his unbeaten side close in on the Premiership title.
An election candidate has apologised for joking that he "could be caught with my pants down behind a goat with Ed Miliband at the other end".
A seven-year-old boy has died in hospital five days after he was hit by a car in Stoke-on-Trent.
Europe's proposed laws on "conflict minerals" will fail to slow trade in the raw materials, claim rights groups.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says anyone found guilty of corruption in football should be banned for life.
Manager Tony Pulis has left Crystal Palace by mutual consent less than 48 hours before the start of the season.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga faces at least two months out with a groin injury.
Linfield remain top of the Irish Premiership after overcoming 10-man Coleraine at the Showgrounds.
Allowing 16-year-olds to vote will make them more vulnerable to sexual abuse, an MP has said.
A television advert in which a tearful woman meets a slimmer and happier version of herself has been banned by the Advertising Standards Authority.
The cleric, Hassan Rouhani, who is being sworn-in as President of Iran this weekend, used to stroll the streets of the Scottish city, Glasgow, dressed in a smart business suit, his turban removed.
Engineers working at the St Albans sinkhole have revealed the ground is still moving and cracks are appearing.
The Australian outback pub made famous by the 1980s film Crocodile Dundee is up for sale.
National League club Barrow have signed midfielder Liam Hughes from Scottish outfit Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A couple whose personal details were revealed in a data breach by holiday company Thomson have cancelled their Caribbean trip over fears they could be burgled while away.
A ceremony has been held in the Isle of Man to mark the centenary of a "wonder of British engineering".
A Japanese pop star has shaved her head and offered a filmed apology after breaking her management firm's rules by spending a night with her boyfriend.
The Google Now service is being extended to Apple's iPhones and iPads.
Welsh pupils' exam performance continued to improve this year, official data has suggested.
The four Scottish victims of the Sousse massacre in Tunisia are among nine bodies returned to the UK on an RAF flight.
A prominent loyalist who was murdered in north Belfast had been warned by police about his safety within the past few months, officers have confirmed.
US veteran of the Korean War Merrill Newman has arrived in San Francisco after being released by North Korea.
The police have been investigating 160 cases of internet sex blackmail in Northern Ireland over the past year, a senior PSNI officer has said.
David Dimbleby is to host the BBC's 2017 general election programme.
League Two side Morecambe have confirmed that all players and staff have been paid after a delay.
Uganda's censorship board has banned a Dutch film, The Dinner Club, after accusing it of "glorifying homosexuality" the Embassy of The Netherlands in Kampala has said.
Uber boss Travis Kalanick plans to take time away from the company, and could return in a diminished role.
A military scene has been included as part of a stained glass window at a church in Plymouth.
Wigan Athletic goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen has signed an extended deal at the League One club that will expire in the summer of 2017.
Glasgow is revoking a city-wide air quality management plan after a major improvement in pollution levels.
Barking dogs account for about a fifth of all noise complaints in Suffolk, it has emerged.
A woman who captured the hearts of many South Africans for her brave battle against premature aging disorder progeria has died aged 18.
Schools and hospital services have been closed in parts of northern England, as emergency services continue to battle against the effects of Storm Desmond.
Ayr United and Dunfermline Athletic had to settle for a point apiece in front of a healthy crowd at Somerset Park.
Marc Fucarile didn't really want to go watch the Boston Marathon last year - he'd never been before and isn't keen on crowds.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering father-of-two Darren Adie by repeatedly stabbing him on the body in Fife.
Red wine may not be as good for you as hoped, say scientists who have studied the drink's ingredient that is purported to confer good health.
Australia's central bank has cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to 3%, as it looks to counter a slowdown in its mining sector.
Thousands of fans have gathered at Brazil's Chapecoense stadium to pay tribute to those killed when the football team's plane crashed.
Comic and 30 Rock star Tracy Morgan has settled his legal case against Walmart over a crash which left him seriously injured, and killed his friend.
A girl who died of meningitis "was not given a chance" by the hospital which sent her home 48 hours before her death, an inquest has heard.
I've got five take-outs from the Article 50 bill so far.
Aston Villa made light of their early-season wobbles as they deservedly beat Norwich City to claim their first Championship win of the season.
Arlene Foster, who became Northern Ireland first minister on Monday, faces a "fairly daunting task" according to the man who considered challenging her for the job of party leader.
The Perseid Meteor shower is lighting up the night skies and many kids across the UK are staying up late to enjoy it.
One person has been taken to hospital after a fire at a bar in Inverness.
A robot that can serve ice cream has been revealed at a shopping centre in China.
Five men have been arrested after a body was found at a convenience store in Cambridge.
A man who claimed he killed his neighbour in an act of self defence has been jailed for life for murder.
Three men have been targeted in a series of robberies after using a gay dating website to arrange meetings.
Actor Matthew Rhys, the star of Cold War drama series The Americans, returned to his home city Cardiff to open a Welsh language festival.
Pitiful scenes of cheetah cubs lying emaciated and bewildered highlight one of the cruellest but least-publicised examples of illegal wildlife trafficking.
A man who used Facebook to find young girls to have unlawful sex with has been jailed for more than three years.
Kyrgyzstan has ruled out a suspect named in media reports in connection with the new year attack on an Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people.
Women's groups and activists in India have criticised an influential Muslim group for saying that "men have greater power of decision making".
Ever wondered what it's like to spend 24 hours in the world of Zlatan Ibrahimovic?
Colwyn Bay's Victoria pier has failed to win a £9.6m bid for lottery heritage restoration cash and now faces demolition.
A former Scotland Office minister is calling for a "double referendum" to determine Scotland's constitutional future.
Turkey's president has signalled that he intends to revive plans to redevelop a central Istanbul park which sparked large anti-government protests in 2013.
Wales have sought the advice of former Scotland manager Craig Brown to help their preparations for the Euro 2016 Championship in France.
UK interest rates should be raised, despite risks in the economy, according to a member of the Bank of England's rate-setting committee.
Ryan Giggs has ended his 29-year stay at Manchester United by agreeing a settlement with the Old Trafford club.
A banned driver has admitted killing a great-great-grandmother in Maesteg, Bridgend county.
Petit Mouchoir ran out an impressive winner of the Ryanair Hurdle at Leopardstown on Thursday with odds-on favourite Nichols Canyon in second.
After four years of battling, it was all over in 10 minutes.
From 30-minute halves to dribbling straight from a free-kick, proposals have been put forward to change the game of football as we know it.
Nottingham Forest have signed out-of-favour Hull City winger Thomas Ince on loan until the end of December.
Sunderland goalkeeper Vito Mannone will be out for at least three months and could require an operation after tearing elbow ligaments.
More than 2,000 fixed penalty notices were issued to motorists and cyclists during the first three days of a police road safety operation across London.
Ongoing issues about the workload linked to the new school qualifications in Scotland are expected to be discussed later.
Last week I woke up to the news that HK Magazine, irreverent and wry and which gave me my first full-time job in journalism, is to be closed down after 25 years.
The collapse of the NI Events Company quango has been described as one of the worst scandals since devolution.
A popular arts project which brought 50 life-sized fibre glass dolphins to Aberdeen is drawing to a close.
Football history is littered with examples of seemingly lost causes rescued by a great redeemer, situations that appear hopeless being turned around by somebody who knows exactly what they're doing.
Plaid Cymru's Dafydd Llywelyn has been elected Dyfed-Powys police and crime commissioner.
Public service bodies are failing to learn lessons because of complaints being handled in an inadequate way, the ombudsman has said.
Manchester City's Claudio Bravo will miss the last four games of the Premier League season with a calf injury.
The band of drummers, with their matching shirts and bright bandanas, is beating out a fast-paced tattoo to a small appreciative audience.
Britain's financial regulator created a false market in shares of life insurers last year, a group of MPs has said.
Former pirate radio and Radio One DJ Dave Cash is celebrating 50 years of broadcasting.
Chris Coleman has been unveiled as the new Wales manager to replace the late Gary Speed.
Plans for a sculpture near the remains of Hull's ancient defence walls have been criticised by the chamber of commerce.
World number one Jason Day equalled the course record to take a two-shot first-round lead at the Players Championship.
Detectives are looking for two men who left another man dying after a street attack in Glasgow.
David Cameron's luck ran out at the moment of his greatest triumph.
Great Britain beat Italy in the men's quarter-finals of the European Wheelchair Basketball Championships to qualify for the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
Coal, the dirtiest and most polluting of all the major fossil fuels, is making a comeback.
TalkTalk's handling of a wi-fi password breach is being criticised by several cyber-security experts.
Lord Grabiner has become the second peer in recent days to resign the Labour whip in the Lords.
Something strange has happened to Formula 1 in Germany.
About a dozen female detainees at Yarl's Wood detention centre in Bedfordshire were involved in a "small" protest on Tuesday night.
Three detectives stole a man's life savings in a raid on his home, a court has heard.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is poised to become the first judge on the country's highest court to perform a same-sex marriage.
The largest avalanche recorded by the Sportscotland Avalanche Information Service so far this season has been discovered in the Southern Cairngorms.
Forest Green Rovers Football Club has won an award for growing an "organic" pitch avoiding the use of chemicals.
Doncaster Rovers have signed Sheffield United defender Andy Butler on loan until January.
Bolton Wanderers will begin life back in the third tier of English football for the first time since 1992-93 with a home game against Sheffield United.
At least 68 people are reported to have been killed in fresh clashes between government troops and Houthi rebels in north-west Yemen near the Saudi border.
Residents in a Surrey town have claimed their lives are being made a misery due to the smell from nearby sewage works.
A commander of Colombia's largest rebel group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc), was among five rebels killed in a bombing raid on Monday, the Colombian military says.
Italy centre Michele Campagnaro will have to wait to make his Exeter debut.
Barclays Bank is to end its sponsorship of the ATP World Tour Finals tennis tournament.
Euro MPs have called for companies to carry out mandatory checks to stop "conflict minerals" entering Europe from war zones.
A company responsible for council payroll services has apologised after staff at a school were left without wages, or paid incorrectly.
Swansea City chairman Huw Jenkins says the club's proposed takeover by an American consortium may not be completed until next season.
A coach driver involved in a crash which left three people dead on the M1 in Bedfordshire has been arrested.
A 95-year-old former SS member will go on trial in north-east Germany next month accused of assisting in the mass murder of Auschwitz death camp inmates.
New research into infant mortality rates at former mother and baby homes in Northern Ireland has added weight to calls for a public inquiry.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has declared his Muslim-majority country an Islamic republic, saying the move marks a break with the colonial past.
A man driving a car in which his passenger was shot dead by police on the M62 has appeared in court.
A man in his 40s has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after being shot in the neck in Carrickfergus, County Antrim.
Turkey has dramatically stepped up its involvement in the conflicts across its south-eastern border, bombing both militants from the Islamic State (IS) group and Kurdish militants, and allowing the US to use a key airbase.
Plans for more than 100 homes are being drawn-up for the former Brooks Laundry complex in Bristol.
Two kayakers got into difficulty after their craft capsized in bad weather while making an evening crossing between the isles of Raasay and Skye.
The chairman of Derry City Football Club has warned that European football at Brandywell stadium is under threat.
The man suspected of attacking soldiers with two machetes at Paris's Louvre Museum on Friday has confirmed his identity to investigators and given his version of events, judicial sources say.
US founding father Thomas Jefferson once said a "little rebellion now and then is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world, as storms in the physical".
Robots should be used to place demolition charges at the base of the collapsed Didcot power station because using people "carries inherent risks to life", the site owner has said.
BBC Monitoring, the UK service that translates and analyses global media, is in danger of becoming a "hollow shell", MPs have warned.
As huge schools of tuna cut swiftly across the Western Pacific on a migration course that spans thousands of kilometres, they cluster by size.
The jury is still out on the effectiveness of methods to control the hospital superbug MRSA, according to an international report in the Lancet.
Brigitte Macron, the wife of French President Emmanuel Macron, is getting an official role but without the title "first lady".
Armenia's President Serge Sarkisian has urged gunmen holding four hostages at a police station in Yerevan to free their captives and lay down their arms.
Hot weather is set to disrupt trains in the Thames Valley area with speeds being cut over fears of rails buckling.
Sutton United's players will "go down in history" despite missing out on a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals, said manager Paul Doswell.
Online retailer eBay has reported better-than-expected results but added that a strong dollar substantially hurt the company's results.
After England handsomely defeated South Africa in the first Test at Lord's, I wrote that new captain Joe Root had been given an easy ride.
ITV show Britain's Got Talent will not be investigated by the broadcasting watchdog over a sword-swallowing act that drew 33 complaints.
The Conservative Party has chosen its candidates for two by-elections.
Oldham have signed striker Aaron Amadi-Holloway on loan from League Two side Wycombe for the rest of the season.
MSPs have given widely differing views of the impact in south west Scotland of new wild salmon stock protection rules.
Oil militancy has made a comeback in Nigeria with a recent wave of attacks carried out by the Niger Delta Avengers.
Many people would enjoy opening their front door to see a Hollywood star making their new movie, but residents living in the Aylesbury and Heygate housing estates in South London have had enough of film-makers.
France has insisted that the UK must first sort out the terms of its exit from the European Union before talks can move on to future relationships.
Northwich Victoria, who reached the second round two seasons ago and the third round in 2006, will face local rivals 1874 Northwich - a breakaway club formed five years ago - in the extra preliminary round of the FA Cup.
Real Madrid missed out on a record-breaking 17th consecutive La Liga victory as they drew with Villarreal.
Police have released new images of a man they want to talk to in connection with an acid attack in east London.
The murder of a Pakistani politician in north London a year ago was "carefully planned", Scotland Yard has said, as it offered a £20,000 reward for details.
Some 17,000 education and training places could go  as a result of severe cutbacks, the Department for Employment and Learning has revealed.
A man who drove for 20 miles on a motorway after taking drugs was "foaming from the mouth" when he was stopped by police, a court has heard.
Secretary of State James Brokenshire has told the House of Commons the continuation of the Common Travel Area between Northern Ireland and the Republic will be a "priority issue".
Police have released an image of a man they want to talk to in connection with an acid attack in east London.
Gunmen have attacked a bus carrying Coptic Christians in central Egypt, killing at least 26 people and wounding 25 others, state media report.
Dave Whelan says he will resign as Wigan chairman if the Football Association punishes him for the controversy in which Cardiff owner Vincent Tan has labelled him "racist".
A shuttle bus service is being put in place to help passengers stranded after the collapse of a major road during Storm Desmond.
Alex Salmond said the Scottish lion had "roared", after he won the Gordon seat for the SNP in the general election.
R2-D2 is to make an appearance in the next outing of Star Wars, makers LucasFilm have confirmed.
At least 27 people, including two children, have been killed and dozens more injured in a bomb attack on a cafe in the Iraqi capital Baghdad, officials have said.
A French TV host's campaign to ban junk-food stalls on the chic Rue de Rivoli has got le tout Paris wondering: "What on Earth is eating our Thierry?"
Abu Dhabi police are travelling to the US state of Ohio to "participate in the investigation" into the death of an Emirati student who was shot by police.
Ireland suffered another chastening defeat as Bangladesh clinched an eight-wicket win with 22.5 overs to spare in the Tri-Nations game in Dublin.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez was left fuming at what he said was a "hurtful and unfair" exit at the hands of Manchester City in the Capital One Cup.
Ghana is planning to recruit 177 doctors from Cuba to work at state-run hospitals hit by a doctors' strike, Health Minister Alex Segbefia has said.
Middlesex's John Simpson hit a six with two balls remaining to seal a thrilling two-wicket win over Somerset in County Championship Division One.
Jeremy Corbyn has warned of the risk of another "winter crisis" in the NHS as he and David Cameron clashed over health at Prime Minister's Questions.
Hundreds of cyclists swapped lycra for flat caps, trilbies, berets and their sartorial best during a 12-mile ride.
Donald Trump's campaign team has sought to allay negative views expressed overseas towards its candidate, a day before the US goes to the polls.
Cyprus is to relax its citizenship rules for foreign investors who lost at least 3m euros (£2.5m) under an EU bailout deal.
In 1999, the residents of Deniliquin, a small farming community of 8,000 people on a drought and flood-prone plain 720km (450 miles) south-west of Sydney concocted a plan to kickstart tourism.
The prime minister is "deeply concerned" that Iraq War veterans could face threats of prosecution due to "fabricated" or "unjustified" claims of misconduct, Downing Street says.
A warning over the dangers of taking so-called legal highs has been issued by police after a teenager was taken to hospital.
A horse used in logging operations in a fragile wildlife habitat has been hauling timber in woodland at a museum of Highland life.
Scientists in Canada have launched what is set to become the world's largest study of the effects of lack of sleep on the brain.
Northampton Saints battled to a hard-fought victory over Gloucester in the wind and rain at Franklin's Gardens.
With just four days to go, Melania Trump makes a rare campaign appearance while everyone tries to make sense of new polls and early voting numbers.
The Queen's Baton Relay - heralding the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow - has been launched at Buckingham Palace.
Financial jobs in the US have finally rebounded but they're not growing where you might think.
Iran has denied any links to two men arrested in Canada on suspicion of planning an attack on a train.
Anti-drilling protesters are no longer facing injunction proceedings over an exploratory oil well site in County Antrim.
It was typical of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Migrants on a boat headed for Australia have told the UN that the crew was paid by the Australian navy to turn back.
The Belfast Health Trust has been allocated £1m in order to send patients currently on waiting lists to be treated in the private sector instead, the BBC has learned.
Norwegian cross-country skier Marit Bjoergen won the women's 30km mass start to become the most decorated female Winter Olympian.
Campaigners calling for improvements to the A14 have listed 12 sites they say are in need of improvement.
A maximum security prisoner has staged an audacious escape in the Australian state of New South Wales by tying bed sheets together to climb over a wall.
A Christmas tree in the centre of Larne has been replaced after complaints that it was an "eyesore".
The Seattle city council has voted to fine businesses and residents that do not recycle their food waste.
A secondary school has ruled parents must pay a compulsory charge of at least £149 for pupils to use Google Chromebooks in lessons.
The US has criticised Israeli plans to build hundreds of new homes in existing Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
A small number of Syrian refugees have arrived in Uruguay from Lebanon.
North Ferriby United have finalised their management team by appointing Darryn Stamp as assistant to new boss Steve Housham.
A man believed to be in his 20s has been shot dead in Dublin.
A primary school will be closed until September after high levels of formaldehyde were discovered last year.
Translink has postponed the introduction of a new timetable for the Enterprise train service to Dublin.
Rickie Fowler warmed up for next week's Masters by taking a one-shot lead after the first round of the Houston Open.
The UK must be prepared to walk away from the EU if sufficient reform is not achieved, Boris Johnson has said.
Google's DeepMind has extended the use of its Streams health app to Musgrove Park Hospital in Somerset.
A ban on chopping down trees in Sheffield has been overturned by the High Court.
St Johnstone have fined Danny Swanson and Richard Foster four weeks' wages for their on-field bust-up against Hamilton Academical.
Kimi Raikkonen will join Fernando Alonso at Ferrari in 2014.
Scientists believe they may have found a way to turn cancerous cells back into healthy tissue.
Drivers in England are clocking up the lowest number of miles on average since records began 12 years ago.
Afghan Vice-President Abdul Rashid Dostum tried to fly back from Turkey late on Monday but was denied permission to land, officials say.
A 33-year-old man has been charged with starting a fire which destroyed the Reeves Furniture Store in Croydon.
Repair work has not begun in parts of a school a year after it closed as the air quality is still not safe.
Hourly pay rates for Tesco store staff will rise by 10.5% over the next two years, the supermarket has said.
A stream "choked by plastic" on the southern coast of the Isle of Man has been cleaned up by charity volunteers.
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson has signed a new contract to stay with the Championship club until 2020.
England's Danny Willett has withdrawn from the World Cup in Australia to avoid aggravating his back problem.
Radioactive material that was being kept at the Scottish nuclear power site Dounreay has been flown to the US.
A UK family of 12 who went missing have joined so-called Islamic State and feel "safer than ever", according to a statement said to be on their behalf.
A woman has been charged with wounding with intent after a man was stabbed at a house in a Lincolnshire market town on New Year's Day.
A man in his 70s has died in a fire at a flat in a sheltered housing block.
New Zealand secured a resounding win over the USA in front of a capacity crowd at Chicago's Soldier Field.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is due to visit Dublin on Monday to meet business leaders and discuss investment plans.
Standard Chartered has said it will axe jobs and shut its equities business in a continued effort to cut costs and boost profits.
Additional car parking could be provided at the biggest hospital in the Highlands.
There is no doubt that Kenya has been deeply scarred by the attack on the University in Garissa, in which at least 148 people were killed.
Russian prosecutors have accused 30 Greenpeace activists of piracy and say they will prosecute all of them for trying to board an Arctic oil platform.
Gibraltar has been accepted as a full member of Uefa, European football's governing body.
Rising British star Lando Norris had an impressive first test in a current Formula 1 car with McLaren.
Thousands of people in Berkshire were left without water or low pressure following a pump failure.
Maybe it was because they had spent the past week poring over government budget documents, or maybe this story was just too good to ignore.
Jordan Nobbs has been named England player of the year at the Football Association Women's Football Awards.
Wimbledon champion Andy Murray is named the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year.
Five Premier League clubs were among those to benefit most financially from sending their players to Euro 2016.
Mae Cyngor Sir Fynwy wedi cadarnhau fod ganddyn nhw ddiddordeb mewn cynnal yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol unwaith eto ymhen ychydig flynyddoedd.
League One side Northampton Town have signed young Manchester United defender Regan Poole on a season-long loan.
The glimpse Jeff Sessions offered into the controversies bedevilling the Trump administration came through a glass, darkly.
The £1.4bn contract to run the new Crossrail service through London from 2018 has been awarded to Hong Kong-based MTR Corporation, Transport for London (TfL) has announced.
Work is continuing on a £100m investment to improve facilities at Aberystwyth University.
Helmut Kohl earned his place in history by securing the successful reunification of Germany after the collapse of communism.
Police searching for a missing 80-year-old woman have found a body.
The Scottish government said it would consider bringing forward new legislation on an "opt-out" system for organ donation despite MSPs rejecting a Labour member's bill on the topic.
Geraint Thomas has pulled out of the UCI World Road Race Championships in Virginia from 19-27 September, saying he does not feel "physically" up to it.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands is having more scans on a serious knee injury she picked up during her second-round Wimbledon singles match on Thursday.
West Brom head coach Tony Pulis says one or two unnamed players are nursing bruises and will be assessed ahead of the visit of Liverpool.
A man has appeared in court charged with the 2013 murder of a 20-year-old at his home in Luton.
All season the talk has been of Formula 1 being faced with some sort of existential crisis, but the sport put on its best face for a thrill-a-minute British Grand Prix in front of the biggest Silverstone crowd for more than 20 years.
We were always told to not play with our food, but these two brothers from China clearly never listened!
Firefighters searching the rubble of a collapsed building in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have found another body, taking the death toll to eight.
The role by women in building Waterloo Bridge during World War Two has been officially recognised for the first time as part of its listed status.
The family of a primary school teacher killed at her home have made a fresh appeal for information, 20 years after her murder.
The case against Thomas "Slab" Murphy is based on "utterly ludicrous" documentation which attempts to link him to a non-existent farming income, his defence barrister has said.
A 17-year-old high school football player from Kansas has collapsed on the sidelines and died after scoring for his team during a game.
MSPs have passed a motion warning that patient safety is at risk amid a "recruitment crisis" in the NHS.
Chris Wood's 20th goal of the season helped Leeds United to victory over Nottingham Forest, which took them up to third in the Championship.
A motorcyclist has died in an accident on a minor road in Dumfries and Galloway.
An Australian pilot who died in a Melbourne plane crash had been investigated before over a "near collision" in 2015, say officials.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.0 has shaken northern California, causing injuries and damage to buildings.
An American honeymooner who died in Thursday's Barcelona terror attacks has been identified by his family.
Interim manager Scott Ruscoe says Craig Harrison will be a hard act to follow at Welsh Premier League champions New Saints.
A former athlete has claimed he knew of Scottish rugby players and footballers who doped in the 1980s.
Fe fydd ail ymgynghoriad ynglŷn â dyfodol addysg cyfrwng Cymraeg yn ne Powys yn dod i ben ddydd Llun.
Retired police officers have won High Court permission to challenge a report which said there was collusion between RUC officers and loyalist gunmen who killed six Catholics 23 years ago.
Women who eat healthily before and during pregnancy may cut the risk of their baby developing a heart problem, researchers believe.
Rory Lawson believes the risk of Gregor Townsend leaving Scotland may have influenced the decision to name him as Vern Cotter's successor.
Although often seen as rivals in global politics, the US and France are working together to prevent parts of Africa from falling into the hands of al-Qaeda-linked fighters.
For 30 years the residents of Erinsborough's premier cul-de-sac have kept us entertained in that awkward half-an-hour before dinner.
A British man, whose wife and daughter died in the Kenyan shopping centre attack, has recalled the last time he spoke to them and the "heart-stopping" moment when he found out they had died.
One month after a missing children's author was last seen, her partner has said her disappearance has "shattered" the family.
US video game publisher Electronic Arts (EA) has reported a 51% jump in profit for the April-to-June quarter, boosted by strong sales of titles like Titanfall and FIFA 2014.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 56-year-old man.
John Sutton's equaliser for St Mirren ensured that they and visitors Ayr United occupy the bottom two spots in the Scottish Championship.
Scientists have demonstrated methods that could see higher-performance computer chips made from tiny straws of carbon called nanotubes.
A senior legal adviser at the European Court of Justice has said the UK's position on pollution levels at a south Wales power station is "untenable".
The family of a teenager who died while on holiday in Zante five years ago are hopeful of a breakthrough in the case.
North Korea has threatened to defend its sovereignty by launching pre-emptive nuclear strikes against both the United States and its ally, South Korea, claiming that Washington is itself preparing to attack the North with nuclear weapons.
England flanker Tom Wood is free to play against Australia after he was not cited for the incident which saw Wales full-back Liam Williams knocked unconscious on Saturday.
An appeal has been set up to help the family of a man who died after he was swept into the sea by a large wave.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash with a car in Hampshire.
A woman accused of stabbing a man to death at her house in Liverpool has been convicted of murder.
Sonatane Takulua scored all of Newcastle's points to beat Worcester, and maintain slim hopes of challenging for a European Champions Cup spot.
Ashleigh Pittaway claimed Great Britain's second gold medal of the Winter Youth Olympics, winning the skeleton bob event in Norway.
The family of Olympic diver Jack Laugher said his Rio gold medal was "thoroughly deserved" after years of hard work.
A former child migrant, sent from Wales to an Australian orphanage, has told a child abuse inquiry how it was a "feast of kids" for paedophiles working there.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) have charged Senator Patrick Brazeau and ex-Senator Mac Harb with fraud, saying they claimed improper living and travel expenses.
The case of a South Carolina police officer accused of murdering a fleeing black motorist by shooting him dead has ended in a mistrial.
Two Edinburgh City Council employees have pleaded guilty to receiving tens of thousands of pounds worth of bribes from building company workers.
Daniele Henkel decided she had to flee Algeria because she felt her children were no longer safe.
A former police surgeon conducted "woefully or grossly" unacceptable medical examinations, an independent investigation found.
Plans by the Scottish government to keep any communication between ministers and the royal family secret are in direct conflict with the public interest, MSPs are to hear.
When South Sudan was created as an independent country in July, it offered a new hope and possibilities for a whole generation whose childhood was blighted by civil war.
All images are subject to copyright.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has told Germany it cannot scare Ankara with threats, in a growing row over the arrest of six human rights activists.
Five people have been arrested after a series of drugs raids at homes across Renfrewshire.
Europe's Sentinel-2a satellite is on course to go into full operation in early or mid-October.
An architect has fallen to his death from a New York City skyscraper after losing his footing while at work.
Ricky Miller scored twice as Dover boosted their National League play-off hopes with victory at in-form Guiseley.
The granddaughter of a woman whose ashes were found in a skip said it was a "massive shock".
A man has appeared in court charged with murder in Peterhead.
Robin Youngblood will never forget the moment the mudslide hit.
Middlesex captain James Franklin has signed a new contract, which will keep the former New Zealand all-rounder at Lord's until the end of 2018.
A mosque in Birmingham was undergoing renovations when it collapsed, it has emerged.
We may look back and see the events of this week, where multiple scandals at Uber saw Travis Kalanick removed as chief executive, as the beginning of a culture change across Silicon Valley as a whole.
A broken down train that caused long rush-hour delays on all of Northern Ireland Railways' services is no longer blocking the line at a Belfast station.
In the latest of our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir criticises the Sudanese government's failure to get to grips with a cholera outbreak.
(Open) The UK's benchmark FTSE 100 index opened 0.26% higher at 6,991.36 points, led by Coca-Cola HBC AG.
Pakistani police have denied they did nothing to stop a so-called honour killing in front of a court in Lahore.
Welsh Conservatives will benefit from a general election seen as a two party contest, a senior Tory has said.
A display of spoof blue plaques on celebrities' links with Salford Lads Club, which famously appeared on an album by The Smiths, has gone on show.
A council has said it has received a "number of offers" on land it claimed in return for an unpaid £10.25m loan for football stadium development.
News footage of the original cast of Dad's Army being interviewed has been unearthed.
Nearly 200 members of the RAF based in Cambridgeshire are to be disbanded.
West Indies off-spinner Shane Shillingford has been suspended from bowling in international cricket by the International Cricket Council (ICC).
Bank of Ireland Dr McKenna Cup results
US police are investigating after four Confederate flags were found on the grounds of a church near the Martin Luther King Jr Center in Atlanta.
Ex-TV weatherman Fred Talbot has been found guilty of indecently assaulting two teenage boys when he was a teacher.
The head of Swiss insurer Zurich has said he sees "significant benefits" in buying UK rival and bid target RSA.
Woodland in Conwy is "under threat" if a hydro-electric scheme goes ahead, a charity has said.
The 'No' majority in the independence referendum last year is being explained by an unusual alliance of Scotland's youngest voters, its average earners, Protestants and women.
Celtic have got the better of Rangers in the summer transfer market, according to former Bhoys assistant manager Murdo MacLeod.
Bibiana Steinhaus is set to become the first female to referee in Germany's top level of football, the Bundesliga.
Former Swansea City manager Michael Laudrup has denied he was sacked because of concerns he and his agent stood to profit from player transfers.
A French court has ordered a German company to pay compensation to hundreds of women who were fitted with defective breast implants.
A shortage of staff at Welsh hospital emergency departments is at "tipping point" and putting patient safety at risk, a top consultant has said.
Nine high rise tower blocks in West Yorkshire have failed fire safety cladding checks.
Antrim will hope Neil McManus' absence will not unduly hinder them in Saturday's Christy Ring Cup game against Down at Cushendall.
Meryl Streep's choice of dress for the Oscars has sparked a bitter row between the star and designer Karl Lagerfeld.
Striker Mario Bilate has expressed his "sadness" after he and the Scottish Premiership club agreed terms for his exit from Tannadice.
Living in exile and playing for a team unrecognised by Fifa and opposed by the Chinese, means life isn't always easy for Tibet's footballers.
The president of Germany marked his early departure from office with the grandest of torchlight parades in the full tradition of the Prussian military - and with a squabble over what tunes should be played.
An ex-economy minister has been accused by the Welsh Conservatives of breaking the ministerial code by approving £3.4m aid for a firm which later went bust.
A 150-year-old antique wedding dress that was lost after a dry cleaners went bust has been given back to its family.
A non-emergency telephone number for NHS services is to launch across England, the Department of Health says.
The Scottish Lib Dems have started a petition supporting calls for Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE) to keep its board.
A man has been charged with criminal damage following a break-in at the Rothamsted Research centre where a trial of GM wheat is being held.
England Test captain Alastair Cook suffered his second failure of the match as county champions Yorkshire beat MCC by nine wickets in Abu Dhabi.
A Fijian father who served in the British Army for 12 years says he feels "neglected" after being refused UK citizenship.
The US state of Colorado is making history by becoming the first to allow stores to sell cannabis.
An Olympic woman marathon runner from India has alleged she was not provided water and energy drinks by Indian officials at designated stations.
A Liverpool school branded "among the lowest of all schools in England" by the education watchdog is to close.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has got married at a star-studded ceremony - after postponing his nuptials three times.
Bydd trafodaethau ffurfiol Brexit yn dechrau ddydd Llun, yn ôl Llywodraeth y DU a'r Undeb Ewropeaidd.
English rugby union club Wasps has reached its £35m target with the sale of its seven-year bond.
St Johnstone have handed a trial to former Real Madrid and West Ham United right-back Julien Faubert.
Seven women cyclists have set a time of 36 hours to complete the gruelling 518-mile (833km) North Coast 500 in a non-stop team time trial.
Pointless host Alexander Armstrong will voice Danger Mouse when the much-loved cartoon hero returns to TV next year.
Wasps ended the year with an unbeaten home record after a scintillating match against Bath at the Ricoh Arena.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with wounding with intent in connection with the stabbing of a woman in Carlton, near Goole.
Exxon Mobil, the US's largest oil and gas company, said in a new report that world climate policies are "highly unlikely" to stop it from producing and selling fossil fuels in the near future.
Badger vaccination volunteers will spend a year surveying and mapping sites after a vaccine shortage forced them to halt jabs for the rest of 2016.
A Cardiff hotel remains closed on Friday after a virus outbreak.
Real Madrid has matched its 10th triumph as champions of Europe by topping the Deloitte football rich list for a 10th straight year.
For three decades the chances of toppling the SDLP in South Down have been about as strong as the prospect of anyone scaling the Mourne mountains barefoot.
The first major UK exhibition of the work of French designer Yves Saint Laurent has proved so popular that it is being extended.
Norwich midfielder Alex Tettey needs ankle surgery and is likely to miss the rest of the season, says Canaries manager Alex Neil.
A proposed new flight from City of Derry Airport (CoDA) to Dublin has been cancelled as a result of the Brexit vote.
More than one in four UK business leaders say employees have cut their hours because of the "high cost of childcare", a report from the British Chambers of Commerce says.
Byron Harrison scored twice on his return to Stevenage, securing their first home win since November.
The first person to arrive at the scene of the massacre of six men in a County Down pub in 1994 has said he is still having counselling after what he saw.
The president of University College London has said that Prof Sir Tim Hunt will not be reinstated.
Last month the Cabinet Office took control of government policy on freedom of information, removing it from the Ministry of Justice.
Zimbabwe's vice-president has submitted to parliament a speech that President Robert Mugabe was supposed to deliver, a day after the 91-year-old leader accidentally gave the wrong one.
Will Young says he is "absolutely dandy" after leaving Strictly Come Dancing, stressing that his early exit is "undramatic".
Nigeria is going to establish a domestic weapons factory in an effort to cut its dependence on imported arms, President Muhammadu Buhari has said.
"Let's stick together and make a golden decade for both our countries."
The family of a teenager who died from type one diabetes have made it "their mission" to raise the profile of the condition.
Tranmere consolidated their play-off position with a narrow win at Torquay.
Surrey and England batsman Jason Roy has agreed a short-term deal to play for Sydney Sixers in the forthcoming Big Bash tournament in Australia.
Sir Nick Faldo wants to compete in the Irish Open when it comes to Lough Erne for the first time in 2017.
A man whose home was badly damaged after an explosion says his family are still waiting to return one year on.
A convicted murderer has absconded from an open prison in Lincolnshire.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera has praised as "brave and mature" a pregnant 11-year-old rape victim who said she was happy to have the child.
The Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor fight brought boxing and the mixed martial arts head to head, but while Mayweather won on the night, whose organisation is winning the battle of the world's most popular combat sport?
Swansea's Michael Laudrup and Wigan's Roberto Martinez are the frontrunners to replace David Moyes as Everton boss when he takes over from Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United in July.
Scott McDonald suggests there is "a huge chance" he could return for a third spell with Motherwell but says there is interest from other clubs.
The children of a 101-year-old man have legally challenged his marriage to his ex-maid, who is just over half his age.
The Lulz Security hacking group that has claimed attacks on high-profile targets including the CIA and Sony in recent weeks has exclusively told the BBC's Newsnight programme that it wants to target the "higher ups" who write the rules and "bring them down a few notches".
The suspension of the West Midlands Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner was "heavy-handed", a meeting heard.
Plans for a £30m snow and leisure centre, which is expected to create more than 300 jobs, have been approved by councillors in Middlesbrough.
A woman who spent four years trying to get permission to allow her daughter to die has told an inquest the delay was "excruciating".
Eating a lot of red meat in early adult life may slightly increase the risk of breast cancer, according to a US study.
Workers have voted to accept a deal which will safeguard about 4,400 jobs at Tata's steelworks at Scunthorpe.
A former councillor who stood by his decision to allow a serial rapist to get a licence to drive a taxi is standing for election.
Hibernian were held to a draw by a Greenock Morton side that more than merited a point.
Ken Hursey was 16 when two 250kg bombs were dropped on a munitions factory, killing several members of his family.
The economic cost of supporting someone with autism over a lifetime is much higher than previously thought, research suggests.
A museum has launched a fundraising campaign to keep the "greatest" ever painting of Oxford on show in the city.
The Duke of Cambridge has reportedly revealed he would like to have two children with his wife.
More than 170,000 people in the UK who were diagnosed with cancer up to 40 years ago are still alive, a report by Macmillan Cancer Support has suggested.
The owners of Norfolk's local TV station are proposing its sale, which could lead to potential job losses.
The Home Office has abandoned plans to replace the immigration removal centre at Dungavel House.
West Ham have agreed to sell Upton Park to London developer the Galliard Group once they have completed their move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016.
Robert Stigwood, who managed Cream and the Bee Gees before producing the rock musicals Saturday Night Fever and Grease has died at the age of 81.
Well-known Italian fertility doctor Severino Antinori has been arrested after a woman said he had forcibly removed eggs from her at his clinic.
Tesla founder and chief executive Elon Musk says pre-orders of the firm's much-anticipated Model 3 electric car currently total 276,000.
A police force that reclassified wolf-whistling, cat-calling and other misogynistic harassment as hate crimes has handled 30 cases in five months.
The council with Scotland's highest concentration of betting shops is to use new powers to limit the number of new premises in town centres.
The Northern Ireland Policing Board has said that sanctions imposed on student officers who allegedly cheated in exams were not "appropriate or adequate".
United Airlines' chief executive has said he will not quit amid an explosive backlash to video of a screaming man being dragged off a plane.
Tiny specks of gold have been found in sandstone rocks from a beach at Millport on the Isle of Great Cumbrae.
Wigan head coach Shaun Wane believes there is much more to come from his squad in the second half of the season.
Travel firms Thomson and Thomas Cook have extended a suspension of flights to the Egyptian holiday resort of Sharm el-Sheikh until at least 23 March.
Schools were closed and thousands of homes suffered power cuts as Storm Barbara battered northern areas of the UK yesterday.
Riot-trained prison staff were sent to a jail amid reports of violence on two wings.
England captain Steph Houghton believes her "risky" move to Manchester City has been justified by their first Women's Super League title.
The Australian government has never hidden its scepticism about climate change or renewable energy but its decision last week to cut support for cleaner energy sources still left the renewable energy industry reeling.
If Brexit means farmers cannot get the foreign workers they rely on, or it hits efficiency, could more production switch abroad?
Inspired by pictures of deserted cities such as Pripyat, which was vacated in the fallout of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, a photographer has been trying to capture quiet streets closer to home - starting with Nottingham on Christmas morning.
On 8 July 1996, a single from five unknown girls - Victoria Adams, Mel Brown, Emma Bunton, Melanie Chisholm and Geri Halliwell - was released and made them household names around the world.
There needs to be a major change in dealing with young adult offenders, MPs have said, based on evidence that shows their brains are still developing.
A runner who battled a back injury is set to complete his challenge of running 401 marathons in 401 days.
Adam Gemili produced a champion's display under immense pressure to take the British 200m title and win his place in the GB Olympic squad.
For anyone who thinks these local elections are dull and boring, I have this challenge - come to Walsall.
Sir John Hurt will return to the London stage for the first time in a decade, to star opposite Sir Kenneth Branagh in The Entertainer.
Welsh cyclist Nicole Cooke is in the UK for Sunday's Olympic road race with team orders likely to hinder her chances of another gold medal.
The US Air Force has grounded a fleet of F-35 fighter jets indefinitely over concerns over pilots' oxygen supplies, according to a spokesman.
Councillors in Edinburgh have agreed to begin charging drivers to park in the city centre on Sundays.
The home secretary's plan to force internet service providers to store everyone's internet activity is vague and confusing, says a committee of MPs.
Stocks on Wall Street fell saw their biggest drop so far this year as investors took a cautious stance in the face of uncertainty over Donald Trump's travel and immigration curbs.
Liverpool have signed highly rated Charlton defender Joe Gomez for £3.5m.
UK car production fell by 0.7% last month compared with October 2014, according to figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Rolf Harris will not give evidence in his defence at his indecent assault trial, his lawyer has told the court.
Police have offered a reward of 12,500 euros (£9,800) in the search for missing Ben Needham, who disappeared on the Greek island of Kos in 1991.
Argentine motorcyclist Jorge Martinez Boero has died in an accident on the opening day of the Dakar Rally.
Jeremy Corbyn needs to get round a table with the Greens to discuss ways of developing a progressive alliance, its co-leader Caroline Lucas has said.
Manager Chris Coleman was content with Wales' 2018 World Cup qualifying group after Saturday's draw in Russia.
A curry house has been shut down after an infestation of rats and mice was found by health inspectors.
Rail service have been disrupted after an Aberdeen to Inverness train was damaged when it hit a fallen tree in Aberdeenshire.
Rami Malek has become the first minority actor in 18 years to win the Emmy Award for best leading actor in a drama series.
The true story of a trio of Gaelic-speaking soldiers who used their native tongue to "bamboozle" the Germans has inspired a new feature film.
The role of photography has changed in recent years and, given the amount published daily to the web, you might begin to think you'd seen everything worth looking at - especially images from the past.
A pedestrian has been struck and killed by a car in Sussex.
Great Britain's Adam Burgess won bronze in the men's C1 at the Canoe Slalom World Cup in Markkleeberg, Germany.
A designer store has admitted health and safety offences following the death of a four-year-old boy who was crushed when a 120kg mirror fell on him.
Police are to conduct a review after Millwall fans were involved in crowd trouble during the League One play-off final with Barnsley at Wembley.
A huge fire at a Glasgow fruit and vegetable market will hit local restaurants, flower shops and cafes, an industry chief has predicted.
Britain's Tom Daley won two bronzes on the final day of the Diving World Cup event in Kazan, Russia.
The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews is urging its 2,500 members to vote in favour of abolishing its men-only policy, the BBC has learned.
A man who carried out a five day crime spree across Leeds including attacking two elderly women in their homes has been jailed for life.
A UKIP candidate who resigned on Sunday has said he may have been a victim of "black arts" within the party.
The private gardens of an historic house in Flintshire are being opened to the public on Sunday.
The Met Office has issued a high winds warning for Shetland, Orkney and parts of the Western Isles and northern mainland Scotland.
North Korea has begun the process of political succession in the same idiosyncratic manner it has developed over the decades.
WBA super-middleweight champion Carl Froch is set to take his first steps on the road to Hollywood stardom while he considers his future in boxing.
Striker Karim Benzema will be eligible to play for France at Euro 2016 after some legal restrictions were lifted.
An environmental campaigner has got permission to challenge a proposed new road through landscape made famous by poet Seamus Heaney.
The death of an 18-year-old man in a flooded quarry is believed to be linked to the ice bucket challenge craze.
Wales football fans have been given an "outstanding contribution" award from Uefa for their part at Euro 2016.
North Korea has launched an unidentified missile which fell into the Sea of Japan, South Korea says.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has said he plans to build artificial intelligence (AI) to help him around the house and with his work.
The reduction in smoking rates among pregnant women in England has slowed down in the past year, prompting concern from health charities.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a motorcyclist who was killed on a road in Nottingham.
Eton College is going to launch online lessons for schools in China.
Scotland's digital technology industry enjoyed "sustained growth" in 2016 and is optimistic for the future, a survey has found.
Derry City have moved up to second in the Premier Division thanks to a thumping 5-0 derby win over Finn Harps.
Two teenagers have been charged with assault after a video was posted on Facebook showing a boy being bullied by a gang of youths in Swindon.
The family of a dementia patient say they cannot believe their mother was sent from north Wales to a private clinic four hours away.
(Close): London's benchmark share index rose, helped by a strong performance from oil companies as the price of crude climbs.
Heavy rain and surface water flooding have forced a theme park in Lincolnshire to close.
A fraction of the hundreds of victims of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham have sought help, according to a lawyer for some of the survivors.
Former referee Mark Halsey's claims that he was told to lie after a game have been denied by the body which oversees match officials.
Former French far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen has been fined 30,000 euros (Â£24,000; $34,000) for calling the Nazi gas chambers a "detail" of World War Two.
Prime Minister David Cameron has put his case for military action against Syria to British MPs, but has conceded intelligence that the regime used chemical weapons is not "100% certain".
Uefa president Michel Platini says that any players who walk off the pitch at Euro 2012 due to racial abuse will be booked.
A man's body was undiscovered at his flat for seven months after he died, despite council officers visiting the property when he stopped paying rent.
Spain's parliament has voted to allow conservative leader Mariano Rajoy to lead a minority government after a 10-month political deadlock following inconclusive elections.
A gunman has seized hostages at a kosher supermarket in Paris as police have cornered the two Charlie Hebdo massacre suspects further north.
Investigations into two members of a Merseyside Labour Party group accused of bullying and intimidation have now concluded, the Labour Party has said.
It may have only been the first day of the Cannes Film Festival, but it was packed with glamour as stars descended on the sunshine-soaked resort.
As I drove around Yorkshire this week there was no mistaking the route of the Tour de France through Yorkshire.
US stocks edged lower on Wall Street as a 2% drop in oil prices weighed on energy firms.
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says manager Neil Warnock will receive the backing he needs to mount a promotion bid in 2017-18.
A large fire at a spray paint factory has closed a number of roads in Leicester city centre.
Widnes Vikings half-back Rangi Chase has been suspended from all training and playing activity after testing positive for cocaine.
A British student has become the youngest person to row solo across an ocean.
Nathan Massey requires surgery to fix a long-term scaphoid problem and is unavailable for Castleford.
Angry Chinese fans have called for the resignation of the president of China's football association, after the country lost to Syria in a World Cup qualifier.
Exams are set to go ahead as planned at a secondary school which was evacuated due to a chemical leak.
The Amateur Swimming Association (ASA) has been rebranded Swim England as part of a four-year strategy to strengthen the sport and boost participation.
A body has been found in a sewage tank at a Doncaster college.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzo with a handshake and an apology, the photographer's lawyer says.
A trucker who raised nearly £200,000 for relatives of the driver killed in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been thanked by the Polish ambassador at a ceremony in London.
Ousmane Dembele scored a late winner as 10-man France came from behind to beat England 3-2 in a friendly in Paris.
Falkirk beat Morton to land their first win in six games, moving two points behind Hibernian in the Championship.
A hit-and-run driver who fled a collision in which a man was killed in Dorset is still being hunted a year on.
The developer of a new retail area in Dorchester town centre has pulled out of the scheme.
The Al-Hasawi family have completed their takeover of Championship side Nottingham Forest.
Zambia's opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema, who has been held in prison since April on treason charges, has been released.
A teenage Formula 4 driver who had to have both legs amputated after a high speed crash has vowed to get back behind the wheel again.
Turkey has said it plans to escalate its attacks on Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Eight Northern Ireland beaches will proudly display international Blue Flags this summer.
President Barack Obama has arrived in Cuba for a historic visit to the island and talks with its communist leader.
Throughout the history of Formula 1 there have been many examples of very public and acrimonious fall-outs between team-mates.
Britain's Laura Muir said she was delighted with her fifth place in the 1500m final at the World Athletics Championships in Beijing.
Among Sir Bruce Forsyth's biggest fans are a group of friends who worshipped him so much that they have recreated his famous "thinker" pose wherever they have been around the world for the past decade.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage was asked on the Andrew Marr show about Friday's falls on the markets and whether it was to do with fears about the UK leaving the European Union.
Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have set up a fourth-round tie at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells - a re-run of this year's Australian Open final.
Rescuers have found the bodies of two of four miners trapped underground in a gold mine in southern Ecuador.
Payday lender Wonga must pay £2.6m in compensation after sending letters from non-existent law firms to customers in arrears.
About 30,000 people have taken part in a march through South Africa's main city, Johannesburg, to demand an end to a recent wave of xenophobic attacks.
Protesters gathered at London's St James' Park as President of China Xi Jinping took part in a procession down The Mall.
Five scouts have been found safe and well after an overnight search in a forest in south-west Scotland.
Two men have pleaded not guilty to the murder of a 29-year-old man in Cardiff.
The appearance of woolly bollards in a Trossachs town has proved a major hit with visitors.
The atmosphere in Downing Street under Theresa May is "pretty toxic" and its operation "dysfunctional", a former aide of the prime minister has said.
There has been a marked drop in the number of children being put up for adoption, leading charities have said.
China is to receive a $300m (£198m) loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to help it combat dangerous pollution levels in Beijing city and its surrounding area.
A plea by developers of the Circuit of Wales in Ebbw Vale for £210m in taxpayer-funded guarantees has been rejected by the Welsh Government.
Celine is a 19-year-old law student at the University of Hull who has suffered with depression and anxiety for much of her life.
After six months on the International Space Station, Tim Peake returned to Earth with a bump in the Soyuz capsule.
France's Justice Minister, François Bayrou, resigned on Wednesday hours before President Emmanuel Macron announced his new government line-up.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has said she senses a willingness among the political parties to make progress despite significant differences on finance and welfare reform issues.
MPs should be given an allowance instead of having to claim for expenses, Labour's shadow Commons leader has said.
If you want to know why India has courted international controversy by awarding a medal to an army officer who tied a civilian to the front of a jeep, you need to understand what is really happening in Indian-administered Kashmir.
Children in Powys will only be able to start primary school after turning four years old, it has been decided.
Barriers to research collaboration in Europe as a result of Brexit would harm scientific progress, says a group of leading UK universities.
India's government has signed a peace deal with a leading Naga separatist group, bringing to an end one of the country's oldest insurgencies.
John Akinde's 17th goal of the season secured a win for Barnet at struggling Cheltenham Town.
Turkey's parliament has approved a new draft constitution paving the way for a presidential system of government.
United Airlines is changing its policy on giving staff last-minute seats on full flights after a man was dragged screaming from an overbooked plane.
Ailing Indian politician Jayaram Jayalalitha has hinted at a recovery after months in hospital, in a letter released by her party.
Britain is moving towards more active defence in cyberspace, the head of the UK's new National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) has said.
The German carmaker Volkswagen reported a rise in its quarterly profit, but noted slowing demand in key markets.
Gareth Bale's late free-kick saved Wales from embarrassment in Andorra as his two goals made it a winning start to their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Singer Chris Cornell died as a result of hanging himself, US officials have confirmed.
Maria Sharapova secured a place in Wimbledon qualifying - at least - with a first-round win over Christina McHale at the Italian Open.
UN envoy Said Djinnit has stepped down as mediator in the Burundi crisis - a demand of those opposed to the president's third-term bid.
A restored World War II Spitfire that saw service in the Battle of Britain has gone on public show in Dumfries.
About 1,000 people gathered to see the unveiling of a lasting monument to Welsh soldiers who died in World War One in Flanders.
Questions have been raised over the general election expenses of Liberal Democrat deputy leader Jo Swinson in East Dunbartonshire.
The first minister has said Northern Ireland politicians need to strive to regain the confidence of voters.
The Palestinian population of around ten or eleven million people is divided between historic Palestine and a diaspora, mainly in neighbouring Arab countries.
Former world number one Maria Sharapova may never play again following her failed drugs test, the president of the Russian Tennis Federation says.
The RNLI has launched a drowning prevention campaign with the intention of reducing coastal deaths by 50%.
Mae Lesley Griffiths, Ysgrifennydd y Cabinet dros yr Amgylchedd a Materion Gwledig, wedi cyhoeddi ei bod yn bwriadu diwygio'r polisi cynllunio mewn ymgais i gefnogi lleoliadau cerddoriaeth fyw.
Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann has extended his contract by a year, with his new deal expiring in 2022.
A man has been charged with murder over the death of a man whose body was found by police in Greater Manchester.
Uefa president Michel Platini has told BBC Sport the 2022 Qatar World Cup must be played in winter.
A report has warned that investors could be hit hard amid changes in short-term market swings, triggered by climate impact concerns.
Steel workers have called on Scottish ministers to help secure the industry's future by backing a "short-time working programme" if plant closures go ahead.
A restaurant owner has appeared in court accused of the manslaughter of a customer with a peanut allergy, who died from anaphylactic shock.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has called off a sit-in protest in the city centre which was sparked by a row over who controls Delhi's police force.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was assaulted in a pub car park.
A man arrested over the death of a pedestrian hit by a car on the A27 in West Sussex on Thursday has been released without charge.
Rochdale leapfrogged Southend to climb up to eighth place in League One with a comfortable win over the Shrimpers.
Channel 4 has removed all its full-length programmes from the video-streaming site YouTube.
Stoke claimed a third successive Premier League victory as they overcame a Swansea side still without a win since the opening day of the season.
A drama portraying the events surrounding the deaths of 144 people in a Welsh village will be aired to mark the 50th anniversary of the tragedy.
The Glasgow Subway is to close for about four weeks in the summer while modernisation work is carried out.
A man has been charged with murder after a 39-year-old was stabbed in a street attack, police have said.
A rampant Manchester City thrashed Tottenham to reassert their title credentials and move six points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has failed to live up to expectations following his £30m move from Newcastle, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Royal Navy warship HMS Bulwark is heading towards Libya after reports 14 vessels carrying migrants have left the country's coast.
The international airport in San Antonio, Texas, has reopened several hours after it evacuated passengers and searched for an alleged bomb threat.
Four men have died in a week of stabbings in the West Midlands.
Fulham claimed a third Championship win in a row with a comfortable victory at Ashton Gate that left Bristol City just two points above the relegation zone.
Scottish External Affairs Secretary Fiona Hyslop is to travel to Japan to promote the message that Scotland is "open for business".
Hundreds of cyclists have staged a "die-in" protest in central London to raise concerns about road safety.
Northern Ireland faces a "brutal" election following the resignation of Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness, the outgoing first minister has said.
Plans to set up a commission to investigate traffic congestion in York city centre have been shelved.
Three families lost their homes when fire engulfed a row of National Trust cottages on the Blickling estate in Norfolk.
Fifa says it paid $10m (£6.5m) to a Caribbean football body led by Jack Warner, who is charged by the US with corruption, at South Africa's request.
A man who went on the run for more than a decade has been jailed for trafficking heroin worth more than £200,000 into Aberdeen.
Francesco Molinari carded a six-under-par final round to beat Masters champion Danny Willett to the Italian Open title by a single shot in Monza.
The Commonwealth Games take place every four years, with the 2014 event being held in Glasgow, Scotland.
John Constable's 1831 masterpiece Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows has been bought by the Tate for £23.1m.
A man's body has been found by firefighters tackling a blaze that killed a number of horses.
Republic of Ireland striker Kevin Doyle said there was "no major damage" after suffering a deep leg gash in Friday's 1-0 win over Switzerland.
Australia's Macquarie Group is reportedly planning to cut nearly half of its investment banking jobs in Asia.
Sixty mass graves have been uncovered in the southern Mexican state of Guerrero during a search for 43 student teachers abducted last September, official documents have revealed.
Barcelona beat 10-man Real Betis 2-0 to regain top spot in La Liga at the end of a day that saw all three title rivals spend time as leaders.
The Pentagon is to pay compensation for those killed and injured in a US strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in northern Afghanistan.
Plans to hold a referendum on EU membership are unhelpful for businesses in Wales and could lead to reduced investment, warns an industry body.
Visits to the Isle of Skye could be boosted by a tourism campaign based on the film adaption of Roald Dahl's story The Big Friendly Giant.
AFC Wimbledon claimed a historic victory on Tuesday as MK Dons' first visit to Kingsmeadow ended in defeat.
Police investigating an armed robbery at a shop in Monmouthshire on Sunday have arrested a teenager and two men.
Crime writer Ruth Rendell has died aged 85, her publisher says.
Durham bowler Graham Onions says teammate Mark Stoneman has to be picked for international honours based on his "pure volume of runs".
Ebbsfleet striker Matt Godden has become Darren Sarll's first signing as full-time manager of Stevenage.
Luton Town striker Isaac Vassell has signed a new contract with the League Two side until the summer of 2018.
The world's biggest investment fund manager has said Scottish independence would bring "major uncertainties, costs and risks".
France's ex-Prime Minister Manuel Valls has thrown his weight behind the centrist candidate for the presidency, Emmanuel Macron, and not his own Socialist party's candidate.
Insurance company Direct Line has said last week's changes to the way accident victims are compensated has dented pre-tax profits by £217m.
A new story written by Beatrix Potter more than 100 years ago, featuring Peter Rabbit, is to be published for the first time.
David Masters took 7-52 to put Division Two leaders Essex in a strong position against Worcestershire on the opening day at Chelmsford.
MPs have already begun their Easter break - but the Lords legislate on.
A flotilla of more than 30 boats and water craft has cruised across Rio de Janeiro's Guanabara Bay to protest against water pollution with a year to go before the 2016 Olympics.
A controversial abortion bill in the Republic of Ireland does not amount to a change in the law, the Irish prime minister has said.
Crime victims in England and Wales are to be given legal rights for the first time, the justice secretary has said.
Morton and Dundee United will meet in the Premiership play-off quarter-final after United missed out on finishing second in the Championship.
Almost simultaneous attacks in Kabul have left at least 16 people dead and 44 injured, the health ministry says.
As scientists race for answers about the Zika virus and its links to neurological disorders, rumours are filling the vacuum.
Pong and Doom have been inducted into the first Video Game Hall of Fame.
The appetite for people to take their pension savings as cash waned at the end of the year, according to the City watchdog.
Nearly £17m was paid out as overtime to police officers and staff across Wales last year.
Bristol Rovers celebrated their first match under their new Jordanian owners with a victory over Morecambe that takes them up to fifth in League Two.
With a hard pledge on peaking carbon emissions and with ever more ambitious targets on installing renewables, China has become one of the countries to watch at this week's Paris conference.
Translink is consulting the public on proposals for a new transport hub in Belfast city centre.
From a distance, it sounded like the shouts of protesters but turned out to be the songs of some of the thousands of Portuguese football supporters in the city for a European final.
The UK's first weekly vinyl chart has been launched by the Official Charts Company as sales of vinyl albums and singles continue to rise.
Jennnifer Beattie and Steph Houghton scored as Manchester City briefly stretched their lead at the top of the Women's Super League to 13 points with a patient victory over winless Reading.
Fourteen-man Saracens battled to an impressive draw with Exeter to go top of the Premiership.
Former England striker Teddy Sheringham held talks with Swindon Town on Thursday about the managerial vacancy at the League Two club.
DNA testing of dog poo has been backed by a Manx politician who wants it used to tackle fouling on the Isle of Man.
John McEnroe has proposed a men v women contest to prove his claim that Serena Williams would be ranked "700 in the world" on the men's circuit.
A man who choked a video game fan to death during a fight over a social media post has been found guilty of murder.
The umbrella group representing Syria's political and armed opposition factions has set out a plan for a political transition to end five years of war.
People living in a north Pembrokeshire village are being asked to decide on the future of their public toilets.
Three men aged 17, 19 and 22 are to appear in court following a series of break-ins and attempted break-ins at garages in Aberdeen.
Scientists in the US say they have at last managed to turn hydrogen into a state where it behaves like a metal.
Shelley Kerr is to take charge of Lowland League club Stirling University, making her the first female manager in Scottish senior football.
A teenager shot dead after he stabbed two police officers was a "known terror suspect" whose passport had been cancelled on security grounds, Australian officials say.
Bruno Andrade's second-half goal was enough to end Boreham Wood's six-match run without a win as they clinched a 1-0 victory at Torquay.
A woman who lost her bungalow to the sea and faced being evicted from a temporary home on her land has been allowed to stay put for another year.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed during a police chase in Lancashire.
Manager Roy Hodgson says his final 23-man England squad for the European Championships is based on attack.
Venezuela has arrested two top executives of one of the country's largest pharmacy chains.
Renewable energy projects are putting parts of Cornwall's electricity grid under severe strain, according to the region's power firm.
Two-thirds of parents of children with cancer surveyed by a cancer charity say they have been forced to borrow money to make ends meet.
Former Motherwell and Sligo Rovers boss Ian Baraclough has been appointed the new Northern Ireland Under-21 manager.
A minute's silence will be held at a North East air show in memory of victims of the Shoreham crash.
UK Athletics chairman Ed Warner admits he could "never say never" that British athletes were 100% clean - but stressed Britain remained a "great standard bearer" in the battle against doping.
A disabled man's online appeal for work has been seen by thousands of people.
Jersey and Guernsey's women's teams are both through to the second round of the EH Trophy after first-round wins.
Liverpool have completed the 39m euro (£34m) signing of Roma's former Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah.
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo beat Barcelona's Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery of Bayern Munich to win the 2013 Fifa Ballon d'Or.
Rules on displaying hot tubs in shops and public places should be reviewed, according to a report into a fatal outbreak of Legionnaires' disease.
Once Martin McGuinness' resignation takes effect, under the joint protocols that govern Stormont's power sharing government, First Minister Arlene Foster also loses her office.
A man accused of a terrorism offence relating to the civil war in Syria has been told he will face no further action because of a lack of evidence.
How can one skiing lesson change the life of a young person who is failing in school and getting into trouble?
Leicester City owners King Power International have agreed to purchase OH Leuven, the Belgian club says.
Nicola Sturgeon has called for the "indefensible" decision of Muirfield Golf Club to reject women as members to be overturned.
Former New Zealand Rugby League chairman Andrew Chalmers and ex-Wigan coach Graham Lowe have been confirmed as the new owners of the Bradford club to replace the liquidated Bulls.
You know the feeling - you get in the car for a long, boring journey, and the battery on your tablet dies.
A man who offered to pay a "hitman" £150,000 to kill his wife, says he had no intention of going through with it and was only researching for his novel.
Gatwick had its busiest July with 4.3 million passengers - a 6.4% increase on last year - the West Sussex airport has said.
Six executives sacked by Japan's Olympus have been ordered to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages after a massive accounting fraud.
"Get busy living, or get busy dying' - I got busy living."
A great swathe of Pluto that features a strange rippling terrain is perhaps the highlight of the latest image release from the New Horizons mission.
A school's annual beach day has been scrapped over concerns about the dangers of midday sunshine.
Ulster ended a run of three PRO12 defeats with an emphatic bonus-point win away to Cardiff Blues.
Finding Dory has remained at the top of the US box office for a second week, as Independence Day: Resurgence came in second place.
A paedophile convicted of taking an indecent picture of a child 13 years ago has been jailed for possessing more than 15,000 child abuse images.
A newlywed who fatally shot his wife and a child before turning the gun on himself at a US school had projected a blissful marriage on social media.
A German court has ruled that seven Muslim men who formed a Sharia street patrol did not break laws against political uniforms.
Critics have given a lukewarm reception to Angelina Jolie's By The Sea, in which she stars with husband Brad Pitt, calling it a "vanity project".
Heather Watson will face fellow Briton Jamie Murray in Sunday's Wimbledon mixed doubles final.
Struggling Arbroath came from behind to earn a victory which denied Clyde the opportunity to go top of League Two.
Detectives have identified a man who was shot and killed on a busy street as Yasir Beshira.
Visitors to an anti-Trump website will probably not have their internet protocol addresses turned over to the Department of Justice, after a legal standoff with a US web company.
Algeria's military intervention against kidnappers at a Saharan gas plant apparently came as a surprise to those foreign governments whose citizens were being held hostage.
The maker of a drone designed to carry loads of up to 500kg (1,100lb) says it plans to see if it can fly itself between trees and other obstacles before the end of the year.
The European Union (EU) has appealed against a recent World Trade Organization (WTO) ruling in favour of the US over its state aid for Boeing.
The number of 'hensioners' in Northern Ireland could soon be on the rise.
Wales needs a dedicated minister for Brexit to co-ordinate its response to leaving the EU, a former Welsh Government advisor has said.
The government in Colombia has called for the permanent opening of its border with Venezuela after crisis-hit Venezuelans flocked to buy basic items.
Barcelona full-back Aleix Vidal will miss the rest of the season after dislocating his right ankle during Saturday's 6-0 La Liga win at Alaves.
Edinburgh City became the first club to be promoted to Scottish League Two through the pyramid system after a dramatic win over East Stirlingshire.
A company that sells surveillance software has been hit by a data breach.
The prospect of a tie-up between the world's two largest brewers is looming after Anheuser-Busch InBev said it had made a takeover move for SABMiller.
The much publicised drive to open family courts in England and Wales to public scrutiny has had only limited success, according to the first national evaluation, funded by the Nuffield Foundation.
The chairman of the carmaker Volkswagen (VW), Ferdinand Piech, has resigned after a power struggle with chief executive Martin Winterkorn.
Jess Fishlock has boosted Wales women ahead of Friday's Republic of Ireland friendly as they warm-up for their UEFA European qualifying campaign.
Four people have been charged in connection with a hammer attack which left a man seriously injured.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) has said it had to operate a reduced level of cover on Saturday night due to a shortage of staff.
The Scottish government has defended the Borders Railway after claims the infrastructure vision for the project was "short-sighted".
A new secondary school in Denbighshire has officially welcomed the first of its 1,200 pupils.
The man behind an animal show featuring performing lions and tigers has denied his animals suffer in captivity.
A service has been held in Glasgow to honour young messenger boys who died in air raids during Word War Two.
Northern Ireland companies selling to external markets are to be offered more financial support under a scheme announced by the economy minister.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed outside a pub in Derby.
An independent review into tidal lagoon energy in the UK has been completed - and now the UK Government is expected to decide by the end of the year whether the industry has a future, including a crucial first step in Swansea Bay.
Eastleigh secured back-to-back wins for the first time since December as they narrowly defeated Chester.
Have India's rulers become disengaged from the people?
The number of young people not in education, employment or training (NEET) is at its lowest for the time of year since 2001, UK-wide figures show.
League Two side Crawley Town have signed James Collins after the striker's contract at Shrewsbury Town was cancelled by mutual consent.
"It's clear we have smashed the ball out of the park with our 'Selfridges' of sport concept," boasted Sports Direct chief executive Mike Ashley to financial analysts, following the release of the company's latest results.
An RAF plane carrying UK aid supplies and British army troops, including Gurkha engineers, has left for Nepal.
Everton defender Ashley Williams returns from suspension for the visit of Burnley on Saturday.
Andy Murray will team up with his brother Jamie for Saturday's crucial doubles match against Australia in the Davis Cup semi-final.
Britain's Rachel Atherton completed the first "perfect season" in UCI Downhill Mountain Bike World Cup history with victory in the season's final race.
In 2012 - like many British couples - Steve and Nancy Binks decided to buy a caravan and head off on a tour of France and Belgium.
A letter from Cumbrian-born comedian Stan Laurel is to be auctioned.
Republic of Ireland footballer James McClean has surprised a team of children with Down's syndrome following a social media appeal.
A 16-year-old boy has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a North Tyneside man.
Barack Obama may not get quite the rapturous welcome he did when he visited Kenya as a senator back in 2006, but his presence in his ancestral home is something of a coup for the Kenyan leadership, and he is expected to be warmly received.
The number of bullying claims by staff at Scotland's highest security psychiatric hospital is twice as high as previously reported, it has emerged.
A body has been recovered in the search for a canoeist who got into difficulty in Snowdonia, police have said.
Surveyors have reduced their expectations for house price growth in the UK, despite a continued shortage of homes for sale.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has pleaded not guilty to accusations he took part in offensive chanting at a pub in Edinburgh last year.
Leicester City defender Wes Morgan's rise has been just as remarkable as that of the team he leads.
Police investigating the disappearance of Madeleine McCann have focused their efforts on a patch of land on the third day of a fresh search in Praia da Luz.
A Scottish worker deported from Kyrgyzstan has said police there warned him a joke about a traditional sausage could have led to war with the UK.
Nine companies have applied for licences to carry out fracking operations beneath 1,900 sq km of land in Scotland, it has been revealed.
The costs of inaction on climate change will be "catastrophic", according to US Secretary of State John Kerry.
Northern Ireland are to host a four-team Women's Under-19 tournament in October as part of preparations for next year's European Championships.
Three people have been arrested following a disturbance near a demonstration in Glasgow city centre.
Ireland bowler Boyd Rankin has been ruled out of the T20 series against Afghanistan because of a back problem.
Pakistan head coach Waqar Younis has "begged forgiveness from the nation" after the side's group-stage exit from the World Twenty20.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have launched their national manifesto for May's local authority elections.
A teenager who fatally struck his stepfather with a single punch to the head has been cleared of manslaughter, because he acted in self-defence.
Wales Women drew with Czech Republic in their second game of the Cyprus Cup.
Crawley Town have appointed former Cheltenham boss Mark Yates as their new manager on a two-year deal.
LinkedIn has bought US online learning business Lynda for $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn), making it the professional networking site's biggest acquisition to date.
About 3,000 Palestinians are marching towards an Israeli checkpoint in Hebron, not far from Jewish settlements in the centre of the West Bank city.
The Indian government is working on a GPS watch that it hopes will help in the fight against rape.
Rex Tillerson is facing his biggest test as secretary of state over the crisis involving the tiny nation of Qatar.
Concerns over the treatment of children at Jersey's care homes were either covered up or ignored, according to a former social worker.
Monaco have won the Ligue 1 title for the first time in 17 years after a 2-0 win at home to Saint-Etienne.
Schalke have signed Chelsea defender Baba Rahman on a season-long loan.
"Should the UK remain a member of the EU?"
Double Olympic champion Alistair Brownlee marked his debut in long-distance triathlons with victory in an Ironman 70.3 event in Gran Canaria.
Mae gobaith y bydd deddf a fyddai'n cynnig cymorth i bobl sy'n byw gydag awtistiaeth yn cael y gefnogaeth angenrheidiol i ddod yn gyfraith.
Scottish broadcaster STV could soon be the only independent station left in the Channel 3 TV network.
The creator of an app that posted spam to peoples' Instagram accounts has said he made "a terrible mistake".
A car salesman has received a flood of congratulatory tweets after he was mistaken for an Olympic gold medallist.
On Friday Donald Trump jetted off to his resort golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, for a 17-day vacation.
Cash for future mental health provision in Norfolk and Suffolk has "fallen short" of what is needed, prompting a dispute with an NHS trust and a funder.
Hezbollah - the Party of God - is a Shia Islamist political, military and social organisation that wields considerable power in Lebanon.
A man has been charged with the murder of his sister, who was set on fire in an attack at her Manchester home.
Celtic defender Kieran Tierney reckons Ross County's Alex Schalk should be hit with a two-match ban for diving in Sunday's 2-2 draw in Dingwall.
Charlton midfielder Ricky Holmes has signed a new three-year deal with the League One side.
Plans to overhaul secondary schools in Powys will be discussed next month.
A beached minke whale that was stranded in County Kerry in the Republic of Ireland has been helped back to safety.
Brentford midfielder Lewis Macleod will require reconstructive knee surgery and has been ruled out for the season.
Nigeria won a record seventh African Under-20 Championship title by beating hosts Senegal 1-0 in the final on Sunday in Dakar.
Ministers should renationalise the Southern rail service, following weeks of disruption for passengers, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
If you needed a reminder that strong passwords are important online, the Russian website  showing thousands of live video feeds could be it.
David Cameron has yet to publish his new plan for extending military action to Syria but his team are already making the case in the House of Commons.
Michael Dunlop will ride the new GSX-R1000 for the Bennetts Suzuki team at this year's international road races.
The losses were well trailed, but they are still sobering.
West Bromwich Albion's long-serving defender Jonas Olsson has had his contract cancelled to allow him to move back to Sweden to join Djurgarden IF.
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn faced questions on Brexit and foreign policy from a live studio audience in a special general election programme.
Scientists have discovered that the chirps of some crickets could be a cunning way to "startle" potential mates into revealing their location.
Brighton winger Anthony Knockaert says he wants to win the Championship Player of the Year award for his family following the death of his father.
This is the first official photograph of Prime Minister Theresa May's new cabinet.
Northern Ireland-born Johnny McKinstry has expressed his surprise after he was sacked as head coach of Rwanda's national team.
A new island has formed off the coast of North Carolina's Cape Hatteras National Seashore.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson says he "hasn't heard a thing", after press reports suggested the BBC would sack him on Wednesday.
Islam Slimani's injury-time penalty rescued a point for Leicester as they came from behind twice against Middlesbrough.
Ipswich Town goalkeeper Michael Crowe has joined National League side Braintree Town on a one-month loan.
Nottinghamshire's bowlers dominated on the first day at the Riverside before Durham fought back with the ball.
A man was left critically injured after being intentionally driven at in a Birmingham street, police say.
Former Rangers manager Walter Smith believes a sense of bitterness about the way the club was treated remains as they gear up for Premiership football.
Thousands of bright pink plastic detergent bottles have washed up on beaches in Cornwall.
Gloucestershire captain Michael Klinger is set to miss their final two County Championship matches of 2016 as his wife is expecting a baby in October.
The man chosen to head up the Channel Islands' new Brussels office has admitted he has little first hand knowledge of the islands.
Demonstrators blocked a highway in Arizona as Donald Trump prepared to stage a rally near Phoenix.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte's recent statements have caused "consternation" in the US and other nations, the most senior US diplomat for Asia said during a visit to Manila.
Two of the world's biggest mining companies, BHP Billiton and Anglo American, have reported a sharp increase in profits, boosted in part by the rise in commodity prices.
A police force recruiting for a new deputy chief constable has requested applicants submit a "selfie" in order to apply for the role.
Police have arrested a man for human trafficking offences and taken three people to a "place of safety" during a joint operation in Flintshire.
People requesting treatment for broken finger nails and toothache at A&E departments in the north east has prompted a warning about misuse.
Just under 88% of patients attending accident and emergency departments in Scotland in the first week of 2017 were seen within four hours.
Kenyan security forces have been battling suspected al-Shabab militants for more than 10 hours after they staged a dawn attack on a police post near the coastal town of Lamu.
Traffic restrictions on York's Lendal Bridge will be lifted on Saturday, the council has confirmed.
Aljaz Bedene will not be eligible to represent Great Britain in the Davis Cup final after the sport's governing body adjourned his appeal until March.
Football is back.
PSNI Chief Constable George Hamilton has apologised to residents in the Short Strand area of Belfast over the handling of the union flag protests.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman criticised some members of the Liverpool coaching staff following the Reds' 3-1 win at Anfield on Saturday.
Police have re-opened an investigation into the murder of a woman in north Belfast almost 30 years ago.
Even in death, a couple married for nearly 62 years were inseparable.
Jade Jones says she would be "devastated" with anything less than a gold medal from the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A chess grandmaster has been expelled from an international tournament after he was discovered using a smartphone in the toilet to check his moves.
Malta has become the first European country to ban gay conversion therapy.
Organisers of the Southampton half marathon have said they would like to introduce a full marathon to the city.
The imam of China's largest mosque - in the city of Kashgar in Xinjiang - has been killed in what appears to be a targeted assassination.
Light passing through the body and into the womb has an important role in the developing eye, US researchers have discovered.
Descendants of the founding fathers of football have attended a ceremony at Wembley Stadium as a blue plaque was unveiled in their honour.
The Irish government is facing calls to respond to revelations that police failed to prosecute the paedophile priest, Brendan Smyth, in the 1970s.
Arsene Wenger's 21-year reign as Arsenal manager will continue - after he agreed a new two-year contract.
Tyrone look set to be without key defenders Cathal McCarron and Justin McMahon for their Ulster SFC opener against Derry at Celtic Park on 28 May.
Welsh boxer Jay Harris will challenge Thomas Essomba for the Commonwealth flyweight title in just his 10th professional fight.
Gwynedd council has been criticised for not cutting the grass in its cemeteries, play areas and open spaces.
Google has begun rounding up information about unfolding natural disasters, terrorism and other crises within its Search and Maps tools.
For the workers of today, the future can look bleak.
At least 11 people were killed when a Hawker Hunter jet crashed on to the A27 during a display at the Shoreham Airshow.
Plans to repair a derelict wing at a cliff-top mansion in Dorset have been boosted by £2,829,700 of Heritage Lottery Funding.
Fourteen-time Isle of Man TT winner Ian Hutchinson is to stay with the Northern Ireland-based Tyco BMW team for the 2017 international road racing season.
The Maldives military says it stopped seven tourists it claims were sailing to a highly-guarded US military base in the Indian Ocean.
A nurse who was allegedly murdered for her life insurance policy gave her daughter a will in case she was killed, a court has heard.
Twitter's rolling out a feature which could instil fear into your social media hearts.
Popole Misenga and Yolande Mabika, two judoka from the Democratic Republic of Congo, sought asylum in Brazil during the 2013 World Judo Championships in Rio.
A firm has admitted a health and safety breach after an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in a hot tub caused the deaths of three men.
A student has been questioned by police after accessing an "extremist" website found on his course's reading list, it has emerged.
A nursery owner has been ordered to pay £16,500 after a toddler fell from a first-floor window,
A deal to change Tata's pension scheme has proved harder to sell to staff than was expected, BBC Wales understands.
Eagles of Death Metal have appeared on stage in Paris to "resume their gig" three months being attacked there.
Heavy rain has caused travel problems, flooding a number of routes in the Scottish Borders.
The boss of Everything Everywhere, the parent group of UK mobile phone networks Orange and T-Mobile, is standing down for "personal reasons".
The former Goldman Sachs banker Jim O'Neill is passionate about a lot of things - Man Utd being one of them.
Friday's T20 Blast match between Leicestershire and Worcestershire was called off almost seven hours before the scheduled start after heavy rain left the outfield "resembling a lake".
An explosion has ripped through a chemical plant in south-eastern China's Fujian province, sparking a major fire.
Uber has launched a fleet of wheelchair-accessible vehicles that can be requested via the app.
Events to remember servicemen and women who died in conflict are taking place across Scotland.
Masters runner-up Justin Rose believes he will have "many more chances" to win at Augusta National in the wake of his play-off defeat by Sergio Garcia.
All-rounder Ben Stokes hopes Alastair Cook stays on as England captain because he is doing "a great job".
The Stormont speaker has been asked to examine Hansard to see if the assembly was misled by ministers over the absence of Brexit contingency planning.
Would Donald Trump "wreak havoc on world trade" if he became US president?
The death of a teenager stabbed on her way to school could have been prevented if her killer had been given mental health treatment, a report has found.
North Korea has rejected Seoul's call for talks on resuming operations at a joint industrial zone.
A few years ago, it was difficult to browse the web without coming across a site using Flash.
England's Tyrrell Hatton will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the Dunhill Links Championship after he equalled the St Andrews Old Course record with a 10-under-par 62.
Dublin side Cuala will be Slaughtneil's opponents in the All-Ireland Club Hurling semi-finals in February after they won the Leinster title on Sunday.
A career-best 124 from wicketkeeper Ben Cox helped Worcestershire recover from a precarious position on day two against Gloucestershire.
Snooker player Alfie Burden has been given a six-month ban - suspended for a year - for placing bets totalling £25,000 on matches including his own.
Celebration is probably the wrong word even though the UK tops an important international league table for one aspect of health care.
Voters across one Florida county have signalled their approval for releasing genetically modified mosquitoes in a bid to fight Zika virus.
Nicole Kidman has finally revealed why she appeared to be clapping like a seal at this year's Oscars ceremony.
A health board is to carry out a review after a patient absconded from a Dumfries mental health unit.
A 42-page letter written by a British sergeant to his father during the Second Boer War has been sold in an Oxfordshire auction for £1,500.
Winger Danny Swanson has returned to St Johnstone after a frustrating five months with Hearts.
A renovated barn belonging to Carmarthenshire council's leader could be removed after being modified beyond planning permission.
In late February in Baltimore, 36-year-old Chinika Hursey petitioned a court for a domestic violence protection order against her estranged husband, Dominick.
Jonathan Davies returns to partner fellow Wales international Scott Williams in Scarlets' midfield in their European Champions Cup Pool 3 opener against Sale.
Giancarlo Stanton has agreed the most expensive ever deal in United States sport by signing a £208m ($325m) 13-year contract with Miami Marlins.
The truth is that most people have no inkling of the world that lies beneath their feet, or where the bulk of their current energy fix comes from.
Sylvie Guillem's latest appearance on the London stage has been applauded by the critics, one of whom said the 46-year-old was "still one of the most astonishing dancers on stage today".
Fifty-six people who fell ill after attending functions at a bar in Bridgend county had the norovirus, it has been confirmed.
Europe and the United States have confirmed their teams for the upcoming Solheim Cup in Iowa.
A warning has been issued about the dangers of discarded netting and litter after the rescue of a swan which was in danger of drowning.
The violin that was apparently played to calm passengers on the Titanic as it sank was sold for £900,000 in just 10 minutes at auction in Wiltshire.
Scientists have identified willow trees that yield five times as much sugar as ordinary varieties, "drastically reducing" the impact of biofuels.
A Fife businessman is facing a jail sentence after being convicted of abusing a primary school girl.
Welsh 400m hurdler Rhys Williams has failed in his appeal against his omission from Team GB's athletics squad for the Rio Olympics next month.
An inquest into the death of a mother-of-three after an error during surgery has recorded a verdict of misadventure.
A father and his nine-month-old son from east London died in a road crash during a family holiday in Brittany, France, an inquest has heard.
A project to conserve a North East river catchment area has been awarded £223,000 of Lottery funding.
A Detroit mother has been arrested after officials found two of her children dead inside her freezer.
Bolton Wanderers have appointed former Republic of Ireland international Andy Townsend in a consultancy role.
The number of GP surgeries in Northern Ireland at its lowest since 1991, a group of doctors has said.
Marks and Spencer chief executive Marc Bolland earned more than £2m in the last fiscal year.
The Conservatives will not retreat in their support for gay rights because of their pact with the Democratic Unionists, Theresa May has insisted.
The election may be over, with Donald Trump's presidency more than 100 days old, but Hillary Clinton isn't ready to let go.
A pregnant Brazilian woman advised not to return to the country amid Zika virus fears is to have her UK deportation case reviewed.
When Sheffield Crucible associate director Richard Wilson approached playwright Richard Bean with the idea of putting on a play there about snooker, the sport that has made the venue internationally famous, he was against the idea, as "actors can't play snooker".
UK scientists have mapped the genome of the British ash tree, in research to find a way to protect woodlands from a deadly fungus.
Visitors who rent self-catering properties are thought to be worth almost £300m to the Scottish economy, according to new economic research.
(Close): The London market rose more than 1%, recovering most of the ground lost on Thursday.
The presidential candidate for Argentina's governing coalition has won a comfortable majority in primary elections held on Sunday.
A group of football hooligans described as "a pack of animals" has been jailed over an attack which left a football fan unable to walk or speak.
Sunday Oliseh has resigned as coach of Nigeria citing contract violations, unpaid wages and lack of support.
One of the ringleaders behind the Hatton Garden raid has admitted trying to steal £1m of gems from a London jewellers five years earlier.
An alleged Islamist sympathiser accused of sharing so-called Islamic State propaganda online said she would marry "Jihadi John", a court has heard.
The Australian and Tasmanian authorities are abandoning their bid to have logging permitted in the Tasmanian Wilderness, a World Heritage site.
Alex Thomson is attempting to overturn a deficit of about 140 miles in the Vendee Globe Trophy, with the leaders now past the halfway point of the race.
A public arts charity aims to raise £10m over the next two years to help save a building considered one of Scotland's great modernist structures.
A woman has appeared in court charged with murder and arson after her father died following a house fire in Cardiff.
Food and drink exports from Scotland rose to a record £5.5bn last year, government figures show.
The owner of a Swansea nursery has said she is "pleased and humbled" to be recognised in the Queen's birthday honours list.
Tributes have been paid to Keith Palmer, the police officer killed in Wednesday's attack in Westminster.
Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel beat Mercedes' Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Fernando Alonso to pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
A man killed at a level crossing in Gloucestershire may not have heard the train's horn because he was wearing a crash helmet, a report has found.
A Belfast man has been charged with murdering his three-month-old daughter on 7 February 2014.
Chinese women are increasingly taking to social media to speak out against sexual harassment.
A 36-year-old man has appeared in court charged with attacking a man in Londonderry.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says Juan Mata's proposed move from Chelsea to Manchester United raises questions about the fairness of the January transfer window.
Welsh actress Catherine Zeta Jones has been made a CBE by Prince Charles at Buckingham Palace.
The Royal Welch Fusiliers Museum (RWF) has been saved from closure after its funding was secured.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won gold in the men's 100m breaststroke final at the European Championships in London.
The UK government has extended the coastal "blue belt" of protected marine areas.
Bristol Rovers have signed forward Luke James on a season-long loan from fellow League One side Peterborough United.
A former personal assistant to the Duke of Edinburgh accused of sexually abusing a young girl took his victim on a visit to Buckingham Palace, a court has heard.
Data collected by the Washington Post newspaper suggests that the number of people shot by US police is twice as high as official figures claim.
The ancient Egyptian port of Alexandria has seen many historic events, and it might be about to witness the final throes of one of Wales' most illustrious sporting careers.
President Petro Poroshenko has told MPs the military must prepare to defend against a possible "full-scale invasion" from Russia, amid a surge of violence in eastern Ukraine.
Andy Burnham has vowed to reverse the "rapid" privatisation of NHS hospitals in England if Labour wins power.
All-rounder Zafar Ansari's hopes of an England Test debut are in doubt after he dislocated his thumb while fielding.
Two petrol bombings and an arson attack in Dunmurry near Belfast may be linked, the police have said.
Uber has fired more than 20 people, and is taking other actions against staff, after a harassment investigation.
Dundee United football legend Frank Kopel has died aged 65.
New Zealand rugby union great Sir Colin Meads has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana is set to miss "a couple of months" because of a thigh injury, Reds' manager Jurgen Klopp has confirmed.
Mae'n un o gymeriadau mwyaf lliwgar y pumed Cynulliad ond wyddoch chi am gefndir Neil Hamilton fel disgybl ysgol yng ngorllewin Cymru?
Phil Taylor produced a brilliant semi-final display to beat Adrian Lewis and stay on course for his 16th World Matchplay title.
David Turner is awaiting sentence after admitting to a court that he imported an obscene child sex doll into the UK.
Paulo Dybala scored a 97th-minute penalty to give Juventus a dramatic win over AC Milan and extend their lead at the top of Serie A to 11 points.
Wrexham are hopeful on loan defender David Artell will receive international clearance in time for Saturday's home game against Alfreton Town.
A man who is serving life for murdering teenager Jayden Parkinson has been given a further sentence for affray.
Rotherham midfielders Lee Frecklington (knee and calf) and Tom Adeyemi (calf) could be fit to return.
When Apple said it was going to allow ad blocking on the iPhone version of its web browser last September, it escalated a conflict that had been building in the digital economy for years.
Leap Motion's precise movement tracking device has long been criticised for being a great idea in need of a practical application.
Sensitive material will not be disclosed at an inquest into the death of a Russian whistleblower after the home secretary won a High Court order.
One of the Chinese Communist Party's rising stars, Hu Chunhua, has been appointed party boss in the powerhouse province of Guangdong.
A Christian health worker asked a colleague to treat one of his patients because he believed the man was homosexual, a hearing has been told.
Michu, the forward who helped Swansea win the League Cup in 2013, has been forced to retire at the age of 31.
The authorities in Sierra Leone are enforcing a three-day lockdown to curb the spread of Ebola, with the entire population ordered to stay at home.
A major highway which has been closed since an underground fire in central London will reopen on Wednesday.
Most people associate a charity marathon with months of training ending in a gruelling test of endurance.
Moises Henriques has been released from hospital following the on-field collision with Surrey team-mate Rory Burns that left him with a broken jaw.
A Flintshire library dedicated to 19th Century Liberal Prime Minister William Gladstone has complained to UKIP after the party used a photo of it in its Welsh manifesto.
Holders Leeds made sure of their place in the last four of the Challenge Cup with a comfortable win over a brave but wasteful Hull FC.
Average newspaper circulations in Wales have continued to fall, according to the latest industry figures.
The final bill for repairs to the clock tower at Aberdeen's Town House could end up at more than £4.3m, it has been revealed.
Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has received another endorsement from a leading Republican, two days after the first presidential debate.
"What you gonna do when you get into bat, Joe?"
This month sees the release of the latest set of 24 images from a group of photographers who document the first 24 hours of each year.
The new opposition-controlled National Assembly in Venezuela plans to speed up moves to oust the government of Nicolas Maduro as economic woes deepen.
Despite the grumbling at the criticism they received following the heavy defeat in the second Test against South Africa, England will have probably admitted in private that what happened at Trent Bridge wasn't good enough.
A trainee nurse who went missing from Bristol has been reportedly seen 10 times since a search for her began.
A machete attacker who left a man permanently disabled has been jailed for 14 years.
The Met Gala usually draws little interest in India, but this year actress Priyanka Chopra's appearance in a vast detective trench coat outfit has inspired jokes, memes and even profound symbolic interpretations.
Microsoft has u-turned over changes it made to a pop-up encouraging users to upgrade to Windows 10.
Oregon will not be renewing a scheme which uses goats to eat invasive species due to rising costs and complaints over the animals' odour.
Two ancient mummies more than a thousand years old have been found in Peru in South America.
England's warm-up match against a South Africa Invitation XI was abandoned as a draw as heavy storms wrecked the third and final day in Potchefstroom.
Harlequins have agreed a deal to sign Wales centre Jamie Roberts from French Top 14 side Racing Metro.
Ireland let a 13-point lead slip as Wales fought back for a draw in a compelling Six Nations match in Dublin.
Hind Ahmas is a French citizen, a 32-year-old divorced mother and a defiant wearer of the full-face veil - the niqab.
Birmingham City boss Lee Clark has responded to his side's string of defensive injuries by bringing in former West Bromwich Albion left-back Paul Robinson on a short-term deal.
Net entrepreneur Kim Dotcom plans to relaunch the Megaupload web storage system in January 2017.
Wilko Johnson says he has found it "difficult" coming to terms with still being alive after being told he had terminal cancer.
A 16-year-old girl found on a path had been stabbed to death, police said.
More than 240,000 people lined the streets to watch Leicester City parade on open-top buses in celebration of their Premier League title win.
One person has been taken to hospital after a serious fire gutted a house in West Sussex during the early hours on Saturday.
Wolves defender Ethan Ebanks-Landell has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract at the Championship club.
A man has been charged with sexually attacking girls while he worked at a secondary school in Hampshire in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Manager Craig Shakespeare challenged his Leicester team to reach the Champions League again after their quarter-final loss to Atletico Madrid.
The sudden death of billionaire landowner and philanthropist the Duke of Westminster means his 25-year-old son Hugh has now inherited an estate worth £9bn.
British number three Kyle Edmund progressed to the Delray Beach Open quarter-finals with victory over Taiwan's Lu Yen-hsun on Thursday.
Insurance claims after the deadly Tianjin blast could far exceed official estimates, Fitch ratings agency has warned.
Schools in England will be banned from taking pupils' fingerprints and using face-recognition technology unless they get permission from parents.
Newport Gwent Dragons held on against Edinburgh to move up to ninth in the table.
Pepsi outsold Diet Coke last year to become the second most popular carbonated drink in the US, as health-conscious consumers continued to shun products with artificial sweeteners.
Prince William has launched an appeal to secure the future of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders Regimental Museum in Stirling.
Relegated Dundee United open their Championship campaign at home to Queen of the South on 6 August.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have honoured Irishmen who fought for Britain and all the people who died in the 1916 Easter Rising.
A former soldier who was stationed in Crossmaglen during the Troubles has met one of the players involved in a GAA team in the south Armagh town.
The UK economy is "resilient" despite forecasts that government finances will be £122bn worse off than previously expected by 2020, the chancellor said.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
A Welsh man caught up in the London terror attack has described how he and his friends had to hide from an attacker in a restaurant toilet.
Six people have been killed in violent protests against high transport prices in the Darfur region of western Sudan, local officials say.
The scheduling of a tribunal into the behaviour of a Plaid Cymru AM at the same time as his party's conference gives the appearance of political interference, the party's chief executive has said.
Let's start in Moseley Village - "Britain's best place to live in", according last year's survey by The Sunday Times.
A second man has been arrested following the death of a man outside a block of flats in Glasgow.
A top US military college says it has suspended eight cadets seen in photos wearing pillowcases resembling hoods worn by the white supremacist Ku Klux Klan.
Fans of Action Man have gathered at the spiritual home of the popular toy to celebrate his 50th birthday.
At least five people have been killed in a second day of violence related to caste rights in the northern Indian state of Haryana, police say.
Gloucestershire sealed a place in the semi-final of the One-Day Cup after winning a thrilling rain-reduced match against Hampshire in Bristol.
Tory Douglas Carswell has defected to UKIP and quit as MP for Clacton, saying he will contest the subsequent by-election for Nigel Farage's party.
England face a difficult run chase against Pakistan after the tourists ended the third day of the first Test with a lead of 281.
Two men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death after being ambushed by a rival gang.
A man found with extreme pornography on his computer has been placed on the sex offenders register for three years.
Barrow suffered a narrow home defeat by Southport on their return to National League action.
Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill has urged the European Union to act swiftly to support farmers.
Office staff are being warned about fake emails that appear to come from one of their bosses, telling them to transfer money.
Yeovil Town's Matthew Dolan scored a goal from inside his own half as the League Two side reached the EFL Cup second round with a win a Walsall.
Substitute Ollie Palmer salvaged a point for Leyton Orient in stoppage time as they drew with Cambridge United at Brisbane Road.
As the water of Lake Albert laps at the shore of Bugoma village, some fishermen are fixing their nets.
Over the last week, I've had a taste of our mobile future.
A new mural by street artist Banksy in Bristol has been vandalised less than 24 hours after the work appeared.
Ukraine has halted the movement of all goods in and out of areas seized by pro-Russian separatists in the east of the country.
More than 260 Islamist militants have surrendered in north-eastern Nigeria, the military has said.
Two men have been charged with murder after a 34-year-old man was stabbed to death in south-east London on Tuesday.
England have named a 12-strong squad for the Netball Europe competition in Newcastle next month.
A man has been jailed for setting fire to six cars in East Lothian, including a camper van in which a man was sleeping.
Burnley defender Matt Lowton has extended his contract at Turf Moor to the end of the 2019-20 season.
Chinese insurance firm Anbang has raised its offer for Starwood Hotels to $14bn (£9.8bn), extending a bidding war with Marriott for the group.
A new response system for 999 calls is to be piloted by the Scottish Ambulance Service.
A referendum still needs to be held before income tax powers are devolved to Wales, First Minister Carwyn Jones has told MPs.
Mark Zuckerberg has said Facebook will do more to tackle fake news, and again denied it had in any way aided Donald Trump's presidential election victory.
The Loopallu music festival was held at the weekend in Ullapool, bringing together well-known acts, newcomers and several thousand music fans.
Opium growing has increased in Burma for a sixth year running despite eradication efforts, a UN report says.
A "public health emergency" has been declared in Nottinghamshire after six people died in the county within a week after taking unusually pure heroin.
One of Australia's biggest lenders, National Australia Bank (NAB), has posted a 5.4% rise in cash profit year-on-year for the six months to March.
A 13-year-old girl who had been missing from her hometown since Sunday has been found safe and well.
A giant spider common in Australia, Africa and Asia, has been found inside a shipping container in Scotland.
Support groups have set up what they say is the first UK clinic to offer support for male sexual abuse victims.
Extra social workers and new IT systems are to be introduced in a bid to improve children's social care in Birmingham.
Australian Adrian Bayley has been jailed for the rape and murder of Irish woman Jill Meagher.
US border patrol agents have found a medieval-style catapult mounted on the border wall with Mexico, designed to launch bundles of drugs into the US.
A rare Borneo orangutan and her baby have been rescued from an attack by angry villagers in Indonesia as they were escaping rampant wildfires.
Dozens of troops and militants have been killed in clashes in eastern Yemen, Yemeni security sources say.
Nigella Lawson's US cookery show The Taste has been axed by TV network ABC after two series, following a dramatic ratings slump.
A road on a new estate in Worcestershire could be named after the headteacher at the local school.
Swindon Town FC hopes to develop new training facilities with the help of money from a trust set up by a former supporter.
People in Denbigh have been asked to search their outbuildings, gardens and bins for a kitchen knife used in a fatal stabbing.
Craftspeople have been working with amputees who use artificial lower limbs to create more personalised prosthesis.
Hundreds of students in Burundi have spent the night in front of the US embassy after their university was closed amid anti-government protests.
St Mirren have signed midfielder Pal Fjelde and striker Rory Loy until the end of the season, with the latter joining on loan from Dundee.
Only 404 people have applied for loans for adult apprenticeships in the three months since September, official data suggests.
A plan for a helipad on top of a new multi-storey car park at a Nottingham hospital has been approved.
Wales' environment body is not clear of its own purpose, the chair of the assembly's environment committee has claimed.
A Royal Marines trainee who collapsed on a training exercise on Dartmoor died of natural causes.
Staff at the University of Salford are expected to strike on Thursday in support of two sacked colleagues.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after another man was found with stab wounds in a Devon town.
Millwall would have to consider a move away from London if land around The Den is sold to developers, according to chief executive Steve Kavanagh.
Farmers have been urged to report crop circles made on their land to police after a recent spate of them.
It's exactly two years since the door of Peter Humphrey's Shanghai bedroom was kicked in by police and he disappeared into a prison nightmare which ended only three weeks ago with his deportation from China.
DUP MLA Gregory Campbell has defended his actions after being barred by the assembly speaker over what has been described as "schoolboy behaviour".
Scientists are calling on world leaders to sign up to an eight-point plan of action at landmark talks in Paris.
Badminton Scotland has appointed Malaysian Tat Meng Wong as the organisation's new head coach.
Nintendo is facing more complaints about its new console, Switch, this time about the controllers failing to connect.
President Donald Trump's son has hit back at US media reports of his meeting with a Russian lawyer who said she had damaging material about Hillary Clinton.
The Queen has opened a two-day summit of leaders of the 53 Commonwealth nations in Malta.
Syria's government is prepared to take part in UN-brokered peace talks aimed at finding a political solution to the four-year conflict in the country.
Captain Virat Kohli says India are wary of Bangladesh's threat in Thursday's Champions Trophy semi-final at Edgbaston.
Plans to reintroduce beavers to Wales after an absence of centuries are moving ahead after wildlife experts submitted an application to release 10 of the creatures into the wild.
Levels of peace around the world have improved slightly for the first time since the Syrian war began, but harmony has decreased in the US and terrorism records have increased, a Sydney-based think-tank has found.
Welsh Labour leader Carwyn Jones faces questions from an audience in Llangollen in the last in a daily series of live TV election specials.
A mother has shared an image of her daughter before her death from meningitis to back a campaign for vaccines to be given to all children.
The company that developed 3D printed gun parts has announced plans to launch a new firm, dedicated to copyright-free blueprints for a range of 3D printable objects.
Dame Lowell Goddard's independent inquiry into child sexual abuse has begun hearing legal submissions about the scope of her investigations into the late Labour peer Lord Janner.
Kadeena Cox is no stranger to celebrating on the podium, the 25-year-old from Leeds has enjoyed a lot of success in her career.
The Hollywood remake of The Crow, which will be filmed in south Wales this summer, could help reopen Cardiff's historic Coal Exchange.
Under-strength Ireland produced a display of discipline and invention to stun the in-form Springboks in Dublin.
The number of times police have used Tasers in Devon and Cornwall has nearly doubled over a two-year period.
Derbyshire captain Wayne Madsen has been awarded the inaugural Christopher Martin-Jenkins Spirit of Cricket Elite Award.
They are the new craze sweeping school playgrounds.
House prices across Scotland have continued to rise despite a marked drop in housing market activity, according to a report.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has taken the first step in legal action over government plans to scrap maintenance grants in England.
Women are finding it harder to work in London than the rest of the country because of the costs of transport and childcare, according to a report.
Ceremonies are being held in Russia and on board its naval vessels to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the Kursk nuclear submarine disaster.
A founder member of the Isle of Man's Parkinson's Disease Society is one of three Manx residents recognised in the 2014 Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Most illegally poached African elephant ivory can be traced back to just two areas of Africa, research shows.
Championship leaders Hibernian twice came from behind to salvage a draw at home to Dumbarton.
Matt Jones held off a challenge from world number one Jordan Spieth and fellow Australian Adam Scott to win the Australian Open by a shot.
A man accused of not recognising the murders of 8,000 Muslim men and boys in Srebrenica as genocide has been elected the town's first Serb mayor since 1999.
An investigation has been launched following a fire in the grounds of a youth centre in Wrexham.
The man hoping to unseat the leader of the UK's largest trade union has dismissed claims he is part of a plot to undermine Jeremy Corbyn.
Bosses of the Celtic Manor, which hosted the Ryder Cup and the Nato summit, are threatening legal action against a village club changing its name to Celtic Minor.
Liverpool has identified the preferred site of a proposed permanent cruise terminal that could see transatlantic crossings return to the city.
Children's heart surgery is set to restart at Leeds General Infirmary, a week after it was claimed data showed higher-than-usual death rates there.
A British man has reportedly died fighting with Kurdish forces against so-called Islamic State in Syria.
Police in Bolivia have clashed with protesters they were trying to evict from a gold mine 200km (125 miles) north-west of the city of La Paz.
A further six men have been arrested in connection with violence and disorder at the Scottish Cup Final in May.
Cranberries singer Dolores O'Riordan has been ordered to give 6,000 euros (£4,690) to charity after head-butting an Irish police officer.
People who do not speak fluent English will be barred from public sector jobs which involve working directly with the public, the government has said.
Skywatchers are about to get a rare chance to see five planets align in the night sky in a celestial show that has not been seen for more than a decade.
England have made it through to the final of the Women's Cricket World Cup.
Original bawdy sketches the basis of thousands of "saucy seaside" postcards have been auctioned in Gloucestershire.
Detroit may be gearing up for a battle with creditors the day after it became the largest US city ever to file for bankruptcy, with $18bn (£12bn) of debt.
The family of a black driver killed by a police officer during a traffic stop in Minnesota will receive $3m (Â£2.4m).
Russia says one of its warships fired warning shots at a Turkish fishing vessel in the Aegean Sea to avoid a collision.
League One bottom club Crewe Alexandra have signed Notts County striker Danny Haynes on a month's emergency loan.
An unmanned boat sent by a school in the USA has washed up on the Pembrokeshire coast three months after it set sail.
Manchester United's new manager Louis van Gaal made a winning start as Wayne Rooney scored twice in a 7-0 defeat of LA Galaxy in front of a crowd of 86,432 at the Rose Bowl in California.
Work to upgrade the rail lines in south Wales has been completed over the festive period, Network Rail has said.
Former Tyrone panellist Shay McGuigan has responded angrily to comments from Mickey Harte about players who left the Red Hand football squad last summer.
Up to 800 tonnes of metal and plastic is ablaze at a recycling plant in Birmingham with huge plumes of smoke visible across the city.
A Palestinian held without charge by Israel has lost consciousness after nearly two months on hunger strike in protest at his detention.
An ancient statue that was recovered by a Nazi expedition in the 1930s was originally carved from a highly valuable meteorite.
A burglar has been jailed after his "novelty" underwear was held up in court and used as evidence against him.
Vulnerable people have been urged to have the flu jab as the number of people admitted to hospital with the virus in Wales continues to rise.
Tyrone fought back to clinch a 1-16 to 4-6 victory over Derry in a dramatic Dr McKenna Cup encounter at Owenbeg.
Winger Roy Beerens says he is thrilled to be weighing in with goals as Reading look to keep hold of their position in the Championship top six.
Michael O'Neill has been appointed as the new manager of Northern Ireland.
Um Ahmad was the first woman to join the protests in Douma, a town on the eastern outskirts of Damascus.
Islamic assemblies were held without consultation at a Birmingham school involved in the "Trojan Horse" affair, a misconduct panel has heard.
Zimbabwe is to build a $1bn (Â£770m) university dedicated to the man accused of leading his country to the brink of economic collapse, Robert Mugabe.
William Dunlop clinched a double success at the Tandragee 100 meeting, winning the feature Superbike race and the Supersport 600cc event.
Cavan had three players sent off yet still earned a 2-8 to 0-11 win over Armagh in a fiesty Dr McKenna Cup opener at Crossmaglen.
The former BBC journalist and News Letter editor Austin Hunter has been killed in a traffic accident in Bahrain.
Open University (OU) staff have gone on strike after the institution said it would press ahead with plans to close seven regional centres.
New UFC champion Miesha Tate says she wants to face Ronda Rousey for a third time but doubts whether her nemesis will be the same fighter.
A 14-year-old boy who stabbed a supply teacher before bragging about the racially-motivated attack on Facebook has been handed an 11-year sentence.
The European Schiaparelli probe may have to contend with relatively dusty conditions when it arrives at Mars.
Substitute Andy Rose scored with his first touch as Coventry City edged to victory over 10-man Bradford City.
Reading women have signed former Bristol Academy and England Under-23 goalkeeper Mary Earps.
Buyers of a four-bedroom family home in London need deep pockets - but perhaps not as cavernous as a year ago.
Strong sales of plus-size and petite clothes have helped boost profit at online fashion retailer Boohoo.
Ireland's Darren O'Neill stopped Gabriel Richards in the first round at the European Olympic Qualifying event in Samsun, Turkey, on Tuesday.
The chief executive of troubled Deutsche Bank has emailed the 100,000 staff to reassure them that the German giant's finances are strong.
Junior Brown headed the winner as Shrewsbury moved to the brink of League One safety with a victory over Southend.
Uefa has commissioned a research project that will examine the links between dementia and playing football.
One of the most famous and influential journalists in the Arab world, the Egyptian Mohamed Hassanein Heikal, has died in Cairo at the age of 92.
Police believe a man arrested over a £1.5m drugs haul belongs to a Dublin crime gang with links to Northern Ireland and Holland, a court has heard.
The wife of a jailed Nottinghamshire drugs baron will lose the family home after a High Court judge ruled she turned a blind eye to his activities.
The word seems almost benign - a "glitch" affecting computer systems at the Royal Bank of Scotland.
The driver who was behind the wheel of the bin lorry that crashed in Glasgow has been suspended by his employer.
A man jailed for life for murdering and dismembering a mother-of-three has launched a bid to quash his conviction.
Wages are set to rise by more than inflation for the first time in almost six years, says an economic forecaster.
Hibernian extended their perfect start in the Scottish Championship as a Jason Cummings goal proved enough to beat Dumbarton.
A post-Brexit vote surge in Irish passport applications has hit the case of a Swansea woman claiming to be held in Saudi Arabia against her will.
A £9.4bn package of investment in the railways in England and Wales, including £4.2bn of new schemes, has been unveiled by the government.
The Greek parliament has passed a law allowing migrants arriving in the country to be returned to Turkey.
A 911 dispatcher in the US has resigned after telling a frantic caller who was trying to save the life of a shooting victim to "deal with it yourself".
Fourth seed Victoria Azarenka has joined the list of Madrid Open withdrawals with a back injury.
A plane not certified to travel for long distances over water was used to fly from Los Angeles to Hawaii last month, American Airlines has confirmed.
A memorial stone has been laid in Glasgow to honour a World War One officer who led a successful advance while so badly wounded he could not stand.
Hostess Brands is selling its cake bakery business, which includes Twinkies cakes, to two private equity companies.
Five sudden deaths in greater Belfast over the past few days are being investigated, with police saying three of the cases may have involved drugs.
Thailand's aviation sector is under scrutiny after an international safety audit led to a ban on new flights to China, Japan and South Korea.
Carmaker Jaguar Land Rover has teamed up with virtual band Gorillaz to find 5,000 staff to enhance its expertise in autonomous and electric technology.
Newly promoted Premier League side Hull City are interested in signing Reading and Wales defender Chris Gunter.
Ever wondered why it takes an age for some web pages to load on your mobile phone, even when you have a good signal?
A Chinese laundry detergent advertisement is causing widespread outrage online and is being dubbed the most racist commercial to be screened.
Italy's centre-right ex-prime minister Silvio Berlusconi is celebrating local election success in an alliance with two right-wing parties.
Ten Russian paratroopers captured inside Ukraine a week ago have returned home following a troop exchange, Russian media report.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced that Turkey will hold snap elections, expected on 1 November.
Manchester Airport has broken its all-time yearly passenger record, with more than 22.32m people flying from the site over the last 12 months.
Zhao Shuai won China's 19th gold medal of the Rio Games by taking the men's -58kg Olympic taekwondo title on Wednesday.
Police in the US state of Missouri are searching for arsonist who set fire to seven churches in the St Louis area in the past two weeks.
Reading striker Yann Kermorgant has confirmed he will retire at the end of the 2017-18 season.
A woman who died from her injuries after a crash on the outskirts of Aberdeen has been named.
In the 1960s, when Dimitris Tsoukalas was a teenager, mules were the only form of transport available in his village.
A cloud-free atmosphere has allowed scientists to pick out signs of water vapour on a distant planet the size of Neptune: the smallest "exoplanet" ever to reveal its chemical composition.
A terminally-ill former World War Two spitfire engineer has taken to the skies after a poignant photo of him became an unlikely internet hit.
The joint commitment from the worldâ€™s super-polluters, announced on Saturday, is a big step towards turning the Paris climate agreement into reality.
Conservationists are searching for a missing cuckoo called David who usually returns to his Ceredigion breeding grounds.
Coventry City legend Steve Ogrizovic says the size of their travelling army of supporters for Sunday's EFL Trophy final against Oxford United sums up the "special" spirit of the Sky Blues.
A man who was jailed for life for murdering a shopkeeper who he claimed had "disrespected" Islam is to appeal against his minimum 27-year jail term.
Newcastle United midfielder Cheick Tiote has been filmed driving while holding an open bottle of champagne.
The new £100m Inverness Campus has been officially opened by Deputy First Minister John Swinney.
Rebel gunmen have shot their way into the heavily fortified Chechen capital, Grozny, in a night-time attack which left as many as 16 people dead.
Chelsea Football Club has reported a record profit of £18.4m ($29m) for the year to June 2014 - despite last season's lack of silverware.
Four years ago, Helen Glover was an aspiring hockey player and Heather Stanning was embarking on a career in the army.
As the dust settles after the general election, many men and women who once trod the corridors of power as Members of Parliament are facing up to life after defeat.
Lessons must be learned in Scotland from the Rotherham child abuse scandal, according to a children's charity.
Fe wnaeth llywodraeth y DU osgoi colli pleidlais o drwch blewyn yn Nhŷ'r Arglwyddi nos Fawrth dros welliant i Fesur Cymru.
A controversial bill to expand the role of Japan's armed forces has cleared another hurdle in parliament, but sparked scuffles among lawmakers.
Bristol City have signed midfielder Gary O'Neil on a free transfer from recently relegated Norwich City.
There has been uproar in the Indian parliament over a former Supreme Court judge's allegations of corruption in the judiciary.
The current Zika epidemic is likely to end within three years because there will be too few people left to infect, a team of scientists is predicting.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has postponed the annual civil service entry exam because of concerns it discriminates against women.
Vodka and other spirits worth hundreds of pounds have been stolen from two Tesco stores in southern Scotland.
No-one said a Lions Test series victory has to be a thing of beauty, or a clear demonstration of superiority.
The pilot flying a jet which crashed at the Shoreham airshow was involved in an incident at a different airshow a year before, it has emerged.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have said they are extending their stay to continue exploring a second site.
Pop star Madonna has been labelled "breathtakingly arrogant" after coming on stage over two hours late in Brisbane, Australia.
Labour wants the immediate transfer of election powers to Holyrood to allow MSPs to give 16 and 17-year-olds the vote in 2016.
Wales have called up Scarlets back rower Aaron Shingler for Test matches against Tonga and Samoa in June.
Rafael Correa has been Ecuador's president since 2007 but it is probably fair to say he has never had as much international attention as in recent weeks.
War memorials in the UK and India have been twinned to remember Indian workers who died in World War One.
All photographs are copyrighted.
An Inverness man who planned to end his own life in a clinic in Switzerland has called for greater support for people with multiple sclerosis.
A new memorial will be unveiled later in honour of a Red Arrows pilot killed in a crash during an air show.
Glenavon beat Ards 1-0 to join the newly promoted Co Down side at the Premiership summit.
Championship side Swinton knocked Super League strugglers Huddersfield Giants out of the Challenge Cup fifth round.
Oil giant Royal Dutch Shell has announced it is to shed 6,500 jobs as part of cost-cutting plans as it seeks to counter falling oil prices.
New captain Kyle Coetzer believes this week's two one-day internationals against Pakistan are the beginning of a "new era" for Scotland.
Four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was shot dead outside a takeaway.
A letter of surrender written by Irish rebel Patrick Pearse has been withdrawn from auction in Dublin after bidding stalled at 770,000 euros (Â£650,000).
Female dormice which have offspring with more than one father in the same litter can help ensure their survival, a 10-year study has found.
Saturday's Women's Super League 1 game between Doncaster Rovers Belles and Arsenal Ladies has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
The Prince of Wales has met Bahrain's prime minister before visiting a temple with the Duchess of Cornwall on their final day of touring the Middle East.
Ten years ago Steve Harmison was giving Australia's batsmen sleepless nights, unleashing 90mph deliveries during an unforgettable summer of cricket which saw England regain the Ashes.
Space epic The Martian, in which Matt Damon plays an astronaut stranded on Mars, was the top film at UK box offices for a second week.
A Moray fish and chip shop has been named the best in Scotland.
Britain's first fully polymer £5 note is in the running for the International Banknote of the Year award.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said her party wants to deprive Labour of control of health and education policy after the 2016 assembly election.
The mother of a Castlederg boy is asking the Department of Health to refund money she spent funding his health care in England.
The Nepal Oil Corporation (NOC) is considering flying in fuel to the landlocked nation as it continues to face a crippling shortage of petroleum products.
Greg Tansey is relieved to have ended his long wait to sign for Aberdeen after leaving relegated Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Aston Villa have suspended striker Gabby Agbonlahor and will conduct an investigation following allegations concerning his conduct.
Saracens back row Jacques Burger will retire from rugby after Sunday's Premiership game against Newcastle.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of two men were found in the garden of a house in Hull.
Labour has increased its majority in Swansea and held on to control of Neath Port Talbot council.
A bronze bust of Cristiano Ronaldo has made headlines around the world for its lack of resemblance to the Real Madrid star.
Worcestershire will be without Australia all-rounder John Hastings for the remainder of the 2017 season.
While Wales football fans enjoy the hospitality of France for Euro 2016, one will be sleeping rough.
Seven Baltimore police officers have been charged with robbery, extortion, falsely detaining people and faking reports to cover it up.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has told his political rivals in the Republic of Ireland they could "learn a lesson" from unionists in Northern Ireland.
Organising her own funeral is not something that 36-year-old Laura Lennox ever thought she would have to do.
Twenty areas across England are to receive funding to provide more support for pregnant women and new mothers with severe mental health problems.
China has sought to assure global finance ministers about the state of its slowing economy, as the G20 meeting gets under way in Shanghai.
A dog was rescued by lifeboat volunteers after becoming stuck on a cliff in Pembrokeshire.
The attainment gap between pupils from the wealthiest and least well off backgrounds has widened, according to the Scottish Conservatives.
BMX racing is a young man's game, right?
Surrey have appointed former Australia one-day international batsman Michael di Venuto as their new head coach to replace Graham Ford.
Australia batsman Chris Rogers says he plans to retire from international cricket after this summer's Ashes in England.
Motorists will be able to recharge their cars as they drive if a scheme being proposed by Highways England comes to fruition.
West Ham are closing in on the signing of Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho for an expected £30m.
The EU should crack down on the illegal gun trade, the prime minister will urge in the wake of the Paris attacks.
A former Wales rugby player-turned coach has been fined Â£350 for making threats after he retaliated to racist taunts while out in Denbighshire.
It is five months since Minsk gave its name to a peace deal for Ukraine.
At least 22 children have died and dozens more have fallen ill after eating lunch at a school in the eastern Indian state of Bihar.
Nigeria have started the process of finding a new manager of the national team, according to the country's football federation.
A family was taken to hospital after a child turned on a cooker setting a pan of oil on fire at a house in Rhyl, North Wales fire service has said.
Almost exactly two years ago, Iraq's second biggest city, Mosul, was overrun by the forces of so-called Islamic State (IS).
A retired neurosurgeon has knocked Donald Trump off top spot in the Republican presidential campaign.
Reigning champions Toulon beat Bath to reach the Champions Cup quarter-finals, but missed out on top spot in Pool Five.
More than 120,000 households in Northern Ireland will have their tax credit payments reduced as a result of the July budget.
The owner of an animal park in Cumbria has been served with a warning over the escape of a "threatening" bird.
Masked raiders who threatened a pensioner in her own home were pictured as they made their getaway.
A war memorial in Devon has been burnt in a "sickening act of mindless vandalism", police say.
Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court has upheld the sentence of 1,000 lashes and 10 years of imprisonment on blogger Raif Badawi, despite a foreign outcry.
Road closures have been announced ahead of Cardiff Bay's triathlon and sailing events on Sunday.
A whale has died after beaching on a shingle bank off the Suffolk coast.
Five police officers in Ukraine have been killed by friendly fire during a botched operation to arrest robbers, an interior ministry official has said.
Tunisian security forces have killed five suspected Islamist militants in the mountains near the central town of Gafsa, officials say.
The last BHS store in Scotland has closed its doors for the final time, following the collapse of the high street retailer earlier this year.
Burglars confronted former Coronation Street star Helen Flanagan during a break-in at her Cheshire home.
The UK's defences against cyber attacks are to be strengthened under new plans that will see the Ministry of Defence working with its biggest contractors.
Afghanistan may have more than a trillion dollars worth of untapped mineral deposits, a spokesman for the ministry of mines has suggested.
Ever wondered if your dog can REALLY understand what you are saying?
From Blue Moon to You'll Never Walk Alone, almost every team have their own song - but do you recognise some of the lesser-known chants?
Fly-tipping was reported almost 107 times every hour across England, as the number of incidents rose for the third year in a row.
Urgent work will be required on several of the 17 Edinburgh schools which were closed due to safety fears.
Suspected militants have killed three police officers and wounded five others in an attack in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, the interior ministry says.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown admits he cannot explain why his side's white-ball cricket has been inconsistent this season.
Detectives are continuing to question a man about a fatal stabbing after a car crash in West Sussex.
There is no clear evidence that the Orlando gunman was directed by the so-called Islamic State group (IS), US President Barack Obama has said.
Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield has exchanged tweets from space with William Shatner, who played Captain Kirk in Star Trek.
Paris St-Germain have signed Benfica winger Goncalo Guedes for £25.5m.
Police are investigating after pupils at a Derbyshire school were encouraged to post explicit images online.
David Cameron is campaigning for Britain to remain in the EU after securing a deal he claims will give the country "special status" in the 28 nation bloc.
A 19-year-old man was stabbed in the chest during a brawl involving up to 30 men in Birmingham, say police.
Up to 80 jobs are under threat at one of Scotland's largest life sciences companies.
The owner of a lorry that crashed on a steep hill in Bath killing four people has told a jury he did not think the vehicle was unsafe that day.
Footage has been released showing the demolition of a bridge over the A38 in Devon.
A parrot fossil has been unearthed in Siberia - the furthest north one of these birds has ever been found, a study reports.
Banks must investigate alternative arrangements for customers before closing the last bank in town, under a new agreement.
There is a cynicism in the relationship between Russia and the US, being played out in the Crimean crisis, which is deep, rooted in history and shows that the triumph of capitalism over communism wasn't the end of the power game between these two nations.
Adele has failed to win any nominations at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards, which recognise achievement in songwriting.
Steven Sotloff is the second American journalist the jihadist group Islamic State (IS) has killed.
A clinical Inverness Caley Thistle spoiled Ross County's celebrations with a fifth straight derby win at Dingwall.
Fifty workers at a Londonderry waste firm have lost their jobs.
Bath flanker Francois Louw will serve a two-week ban after his appeal against the decision was dismissed.
Owen Farrell will start at fly-half for England in Saturday's first Test against Australia in Brisbane with George Ford dropping to the bench.
The government has drafted in senior officials to support the Commonwealth amid concerns over the way it is being run, the BBC has learned.
Scientists at Queen's University in Belfast have discovered a new way of causing breast cancer cells to self destruct.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was fatally stabbed in a Nottingham street.
Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic's violent conduct ban has been reduced from three games to two, but he will still miss Sunday's League Cup final.
Olympic superhero Michael Phelps is one of the fastest swimmers on Earth, but he's been taking up a pretty weird challenge.
Annan Athletic had to work hard for a gritty 1-0 win at East Stirlingshire with Josh Todd bagging the only goal.
FC Halifax claimed their first win of the season by beating Solihull.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has thrown his support behind a new cross-party campaign aimed at ensuring the UK leaves the European Union.
Oil giant Shell has been fined thousands of pounds after a diesel leak on board a North Sea platform.
The hustings in Colchester has a comfortably old fashioned feel to it.
Higher inflation and a freeze on state benefits mean low-income parents cannot meet the basic costs of raising a child, according to the Child Poverty Action Group.
A student ordered to pay £20,000 by a New York judge after US authorities said he broke copyright laws says he is "happy it's finally over".
Police have said a suspicious object found in west Belfast was a "crude but viable" bomb.
Something BIG is happening beneath the streets of London.
Religious supplementary schools in England that teach children intolerance will be investigated and closed down, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Italian rider Ivan Basso has withdrawn from the Tour de France after revealing he has testicular cancer.
A man accused of murdering 29 people in the Real IRA bomb attack in Omagh in 1998 has appeared in court in the County Tyrone town for the first time.
Japan's government wants a UN expert to retract a claim that 13% of Japanese schoolgirls engage in "compensated dating", which can involve sex.
Iran flew an unarmed drone over a US aircraft carrier and took "precise" photographs during a naval drill in the Gulf, its state broadcaster said.
You could forgive Apple's legal team for coming across a little exasperated on Monday evening.
The UK satellite telecommunications company Inmarsat has launched the second of its I5 series of spacecraft.
Services have resumed on the north Wales coast main line and Blaenau Ffestiniog branch line after earlier disruption on Monday when engineering work overran.
Ross County survived a late onslaught from Motherwell for their first league win of 2016, moving them up to fourth in the Premiership.
Republican politicians are returning to their home districts to a barrage of criticism, as many constituents demand to know how they'll hold President Trump to account.
The National Theatre has decided to axe Sunday performances due to its "tight financial situation".
A highly decorated soldier has accused the government of abandoning Northern Ireland military veterans who need help for serious physical and mental injuries.
Cyndi Lauper, Linda Perry and the Grateful Dead's Jerry Garcia are to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Alastair Cook has vowed to remain England one-day captain despite losing a fourth successive one-day series.
The Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, says he hopes for a new Chinese approach to Tibet with the expected change in its leadership next month.
The mother of a baby girl allegedly murdered by her own grandfather has admitted she "exaggerates", a court has heard.
The Bank of Scotland has announced it is to close 23 branches in Scotland.
The UK government has announced plans to ban microbeads used in cosmetics and cleaning products by 2017.
Bafta show host Stephen Fry has confirmed he has left Twitter declaring "the fun is over".
England are benefiting from the decision to exclude former batsman Kevin Pietersen from selection, says English cricket chief Andrew Strauss.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced the Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr Baqir al-Nimr to death, his family says.
The 'King of the Blues' guitarist and singer, BB King, has died aged 89, his lawyer says.
When California houseboat residents heard their low, submarine hum in the 1980s, they thought it might be coming from noisy sewage pumps, military experiments or even extraterrestrials.
A sharp plunge in sales has pushed the Taiwanese phonemaker HTC into a loss for the three months to March.
What links William Shakespeare, the fall of the Berlin Wall, coups in Soviet Russia and eight schools in west Wales?
The adult-themed crime game, Grand Theft Auto 5, has won the top prize at the Golden Joystick awards.
Unseen pictures from World War One have been released showing what was then the world's largest explosion.
Although the share price of Europe's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi is little changed this morning, that may not last if the consortium of investors planning a â‚¬5bn cash injection abandon their rescue attempt amid the political vacuum opened up by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's departure.
Greece's Ekaterini Stefanidi won women's pole vault gold, narrowly beating USA's Sandi Morris into silver as Britain's Holly Bradshaw was fifth.
Japan has lodged a protest with the Chinese ambassador in Tokyo, after a Chinese ship sailed close to contested islands in the East China Sea.
The Labour leader of Stirling Council, Johanna Boyd, has announced that she will not be standing in next year's local government elections.
An Aberdeen firm which supplies specialist services to the oil and gas industry has warned that it is running out of cash.
Ollie Norburn marked his Macclesfield debut with a stunning volley as Torquay were beaten 2-0 at Moss Lane.
Norwich City have signed former Liverpool youngster Adam Phillips on an initial two-year contract.
Manager Karl Robinson says MK Dons may have to "cheat more" to win matches.
Rhys Webb says he knew his World Cup was over the moment he was injured in Wales' final warm-up match.
Sigma, Fuse ODG, Tinashe and now Mary J Blige.
A Pembrokeshire couple who built a 'hobbit-style' eco home without planning consent have lost a demolition appeal.
Police have released CCTV images as part of investigations into an assault outside an Arbroath bar last year.
Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he will not return to football - even if his six-year ban is overturned.
Pope Benedict has said an open-air Mass for tens of thousands of people as he wrapped up his three-day African tour.
Mo Farah's coach Alberto Salazar says he will show his accusers are "knowingly making false statements" as he continues to deny doping claims.
England captain Eoin Morgan says "runs are just round the corner" for opener Jason Roy in the Champions Trophy.
Arsenal failed to reclaim top spot in the Premier League as they played out a dreadful stalemate with Chelsea at Emirates Stadium.
If left untreated, young children's mental health problems could spiral in adulthood, warns a report.
Swansea City have completed the deal to sign Michu as the Spanish midfielder has agreed a three-year contract.
Shrewsbury Town manager Micky Mellon is doing a "super job" with striker Sullay Kaikai and he is better off there than at a Championship club, says Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew.
Hull City should give Mike Phelan the manager's job on a full-time basis, former England defender Phil Neville told BBC's Match of the Day.
A foundry which opened in Queen Elizabeth I's era and made Big Ben is up for sale.
London Stadium has come alive as the World Para-athletics Championships takes place at the home of the 2012 Paralympic Games.
A primary school head teacher has spoken of her shock after a teacher at her school was found stabbed to death.
Alistair Carmichael has appeared to have ruled out a future bid for leadership of the Liberal Democrats.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won a record seventh Masters title by coming from behind to beat Joe Perry 10-7 in the final at London's Alexandra Palace.
The London market edged lower, with the FTSE 100 index down 28.64 points to 7,449.98 at the close.
Scientists at a Welsh university hope to help turn frankincense into the next new "super-ingredient".
If you're reading this page for the first time then we have something in common - this is a first for me too.
The Royal Victoria Hospital (RVH) in Belfast has called in extra staff to deal with an unusually high volume of patients.
Kosovo police have used tear gas to disperse protesters objecting to arrest warrants issued for opposition MPs.
One thousand and nine Micro Bit mini-computers have been linked together to create a large screen that can display messages and graphics.
At least 45 whales have died in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu after more than 80 of the animals were stranded on the shore at Tuticorin.
The neighbour of an 82-year-old woman allegedly beaten to death with a rolling pin has told how she heard "loud bangs" coming from the flat.
Paralympic cycling champion Dame Sarah Storey wants more women's races in the UK to take place on closed roads and is "not prepared to risk my life" racing alongside traffic on open roads.
Preston North End have Daniel Johnson and Simon Makienok back after missing Saturday's draw with Nottingham Forest.
Colchester United assistant manager David Wright says the club must be realistic about their chances of overcoming Tottenham or Leicester City in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Four people have been injured in a suspected gas explosion onboard a boat in Worcestershire.
Oldham have re-signed Bolton winger Chris Taylor on loan until the end of the season and brought in Tope Obedayi after his release by Dundee United.
Newport Gwent Dragons captain Lewis Evans says their players are uncertain about the future of the region.
Gordon Strachan is doing as best as he can with the talent at his disposal, according to former Scotland captain Graeme Souness.
A 20-year-old Romanian man had a lucky escape after stowing away on a plane flying from Vienna to London.
When a poor Indian girl took her life because her mother did not have a rupee (15 cents) to buy her food, Jitish Kallat, one of India's most important contemporary artists, could not but be stirred to produce art to reflect the tragedy of human life.
Former Cameroon captain, Rigobert Song, who suffered a brain aneurysm ten months ago, is preparing for his first coaching mission with the home-based national Cameroon side.
A shipwreck uncovered beneath the icy wastes of northern Canada has been identified as long-lost HMS Erebus.
Scottish players have seen a fall in the number of minutes on the pitch in the Scottish Premiership this season, according to a BBC Sport study.
Work is to begin on a temporary housing scheme for homeless families in Reading.
A proposal by Sinn Féin to change the official name of Londonderry to Derry has been described as "sectarian" by unionists.
A £10,000 reward has been offered after three rare birds of prey disappeared in Lancashire.
Knowsley is planning to offer its young people A-levels again, with government and local representatives holding meetings over a new A-level centre.
Second-half goals from Jason Kennedy and Jabo Ibehre helped Carlisle beat Colchester 2-0 and extend their unbeaten start to the season.
A blind schoolgirl has been asked to stop using her white cane in school due to health and safety concerns.
A musician accused of murdering his wife has told a court "I perfectly understand that I must be behind it" but recalls "virtually nothing" after taking diazepam and alcohol.
Police investigating the shooting of a city trader at a station in Essex have arrested a 51-year-old man.
This was a Budget with a message about the next generation, and a massage of difficult underlying figures.
Ukraine's Oleg Verniaiev won Olympic gold on the parallel bars in Rio after narrowly missing out on the all-around title.
The Football Association has apologised for its own-goal in omitting one of England's most prolific scorers from a roll of honour at Wembley Stadium.
Thousands of people have gathered in London to join a celebration of science amid fears research is under threat from a "post-truth" age and Brexit.
Ryan Fulton is hoping his switch from Liverpool to Hamilton Academical will eventually pay dividends with a full international call-up for Scotland.
A suspect accused of fatally stabbing two people on a train in Oregon, after they intervened in his alleged anti-Muslim rant, has appeared in court.
BP has lost a second attempt to suspend compensation payments over the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil rig disaster.
A 91-year-old woman from Hull is still dancing - 79 years after she began ballet classes.
Privacy, bugs and naked selfies - just part of a day's work for the BBC technology team in 2014.
The Vatican Science Academy has challenged politicians to end their "infatuation" with a form of economic growth that is ruining the Earth.
Hooker Rob Buchanan has extended his contract with Harlequins, although terms are undisclosed.
Instead of standing on the shore with binoculars, scientists are turning to drones to monitor wild populations of whales off the US coast.
Re-laying a pavement in Dunster, Somerset, where cobble stones were removed, could cost £60,000.
One of the stars of reality TV series Storage Hunters stalked a market trader for three years and bombarded him with explicit messages, a court heard.
It takes a certain something to steal the limelight when standing next to the world's most powerful man.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed defender Dan Scarr from non-league neighbours Stourbridge.
There's no disguising the frustration in UK government circles over the reaction from Cardiff to its "great repeal Bill" - formally known as the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill.
Surrey have signed fast bowler David Balcombe from Division Two champions Hampshire on a two-year contract.
Swansea City chairman Huw Jenkins has agreed with the club's American owners that money will be available for transfers as they fight relegation.
Nigeria's interior minister has said the army is making progress in the war against Boko Haram militants, despite the killing of 44 people in a mosque.
An Ebola outbreak which is so far suspected of killing at least 83 people in Guinea has spread to Liberia, sparking concerns it could spread further afield in West Africa.
Kent openers Daniel Bell-Drummond and Joe Denly both hit half-centuries to lead their side to a five-wicket win over Hampshire in the One-Day Cup.
Scotland's busiest airports have returned to normal after a day of disruption caused by an air traffic control failure.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) says it has lost thousands of documents relating to a probe into BAE Systems.
Tapwrit won the Belmont Stakes ahead of 3-1 favourite Irish War Cry in the final leg of the US Triple Crown.
Community intelligence is needed to tackle the migrant boat threat along the south coast, a National Crime Agency (NCA) chief has said.
A woman has been injured by an intruder during a break-in at her Edinburgh home.
Borussia Dortmund beat Legia Warsaw 8-4 in the highest-scoring Champions League game in history.
The last Land Rover Defender has rolled off the production line amid cheers, ending 67 years of the 4x4 being made.
The County Antrim Shield final is to be held at a neutral venue after Linfield challenged a decision to stage it at the ground of opponents Crusaders.
A late goal by Shane O'Donoghue sealed a 3-2 win for Ireland men's hockey team over Pakistan in the second game of the three-match series at Lisnagarvey.
Ikea is urging teenagers to stop creeping into its stores and having illegal sleepovers.
The new commanding officer of HMS Queen Elizabeth has taken control of what he expects to be one of the last major aircraft carriers built in the UK.
A Royal Marine with links to dissident republicanism made 14 pipe bombs - four of which were used in Northern Ireland, a court has heard.
A pregnant Sudanese woman and her two young children, aged seven and one, have had to leave their home in east Belfast following a racially-motivated hate crime.
It has hosted rugby and cricket internationals and witnessed one of sport's most incredible feats.
Met Police have been asked "not to wear a Union badge" in tribute to fallen colleagues because it breaches uniform policy, the police federation said.
Bushmills whiskey has been acquired by the world's biggest tequila producer.
An orchestra that has tripled its audience by playing less Beethoven and Mozart and more New Order and 808 State has won a major classical music award.
Germany were crowned world champions for the fourth time as Mario Gotze's extra-time winner beat Argentina in the 2014 World Cup final.
Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has inaugurated one of the alliance's new command units opening in Eastern Europe amid tensions with Russia.
A jury has failed to reach verdicts on two outstanding charges against former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and journalist Clive Goodman.
Dundee striker Craig Wighton has signed a new three-year contract, keeping him at Dens Park until the summer of 2019.
Tim Sherwood's reign as Swindon Town's director of football began with an impressive victory over mid-table Charlton Athletic.
They were a team of cast-offs and bargain buys written off before the season had started, led by a manager who had been sacked in five of his previous jobs.
American Mikaela Shiffrin won a record-equalling third consecutive world slalom gold with a dominant victory at the Alpine World Ski Championships.
A memorial dedicated to British tourists killed in two terrorist attacks in Tunisia in 2015 will be erected in a Birmingham park.
A centuries-old series of plays performed by amateur actors is set to return to York Minster for the first time in 16 years.
A national campaign, led by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry, has released a film featuring celebrities talking about how they faced their own mental health problems.
A doomed Japanese satellite managed to capture a view of a galaxy cluster 250 million light years away just before it died, scientists have revealed.
A suicide bomber has struck in the western Turkish city of Bursa, injuring 13 people, officials say.
A former tank factory in Newcastle, which closed last year with the loss of 300 jobs, has been bought by a rival engineering firm.
Facebook has completed a second test of a solar-powered drone designed to bring internet access to remote parts of the world.
The Scottish government has been urged to undertake a "fundamental review" of the business rates system.
NHS England has reiterated it will not fund a "game-changer" drug treatment that can prevent HIV, angering HIV charities which had been campaigning to reverse the decision.
Warfare and conflict are preventing 25 million young people from getting any access to school, says Unicef.
A major refurbishment of Londonderry's Guildhall has been completed and the building is due to be officially handed over to the council on Thursday.
Cruise company All Leisure Holidays has stopped trading with immediate effect and called in administrators, leaving hundreds of holidaymakers stranded.
If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.
Scotland were comfortably beaten by Italy, with the only saving grace that the margin of defeat could have been greater.
A young mother says she has nightmares about "burning to death" with her baby after work on three tower blocks was delayed.
An online fundraising campaign to help a World War Two veteran, who was defrauded out of his life savings, has raised £12,000 in less than 24 hours.
Workers from at least five PepsiCo bottling factories in China are taking part in protests against a takeover deal.
The United States has imposed sanctions on 14 Ukrainian separatists and Russians, including an idealogue who has heavily influenced the Kremlin.
More than 100 fighters loyal to South Sudan's sacked vice-president have been found "in extremely bad shape" by the UN in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A cleaner who denies murdering his ex-girlfriend said he was not jealous when she left him for another man.
Mae'r prif gyfranddaliwr y tu ôl i gynllun Cylchffordd Cymru wedi dweud wrth BBC Cymru y byddai wedi derbyn £1.7m pe byddai'r prosiect wedi'i gwblhau.
The Green Party's candidate for May's mayoral elections for Greater Manchester has died of a heart attack.
Olympic silver medallist Samantha Murray has been selected in Great Britain's four-person modern pentathlon squad for this summer's Rio Olympics.
Second-bottom North Ferriby crushed Southport at the Merseyrail Community Stadium.
During the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, Muslims reflect on their faith as they conduct their daily fast from dawn until dusk in the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, which marks the anniversary of the revelation of the Islamic holy book, the Koran.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said India is "well prepared" to deal with any volatility arising from the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A court in India has ruled that Mumbai's famous horse-drawn carriages, popularly known as "Victorias", are "illegal" and must go off the city streets in a year.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said it will not prosecute five police officers over the death in custody of Sean Rigg in 2008.
John Demjanjuk, an elderly former Ohio car worker who was born in Ukraine, was finally convicted of Nazi war crimes after decades of fighting attempts to bring him to justice.
Shares in some of the world's biggest mining companies have been hit by a slump in the price of iron ore, amid fears of a slowdown in China's economy.
England, Australia and India will be given more control of cricket after a vote by the sport's governing body.
Northampton's South African utility back Pat Howard will join Newport Gwent Dragons for the 2016-17 season.
Thousands of people have demonstrated in the northern Moroccan city of Al-Hoceima, demanding the release of a well-known activist.
Employment levels, wages and benefits vary widely between different groups of migrants in the UK, analysis suggests.
Leaving the European Union would probably lead to higher prices in UK shops, the John Lewis chairman has said.
The Treasury jealously guards its role as keeper of the public purse.
Match reports from Saturday's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Turkish newspapers are fuming at a diplomatic snub after the Netherlands, Germany, and Austria blocked the Turkish government's attempts to hold rallies in those countries.
A criminal gang in Mexico has dropped three iceboxes with a severed head in each one near a government building in Chilpancingo, the capital of the western state of Guerrero.
Scotland's First Minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says Theresa May could re-think her approach to the timing of a second Scottish independence referendum.
Glyndwr University has appointed an interim vice-chancellor three weeks after his predecessor left the role.
A Scottish charity has replaced its entire board of trustees following concerns over the amount of money it was giving to charitable causes.
The Ulster Orchestra has told Stormont's culture committee it cannot cut more staff to save money, while it tackles a £500,000 gap in funding.
Wales forward Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid opened their La Liga season with a win at Real Sociedad.
A Scottish government spokesman has confirmed that sixth form pupils in the UK who hold Irish passports qualify for free university tuition in Scotland.
John Foster, an archaeologist, talks about boats in that charming way all nautical lovers do - as if the vessels were supermodels.
Bristol Old Vic theatre is marking its 250th anniversary.
A road has been closed after a lorry carrying glue jack-knifed, spilling its load over the carriageway.
Small UK firms are split over whether to stay in the European Union or not, according to a survey of thousands of businesses.
US technology firm Apple has offered to refund Australian customers who felt misled about the 4G capabilities of the new iPad.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's opposition leader, will visit China for the first time next week at a time of tension between the two countries.
Leyton Orient manager Danny Webb says the club's off-field problems are weighing on him heavily after they slipped to the bottom of League Two.
Back in the mid-1990s, an economist called William Nordhaus conducted a series of simple experiments with light.
Martin Gould said he felt the pressure in the early stages of his 6-3 last-16 UK Championship win over Joe Swail.
A top White House official declined in several interviews over the weekend to defend national security adviser Michael Flynn, amid controversy over his alleged contacts with Russia.
Press freedom is "generally respected", according to US-based Freedom House.
England reached the Women's Rugby World Cup final for the fourth time in a row as they outclassed Ireland in Paris.
A care home has been fined £100,000 after an 85-year-old resident died after becoming trapped between a wardrobe and a radiator.
An expert witness has told the inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash, which killed six people, that he could reach the handbrake from the rear crew seats.
Two men have appeared in court charged with offences under the Gambling Act in what is believed to be the first prosecution involving betting on video games.
All the UK Parliament's online Welsh-language services have been brought together in one place on its website.
A murder trial in Dublin has heard that a homeless man who was allegedly beaten to death with a hammer had a building society account with £103,000 pounds (€140,000).
Nice can "make dreams come true" by winning Ligue 1 for the first time since 1959, defender Dante says.
We're less than a fortnight into the summer transfer window, but Europe's top clubs are already flexing their financial muscle.
We've all been there.
Scotland's largest health board has been heavily criticised by an inquiry into the country's worst Clostridium difficile (C. diff) outbreak.
Police investigating the murder of a 27-year-old man shot dead by soldiers more than 40 years ago have arrested a 73-year-old man in England.
The government has survived a challenge in the House of Lords to its plan to fast-track more local authority schools in England to become academies.
The UK's biggest tour operator has been repeatedly fined for failing to stick to the travel industry's own code of conduct.
Plans to cut children's hospital services in Dorchester and create a premature baby unit in east Dorset have been met with strong opposition.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street rose to their highest levels since early January on Friday, following better than expected US  jobs figures.
US stocks remained unmoved in early trade, despite an upward revision to the growth rate at the end of 2016.
A man has been jailed for running on to the pitch and attacking a goalkeeper during a Championship football match.
By 2050 some experts believe that machines will have reached human level intelligence.
The US has resumed its drones programme in Pakistan, with two strikes on militant strongholds in the North Waziristan tribal region overnight.
Wall Street shares closed lower on Wednesday amid continuing concern at geopolitical tensions over Syria and North Korea.
Accident and Emergency waiting times at Scotland's newest hospital improved last week but were still below all other casualty units, new figures show.
Plans to cut down on the "annoying" cookie banners that web users face have been released by the European Union.
It is 50 years since the biggest shake-up of the rail network ever announced in Britain was published.
The disappearance of teenager Alice Gross is now being treated by police as a murder inquiry after a body was found in a west London river.
The so-called Doomsday Clock will remain set at three-minutes-to-midnight amid global perils such as climate change and nuclear proliferation.
Images of Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika have been shown for the first time since he went to Paris to be treated for a mini-stroke in April.
Mortgages are now more affordable than they have ever been, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
The BBC's coverage of Welsh devolution has significantly improved on UK-wide programmes, says a leading academic.
England captain Alastair Cook says he thinks the first series win in India in 27 years is "on a par with the Ashes".
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro admits Sam Nicholson was "foolish" to spit in the direction of an assistant referee in the defeat at St Johnstone.
Rhys Williams successfully defended his 400m hurdles title at the Welsh Championships in Cardiff on Saturday.
Substitute James Henry's injury time winner earned Bolton a dramatic victory over former leaders Scunthorpe.
A former Royal Marine who's recovering from post-traumatic stress disorder has completed the first stage of a challenge to cross the world's five largest islands unaided.
A criminal investigation into a father found to have sexually assaulted his 13-month-old daughter shortly before her sudden death must be reopened, ex-justice minister Sir Simon Hughes says.
A man arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two six-year-olds at the Legoland theme park, has been released without charge.
The British Lionhearts won a dramatic tie-breaker to defeat France Fighting Roosters and reach the World Series Boxing semi-finals.
The insurance group Aviva is to axe around 30 jobs at its office in Belfast, a company spokesman has told the BBC.
Former British Formula 1 driver Max Chilton will join Chip Ganassi Racing for the 2016 IndyCar season.
A reward of up to £5,000 is being offered for information following an arson attack on a Torfaen school.
Can you stop a paedophile before they've abused a child?
US wholesaler Costco is facing a $19.4m (Â£15m) bill for damages after jewellery chain Tiffany sued it for infringing its trademark by selling "Tiffany" engagement rings.
US President Donald Trump's ex-campaign chief has agreed to be interviewed by a panel investigating alleged links between the Trump team and Russia.
The brother of the alleged captor of British model Chloe Ayling is to fight extradition to Italy, Westminster Magistrates' Court has heard.
Portsmouth have signed Chesterfield midfielder Dion Donohue for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A total of £1.7bn in benefits was not paid to those entitled to the money in 2015-16 owing to fraud and error, a new record rate of underpayment.
A campaign to tackle the use of so-called legal highs is beginning following concerns about increased use.
Gallipoli centenary ceremonies are being held in the UK, Australia, Turkey and New Zealand to mark the beginning of the eight-month campaign on the Gallipoli peninsula, 100 years ago.
Torquay United midfielder Danny Racchi is "playing to save his career", says Gulls manager Kevin Nicholson.
Carwyn Jones met Leanne Wood to discuss Brexit on Thursday, after their parties clashed over the Welsh Government's response to the EU referendum.
Adam Voges and Sam Robson have both been declared fit for Middlesex's County Championship match with Surrey, which starts on 28 August.
Nigeria's security agency says it has seized $800,000 (Â£645,200) in cash in raids targeting senior judges suspected of corruption.
Worcester Warriors defeated Bath at Sixways to almost guarantee their Premiership survival and dent the visitors' hopes of a top-four finish.
Crisis club Portadown are looking for a new manager after Pat McGibbon resigned on Friday evening.
Wigan Athletic have signed Stoke City goalkeeper Jakob Haugaard on loan for the rest of the season.
The return of Britain's Got Talent was a ratings winner for ITV, scoring almost double the viewers as the final of The Voice on BBC One.
Upmarket supermarket chain Waitrose and department store chain House of Fraser have both reported strong sales over the key Christmas trading period.
Canadian Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland was choking back tears as reporters cornered her in Brussels.
Four "violent videos" posted on YouTube have not been removed despite requests from police, the Mayor of London says.
Could the smoke stack of a power station soon be a thing of the past?
Former Watford and Coventry manager Aidy Boothroyd will take charge of the England Under-21 team for their final two Euro 2017 qualifiers.
The University of Buckingham breached its own regulations in an investigation into possible plagiarism, an independent inquiry has found.
People who have been prescribed powerful anxiety or pain relief drugs are being warned about a new drug-driving law.
A 27-year-old man who invaded the Formula 1 track during the Singapore Grand Prix has been arrested.
Ross Lafayette scored a second-half penalty to seal all three points for Aldershot Town as they beat Welling.
A play performed in complete darkness is among this year's line up for a summer festival celebrating writer Samuel Beckett.
Leicester Tigers boss Richard Cockerill says that England centre Manu Tuilagi's latest injury is "nothing serious" - and that he could still figure in this year's Six Nations.
Security has been stepped up in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, on the fifth anniversary of the start of the uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak.
Mexican police have rescued more than 450 children they believe were abused at a children's home in Zamora in the western state of Michoacan.
Arsenal forward Alex Iwobi wants Arsene Wenger to remain as manager and says criticism of the Frenchman is "unfair".
A British sailor has gone missing in Dubai while his ship, HMS Westminster, was docked, the Royal Navy has said.
Councillors in Blackpool are to be asked to approve borrowing of £1.8m to repair the resort's tower.
Millwall slipped to a disappointing defeat at home to Oxford but remain in the League One play-off places.
It is almost a year since Jonathan Trott left England's tour of Australia, 12 months that have been incredibly turbulent on and off the pitch for the national side.
Jack Laugher has become only the second British diver to ever win an individual World Championships medal.
Manchester United "are not ready to be a dominant force" and fans should forget about a return to the days of Sir Alex Ferguson, manager Jose Mourinho has told BBC Sport.
Football's world governing body, Fifa, has announced that there will be no speeches at the opening ceremony of the World Cup in June.
A large part of the vitally important debate about Britain's future in or out of the European Union will be based around a simple question which raises a whole host of complicated answers.
Country star Shania Twain will play live in the UK for the first time in 13 years at BBC Radio 2's "festival in a day" in Hyde Park.
A man has been jailed for four and a half years for killing a pensioner during a botched burglary at an elderly couple's home in County Londonderry.
Parisians have laid flowers and lit candles at the former office of Charlie Hebdo ahead of the anniversary on Thursday of the attack on the magazine.
Once again rhetoric and reality in the Trump administration appear to be at odds with each other.
Three men appeared in court jointly charged with producing 692 cannabis plants - yards from South Wales Police's headquarters.
Nearly 4,500 patients will lose their only NHS dentist in a Gwynedd town from the end of the month.
An academic at Newcastle University has been taking a closer look at a question we posed a short while ago - where exactly is the centre point of Newcastle?
A fully outdoor nursery, believed to be the first in Aberdeenshire, is due to open in April after a successful two-year pilot.
The team behind the £357m Circuit of Wales has said it hopes to have a new deal agreed to allow the project to go ahead within six to eight weeks.
Halfords is hoping for an Olympics bounce to stem a slide in bike sales, which have continued to fall.
A group of pupils have been treated at a Pembrokeshire school after experimenting with a 'legal high'.
Worries that taking extra folic acid might increase the risk of cancer have been played down by a major study.
Nearly a million children in Nepal will not be able to return to school in the wake of last month's earthquake unless urgent action is taken, says Unicef.
Dozens of couples have had their weddings at a luxury Hampshire venue cancelled with the owner admitting the company is "in trouble".
Three-time major champion Padraig Harrington will be relishing the prospect of this phase of the golf season probably more than any of the other top stars in the game.
Lance Armstrong's deadline to appeal against charges from the United States Anti-Doping Agency has been extended.
Snowdonia's pathways need to be preserved or plants and wildlife will be lost, National Trust Wales has said.
Oregon has become the first US state to include a third gender option on state-issued identification cards.
At least 15 people have been killed in a crash between a cargo vessel and a passenger boat on Egypt's River Nile.
A key member of a breeding programme, designed to reintroduce an impressive bird of prey in Northern Ireland, has been returned to the wild after being found injured in a field.
A sniper in the Canadian special forces shot and killed an Islamic State (IS) fighter from a distance of 2.1 miles (3,540m) in Iraq last month.
Altrincham moved out of the National League relegation zone with an impressive victory over Aldershot.
Four years of roadworks are to begin on the main road between Belfast and Londonderry road this autumn.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood faces questions from an audience in Aberystwyth in the fourth of a daily series of live TV election specials.
Italian police in the northern city of Trieste have seized nearly 800 shotguns en route from Turkey to Belgium.
The Scottish Police Federation (SPF) has said a violent incident in Glasgow raised questions about whether officers can protect the public.
Edinburgh Woollen Mill has denied a charge of mislabelling scarves as 100% cashmere in a store in Dumfries.
A Blairgowrie music teacher who groomed a 13-year-old girl and met her after promising to give her a guitar has been jailed.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has questioned whether rival candidate Ted Cruz is eligible to become his party's nominee because he was born in Canada.
At half a mile long, it's Britain's longest ever train - and can be found travelling through the night with a small army of workers onboard.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says he has gone with "form and balance" in picking debutants Stuart McCloskey and Josh van der Flier to play against England.
Twenty years after Hurricane Andrew, residents of Homestead, Florida, recall the storm that changed their life.
Crossrail has completed its first train tunnel 18 months after work began.
Legislation to ban new psychoactive substances in the UK is being rushed, MPs have warned.
The family of a man who took his own life have called for the establishment of a single mental health trust in Northern Ireland.
The most affordable way of holding a bank current account, an academic has concluded, is to keep small sums in it but to never go overdrawn.
David Cameron's response to the refugee crisis is "clearly inadequate", leading aid and refugee agencies claim.
The International Monetary Fund chief has said a vote by the UK to leave the European Union would have "pretty bad, to very, very bad" consequences.
Survivors have returned to the Buchenwald concentration camp 70 years after it was liberated by US soldiers.
A trade union proposal aimed at saving jobs at a tobacco factory in Ballymena, County Antrim, has been rejected.
Public toilets on Anglesey are being offered to town and community councils in a bid to stop them being closed.
A number of people have been threatened by a gang during an aggravated burglary in Newtownabbey, County Antrim.
Most of us work to make money - and if it happens to be by doing something we love, we're considered lucky.
Solihull Moors manager Marcus Bignot is old school.
It is one of the clearest views we have yet had of the recent changes occurring across Greenland's ice sheet.
The National Assembly for Wales is set to be renamed the Welsh Parliament after it was backed in a consultation.
Hampshire captain George Bailey is unsure if his side deserve to qualify for the knockout stages of the One-Day Cup after inconsistent results.
Killings of environmental activists have risen by 20% in the last year, according to campaign group Global Witness.
Police in Germany say a school sports hall intended as a temporary shelter for asylum seekers has burned down in a suspected arson attack.
US police have arrested a man who allegedly plotted to kidnap one of President Obama's two pet dogs.
A report into the safety and suitability of the Condor Liberation ferry has ruled there are "no concerns" about its stability.
Not too long ago, playboy Saif al-Islam Gaddafi was heir-apparent to an oil-rich dictatorship.
The alacrity with which India and China have reacted to the massive earthquake in Nepal again demonstrates how the two Asian giants continue to vie for influence in the tiny, landlocked Himalayan country.
Casino operator Crown Resorts says its employees who were detained in China last year have been formally charged with illegally promoting gambling.
The Supreme Court is to rule on whether an income barrier stopping thousands of British citizens from bringing a foreign spouse to the UK is lawful.
A Mexico City judge has sentenced three men to 520 years in jail each for their roles in the kidnapping and murder of 13 young people two years ago.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a gun was fired through the window of a house in Huddersfield.
Kenny McLean insists Aberdeen can end Celtic's unbeaten domestic run - and derail their bid for a treble.
The Archbishops of Canterbury and York have called for an independent inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the failed appointment of a new Bishop of Sheffield.
Ireland's men guaranteed themselves a spot at the final World Cup qualifying tournament in the summer by beating Wales 3-1 at Stormont on Saturday.
It's safe to say 2016 been a truly memorable year for a whole host of reasons - some very good, some utterly awful.
Japan's stocks led falls across Asia on Tuesday, posting their biggest drop in nearly 10 months, as investors worried about falling oil prices and political turmoil in Greece.
(Close): US markets closed higher as the Federal Reserve begins its two-day meeting which will discuss whether to raise interest rates.
"The good of football, the bad of football, I've seen all of it."
Two new Ebola cases have been confirmed in Guinea, almost three months after it celebrated the end of the outbreak.
Parents have raised a stink over "ridiculous" plans by some councils in England and Wales to charge them to take away nappies on top of their household waste.
Ivan Lendl returned to coaching duties with Andy Murray for the first time in over two years on Tuesday.
Midfielder John McGinn hopes the prospect of securing promotion will ensure Hibernian suffer no slip-ups as they chase the Championship title.
Portraits courtesy Museum of the Legion of Honour
It was easy to spot a so-called "three-day millionaire" in Grimsby in the 1950s.
London boroughs are failing to ensure developers provide affordable housing, figures obtained by the BBC show.
More than 50 people are reported to have been killed in heavy fighting in Syria after so-called Islamic State launched an attack in Hama province.
New proposals for the redevelopment of the Headingley Stadium have been revealed.
Two women who claim they were sexually abused by an alleged IRA man have said they withdrew their statements because of how prosecutors dealt with the case.
Police are investigating after about 2,000 people turned up for a three-day illegal rave in Ceredigion.
Spinner Liam Dawson is set to make his Test debut for England in Friday's dead rubber against India in Chennai.
Meet Alice and her guide dog, Billy.
Five people have appeared in court in Trim on charges of theft.
A steam train driver and their employer have been charged over a near miss in which a locomotive stopped across a busy main line railway junction.
Private schools will offer to provide up to 10,000 free places a year to low-income families in England.
Exeter City fought back from two goals down to salvage a point in a draw at home to Blackpool.
Piaras Millar sits before me, bloodied and bruised, in the green uniform of a soldier.
Chancellor Philip Hammond's spending plans "offer no hope for the future" after six "wasted" years, his Labour counterpart John McDonnell has claimed.
The number of people killed and wounded in conflict in Afghanistan rose in 2015 to the highest level yet recorded, the UN mission in the country says.
Jamie Porter's career-best first-class match figures of 8-91 helped Essex ease to an innings and 92-run victory over Northamptonshire at Chelmsford.
Defending champions Hull FC defeated Super League leaders Castleford Tigers to reach the Challenge Cup semi-finals.
Birmingham City remain without Clayton Donaldson and Michael Morrison for the visit of Wigan Athletic to St Andrew's.
Chapecoense have won their first title since most of their team were killed in a plane crash.
A killer who spent a decade protesting his innocence before confessing his guilt, was a "highly disturbed individual", his widow told an inquest.
Aberdeen City Council has said it did not plan to reprint thousands of polling cards which contain a prominent spelling error.
A horse's jaw bone, which features what is believed to be the oldest work of art in Wales, has returned to the town where it was found in a cave.
A man spotted his father performing cartwheels and tightrope walking on a Royal Navy destroyer in a World War Two archive film.
In the firmament of Welsh boxing legends, no star has burned so brightly, or for such a tragically short time, as the "Merthyr Matchstick", Johnny Owen.
An Anglican hospital chaplain has become what is believed to be the first member of the clergy in Britain to have a gay marriage.
Squatters who had taken over a disused power station owned by Oxford University have vacated the building.
Up to 40 firefighters have been tackling a large fire which destroyed a garage in Hampshire.
Open champion Henrik Stenson says he may need nine more majors before he can be compared to another Swedish sporting legend - footballer Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Firefighters have been tackling a car blaze in the centre of Skipton.
Isle of Man rider Billy Redmayne has suffered serious injuries in a crash at the Oliver's Mount Spring Cup meeting in England.
Work on a second major upgrade to the Londonderry-to-Coleraine railway line has been delayed by four months.
Lionel Messi's status as the planet's finest footballer was further cemented as he won Fifa's Ballon d'Or for an unprecedented fourth successive time.
A juror who researched a defendant's past on the internet and shared the information with fellow jury members has been jailed for contempt of court.
Goals from Sergi Canos and Lasse Vibe helped Brentford end Bristol City's four-game unbeaten streak.
The search and recovery mission to find three people still missing after an explosion at a Cheshire wood processing plant has entered a fifth day.
Munster continued their march towards the Pro12 play-offs as they earned a 50-14 bonus-point away win over Zebre.
Adam Barrett says helping Southend United win promotion via the League Two play-offs was the standout moment of his career, after retiring on Monday.
A court has heard traces of sulphuric acid were found at the scene of an alleged attack on a journalist.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Romanian capital Bucharest and other cities in protest at government plans to release around 3,000 prisoners.
A Colorado man who shot and killed 12 people in a cinema in 2012 was found sane by two experts immediately following the attack, prosecutors say.
A patients' commissioner should be created as part of a shake-up of health watchdogs, a report by health economists suggests.
Staff at Lidl supermarkets are being stopped from speaking any language other than English in their UK stores - including Welsh.
Former Barcelona president Sandro Rosell has been arrested as part of a money-laundering investigation.
The Brazilian justice minister has condemned the killing of an indigenous leader who was shot during a land protest in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul.
The Trump administration has fired the White House chief usher, who is responsible for the management of the building and its staff.
A boy from Wakefield has died after a suffering a head injury in an under-14s rugby league match.
Goalkeeper Neil Etheridge's heroics helped 10-man Walsall stun Bolton as they ended Wanderers' unbeaten start to the season with a gutsy victory.
What's it like to have your whole school in just one class?
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has urged Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump to apologise to a Muslim protester ejected from one of his rallies.
England's men caused an upset at the World Team Championships in Malaysia by beating second seeds Germany 3-1 in the Championship Division.
British snowboarder Katie Ormerod claimed a silver medal as women made their debut at the Air and Style big air competition in Austria.
Coach Robin McBryde expects his Wales side to come up against a wounded Samoa side in Apia on Friday, June 23.
It's Friday, 8 May, all the votes are counted and every constituency declared.
Farnborough: a small town in southern England; the birthplace of aviation in the UK and home for almost 70 years of arguably the world's most important air show.
Wigan extended their unbeaten run to 16 games as Haris Vuckic's goal gave them victory over Bradford City.
A rise in the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500 during the next Parliament is being proposed by the Liberal Democrats.
Former BHS owner Sir Philip Green is expected to be called to appear before MPs to face questions over the collapse of the retailer into administration.
The search for the skipper of a yacht found abandoned near Brighton Marina has been called off and a missing person inquiry is under way.
Britain's three-time Olympian Fran Halsall, who won more than 30 medals at world, European and Commonwealth level, has announced her retirement after a 10-year international career.
South Africa bowler Vernon Philander could miss the start of next month's Test series with England after injuring his ankle in a warm-up football game.
Proposals to change Tata's pension scheme would be unique to the company and would not be applied more broadly, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
An airport that was meant to open on a British overseas territory has been delayed because its too windy there.
Newcastle are "a mess from top to bottom", according to former captain Alan Shearer.
Three wild cranes - the first to be bred in the West Country for 400 years - have taken flight.
Fifa's corruption problems are a result of officials staying "too long" in key positions, according to the governing body's head of audit and compliance.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who died in a house fire has been arrested on suspicion of child neglect.
Mae cadeirydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol ym Môn wedi dweud ei fod yn gobeithio y bydd trigolion lleol yn codi mwy o arian na'u targed gwreiddiol ar gyfer y Brifwyl eleni.
The 2015-16 FA Cup proper is already under way, with more action to be broadcast across the BBC this weekend.
Tributes have been paid to a "promising young cyclist" who died in his sleep on Friday.
UK retail sales posted a 1.4% rise in February from the previous month, but there are signs that higher fuel prices have begun to hit shoppers' pockets.
Former BP chief executive Lord Browne has warned North Sea oil operators' costs must fall in order for them to compete globally.
You can follow Formula 1 testing on BBC Sport live, with track updates, expert analysis, social media reaction, debate, voting, the latest pictures and more from Barcelona.
Programme producers love a 'round-figure' anniversary.
Supporters of former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott have made calls for him to return to a senior government position.
A hornet which can kill up to 50 bees a day has been spotted in Jersey for the first time, a month after a nest was discovered on a neighbouring island.
People in remote rural Scotland need up to 30% more income than the rest of the UK to have "a socially acceptable standard of living," says a new report.
A Baltimore officer on trial over a death in custody has been accused of turning a police van into a coffin on wheels, prosecutors have argued.
A Wrexham company has been fined £180,000 after a man was crushed by heavy machinery at a Ruabon factory.
Aston Villa chief executive Tom Fox has stepped down with immediate effect.
Cancer charities have welcomed a decision to approve a new drug for treatment of a rare form of incurable ovarian cancer.
Homeowners have raised concerns a flood defence scheme for the River Thames could increase the risk to their properties in Sunbury.
Mae cwest i farwolaeth dynes o'r Coed Duon, gafodd ei lladd gan derfysgwr Islamaidd ar draeth yn Tunisia, wedi clywed iddi farw o ergyd gwn i'w gwddw a'i brest.
British fighters Galal Yafai, Joe Cordina and Lawrence Okolie progressed in the Olympic boxing competition on the first day of Rio 2016.
A new athletics team event, headlined by Usain Bolt, could "revolutionise" the sport, according to World Athletics chief Lord Sebastian Coe.
A gunman has killed three people in a shooting spree at the Palace of Justice in Milan in northern Italy.
Joni Mitchell has made "remarkable progress" since she suffering a stroke and brain aneurysm in March, according to court documents.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli escaped unhurt when a firework was launched inside his home.
A judge in the trial of an evangelical preacher accused of making "grossly offensive" remarks about Islam will deliver his verdict next month.
A £1bn plan to regenerate Birkenhead has been unveiled, five months after a previous £30m development plan was scrapped.
American Justin Thomas shot his third-straight 67 to take the lead on day three of the Tournament of Champions.
Chapecoense have won their first game since most of their team were killed in a plane crash on 29 November.
South Africa's Archbishop Desmond Tutu has revealed that he wants to have the option of an assisted death.
Seven homes have been evacuated after a large sinkhole opened up behind a row of houses in North Yorkshire.
Media giant Time Warner will produce shows for audiences on the social media platform Snapchat as part of a new partnership that the two companies announced on Monday.
The largest proportion of happy people in England are living in Mid Sussex, the smallest in Wolverhampton, according to official statistics.
As the start of the Six Nations nears, the respective coaches spent as much time talking about who wouldn't feature in the opening weekend as would.
An Italian-born burglar who has lived in the UK for 63 years cannot be deported despite his "reprehensible" record, a court has ruled.
Morrisons supermarket is liable for the actions of a staff member who physically attacked a customer, the Supreme Court has ruled.
Britpop was big, Spice Mania ruled Britannia and football came home.
England were denied the chance to press for a series whitewash over Sri Lanka as rain ruined the final day of the third Test at Lord's.
Northern Ireland's secretary of state has warned that dissident republicans and Islamist militants should not be shown how UK security services work.
Millions of low-income households could see power bills cut after a watchdog's report into the UK's energy sector.
Media and experts dismiss calls to legalise marijuana in China in the wake of the arrest of several celebrities on drugs-related charges.
A government booklet linking environmental activism and alternative music to violent extremism has been widely ridiculed by Australians.
Steven Finn took four wickets as Middlesex continued to dominate against Essex on day three at Lord's.
Three-time champion Martin Adams was whitewashed 3-0 by Canada's Jeff Smith in the first round of the BDO World Championships at Lakeside.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle has credited his club's "phenomenal" away support for their 2-1 win against Morecambe on Saturday.
A large batch of sea foam has washed up on the coastal town of Tramore as Storm Frank moved across the Republic of Ireland.
Marks and Spencer has turned out to be this year's surprise Christmas package.
Tom Naylor's late header secured Burton a first away point in the Championship to leave Owen Coyle still searching for a first league win as Blackburn boss.
President Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, discussed removing from the US a Muslim cleric wanted by Turkey, according to ex-CIA director James Woolsey.
The jury in the trial of an ex-police officer accused of raping a schoolgirl has retired to consider its verdict.
The more details that emerge about Fabrice Muamba, the more amazing his story becomes.
Which Premier League teams will be most affected by their players heading to the Africa Cup of Nations?
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan has defended his decision to block an exploratory borehole for shale gas.
An Indian woman who was arrested on Monday over a comment on Facebook has said she was "shocked" by the incident.
A top Egyptian court has upheld a ruling halting a plan to transfer two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
In a new advertisement, Tinder suggests that even Indian parents approve of the dating app - but social media users aren't convinced.
A motorcyclist killed in a crash in the Vale of Glamorgan on Saturday has been described as "the love of my life" by his wife.
Players have criticised the European Tour's decision to suspend round two of the Dubai Desert Classic in Abu Dhabi.
Former Wales striker Iwan Roberts says Friday's World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland in Dublin is a "must-win" game.
An Australian couple whose three children died when Flight MH17 was shot down have a new daughter.
On 3 August 1996, Nigeria made history as the first African nation to become Olympic football champions at the Atlanta Games.
Thailand's army says it has now released 124 people, including politicians and activists, who were taken into custody after the coup.
Firefighters have rescued a group of people trapped in a Wiltshire cave for the second time in a week.
Hull KR have rejected head of rugby Jamie Peacock's offer to resign following the club's defeat by Salford in the Million Pound Game.
On 17 July 2014, 60-year-old Inna Tipunova was with friends in her village, when they heard such a loud boom that they thought they "were being bombed".
Chart-topping singer Paolo Nutini has postponed a two more UK arena shows due to "severe tonsillitis".
Ryan Christie is confident his long-term future lies with Celtic, despite a second loan move to Aberdeen.
A jay-walking swan was taken into custody by four police officers after trying to use a busy motorway as a runway.
In 2012 it took an elite team of superheroes to save earth from an alien army planning to enslave humanity.
Free wi-fi is to be provided in all NHS buildings in a bid to improve services and reduce costs, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said.
Liam Pitchford and Paul Drinkhall have been selected to represent Great Britain at this summer's Rio Olympics.
A former provider of the Anglesey to Cardiff air route is set to go into liquidation, BBC Wales has learned.
Just 0.9% of Wales' firefighters are non-white, official figures have shown.
Former Doctor Who companion Karen Gillan has said an actress succeeding Peter Capaldi in the lead role of the long-running TV series "would be cool".
Bolton Wanderers vice-chairman Brett Warburton has resigned following the recent takeover of the club.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 13-week-old baby died.
Korean Air has said guidelines will be revised for crew to react "firmly and actively against in-flight violence", after facing criticism for its handling of an on-board incident.
England cricket legend Sir Ian Botham is looking forward to supporting his grandson James when he makes his rugby debut for Wales.
A 16-year-old died from chronic constipation because either she, or she and her parents, resisted the care she needed, a coroner has said.
This stripy little cutie is a baby tapir that was born on Thursday morning.
Rock legend David Bowie has been named best British male at the Brit Awards in London, although he was not there in person to collect his award.
Ban Ki-moon is the eighth secretary-general of the United Nations.
Police are hunting three men who broke into flats providing shelter for the homeless and carried out a series of assaults.
Satirist Ikenna Azuike from What's Up Africa is worrying about the tomato shortage in Nigeria, celebrating improved life expectancy and reflecting on presidential breakdowns.
British Cycling has started work on the development of a code of conduct as part of its response to an independent review into the culture of the organisation.
Girls in Cornwall who are not being vaccinated against cervical cancer are missing a "life-saving opportunity", a charity has said.
Madonna and ex-husband Guy Ritchie have settled a court dispute over the custody of their 16-year-old son Rocco.
Coventry City have signed centre-back Rod McDonald from Northampton for an undisclosed fee.
Roger Federer was beaten by French Open semi-finalist Dominic Thiem in the Mercedes Cup semi-finals at Stuttgart.
What price can a man end up paying up for the crime of overstaying in a foreign land for three days?
One of the Libyan rebels credited with capturing ex-leader Muammar Gaddafi last year has been buried in his hometown of Misrata.
Police are to search land in north Dublin as part of the investigation in to the disappearance of a man who has been missing for almost 12 years.
Retired judge Baroness Butler-Sloss has stepped down as head of a probe into child sex abuse saying she was "not the right person" for the job.
Former Brazilian Finance Minister Antonio Palocci has been arrested in connection with a long-running inquiry into corruption at oil giant Petrobras.
Five separate child sex abuse cases have been reopened by Leicestershire Police after a review of 20 years' worth of reports.
Further flooding in County Fermanagh is possible as heavy rain continues to raise water levels at Upper Lough Erne, the Rivers Agency has warned.
Concerns have been raised about the centralisation of funding for Scottish universities, BBC Scotland has learned.
The measles epidemic centred on the Swansea area has been declared over eight months after it began.
Labour says it will give a new regulator power to remove energy firms' licences, if it wins the next election.
Hundreds of police officers have begun an operation to arrest a trade union leader who has taken refuge in a Buddhist temple in Seoul.
Steve McClaren remains in charge of Newcastle United, with a board decision on his St James' Park future expected in the next 48 hours.
Torquay United have announced that midfielders Iffy Allen and Danny Racchi are to leave the National League club.
A 72-year-old man has been charged with a series of offences after a 40-hour stand-off with police in West Sussex.
Police are investigating after a French charity worker said he was attacked with a knife and an axe by a couple who shouted "Allahu Akbar".
Pakistan are set to host top-level cricket for the first time since the 2009 gun attack on the Sri Lanka team bus, with Zimbabwe lined up to tour.
A collection of letters described as being "historically important", which were written by one of the UK's most notorious gangsters, are to go under the hammer in Glasgow.
An army officer has been found guilty of negligently damaging service property after firing a flare at a social event, which set fire to a military barracks.
A BBC Spotlight programme has again exposed the underbelly of republicanism, and what Gerry Adams himself describes as the "inadequate and inappropriate" way the IRA dealt with allegations of sexual abuse in the past.
A council will not offer a used-nappy collection service for children over three, saying most should be potty trained by that age.
The FA could lose millions of pounds of funding if it does not reform, says Sports Minister Tracey Crouch.
Police investigations in Leicestershire are being carried out by a dedicated unit rather than beat officers, as part of changes to working practices.
Gunmen have stormed a hotel in the centre of the Somali capital Mogadishu, with reports of at least 10 dead and 50 wounded.
Ethiopian Olympian Feyisa Lilesa, who said he wanted to seek asylum after making an anti-government gesture in Rio, has arrived in the US.
Victims of press intrusion have accused the government of breaking its promise over regulation.
Social work managers ignored requests to visit a woman being abused by her partner days before he killed her in front of their toddler, according to leaked documents.
Searches are continuing for a kayaker missing in the Highlands for three days.
Hundreds of young British Muslims have attended a festival in London on how to divert people away from extremism.
The donors who have effectively been paying Seán Quinn's legal bills include business acquaintances and "close family connections", the High Court has been told.
Nigeria coach Gernot Rohr has admitted that a problem at rightback could derail the Super Eagles' quest for a place at the 2018 World Cup finals.
The amount of money lost in high value fraud cases in Scotland increased last year by more than a quarter, according to accountants KPMG.
The first early adopters will be able to get their hands on Windows 10 from Wednesday.
A deadline to clear a "disgusting" field of rubbish in Nottinghamshire is close to expiring.
A Japanese senior government official has come under criticism for hitching a ride on a colleague's back to cross a puddle.
Jimmy Adams and James Vince struck centuries to put Hampshire in control on day one against Surrey at the Oval.
England winger Jonny May scored a try on his return after 10 months out with a knee injury to help Gloucester beat Bayonne in their Challenge Cup opener.
Japanese shares rose for a third day in row, leading a positive trend across the Asia Pacific region.
(Close): London's leading shares dipped in Monday morning trading, indicating that an eight-day run of gains might be coming to an end.
A former BBC Persian journalist detained in Iran has been released from prison on bail, his friends say.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested over a suspected hit-and-run that left writer Julian Ruck seriously hurt.
Manager Tommy Wright says St Johnstone once again have ambitions of a top six spot but realises competition will be fierce this season.
What better way to celebrate the opening of a road than by racing cars on it?
A US-wide hunt has intensified for an American professor and an Oxford University employee suspected of stabbing a man to death in Chicago.
Ecuador has fined seven media companies for not publishing a story that it deemed of public interest.
A couple in their 70s and a woman have been detained for questioning by police, 32 years after a crime that horrified France.
One of the UK's leading scientists says Michael Gove's attack on experts during the EU referendum risked undermining science and scientific evidence.
A coroner is due to rule on whether the inquest into the deaths of 21 people in the Birmingham pub bombings will resume.
The Afghan girl featured on a controversial Time magazine cover in the US has been given a new prosthetic nose.
England pair Phil Taylor and Adrian Lewis retained the World Cup, beating the Netherlands' Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld in the final.
A major road in Shropshire was closed after a lorry shed its load of pre-made spaghetti bolognese.
Pope Francis has condemned the killing of 16 people, including four Catholic nuns, at an old people's home in Yemen.
Football fans travelling to France for Euro 2016 should be "vigilant at all times" in the face of terrorism threats, the Foreign Office has said.
Suspected Boko Haram militants have killed dozens of villagers in fresh attacks in Borno state in north-eastern Nigeria, the BBC has learnt.
A newly-discovered photo suggests legendary US pilot Amelia Earhart might have died in Japanese custody - and not in a plane crash in the Pacific.
A filly foal of racing legend Frankel has sold for an Irish record of 1.8 million euros (about £1.45m).
Scottish house prices are expected to continue rising over the next few months after climbing in April, according to surveyors.
EU leaders have agreed to extend economic sanctions against Russia for six more months.
One of the US's most senior public health officials has revealed the "strongest evidence to date" of the effect on babies of the Zika virus.
A veteran postman who was "too slow" to keep his village job has been saved after local outcry.
Iron Maiden frontman Bruce Dickinson has said he is healing well since being treated for cancer earlier this year.
With Bernie Ecclestone, the myth is so much wrapped up in the man that it is often hard to separate fact from fiction.
The Pentagon says a Russian fighter plane flew within about 10ft (3m) of one of its reconnaissance aircraft operating over the Black Sea.
A man who claimed he acted in self defence after killing a fellow partygoer has been cleared of murder.
Caught in a blooper on live television, Australian newsreader Natasha Exelby was always likely to become an internet star.
The victims of the 7 July attacks will "never be forgotten", the mayor of London has said.
Angel di Maria paid an emotional tribute to his grandmother after scoring for Argentina on the day she died.
A videographer has told of how online hackers held him to ransom.
About 50 people will spend the night away from their homes following a blaze in a west London tower block.
England's hopes of defending their EuroHockey title were thwarted at the semi-final stage as Marloes Keetels' strike sent hosts Netherlands through.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady, who tortured and killed five children with Myra Hindley in crimes that shocked the nation, has died.
Police are searching for a man from south Wales who went missing while hiking in Scotland.
The widow of a church organist beaten to death on Christmas Eve has been appointed MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The Green Party of England and Wales says it would decriminalise the sale and purchase of sex as part of its manifesto for women.
A Russian national has been arrested in Greece suspected of being member of a gang that has allegedly laundered billions of dollars using Bitcoin.
Rail company Northern has released details of a reduced train service in preparation for industrial action planned for Monday.
Hinterland co-creator Ed Thomas has called on BBC Wales, S4C and the Welsh Government to help inspire more TV producers and directors in Wales.
A driver has been interviewed under caution after two teenagers died when a car hit a wall in the New Forest.
A man caught red-handed at a £1.66m cannabis farm was caught after a passer-by recognised the pungent smell coming from a disused Borders pub.
A seven-year-old girl who became internationally renowned for tweeting about life in East Aleppo has posted a photo of her destroyed home.
Swimmers have been warned to avoid a Sydney beach after a pet dog was taken by a shark in shallow water.
Mel Nurse, who led the group that helped save Swansea City from bankruptcy in 2002, has concerns over plans for a US takeover of the club.
Hindustan Motors was once India's largest car manufacturer, and its iconic Ambassador car, modelled after the British Morris Oxford, was a national icon.
Trent Bridge cricket ground is set for a £8.1m revamp thanks to loans from three councils.
French President Francois Hollande has led the D-Day 70th anniversary tributes by remembering those who died on a day that "changed the world".
Every household, business or charity in Scotland directly affected by flood water will get a grant of £1,500, Nicola Sturgeon has announced.
GCSE pupils in Northern Ireland have shown improvements in English, Maths and Science.
A football fan has won more than £45,000 after Everton's thrilling last-gasp victory at West Brom.
The UK drew up a list of countries seen as potential threats after 9/11 in a process known as "draining the swamp".
Denver linebacker Brandon Marshall kneeled in protest during the American national anthem prior to the Broncos' victory over the Carolina Panthers in the opening game of the new NFL season.
The Scottish Conservatives have called for an "immediate review" of the business rates revaluation after firms raised concerns about tax increases.
An artist famed for his tiny sculptures has created a microscopic William Shakespeare to mark the 400th anniversary of the Bard's death.
The horse racing industry is worth £208m a year to the economy in and around Newmarket, a study has revealed.
Army bomb disposal experts have been sent to the scene of an alert in Strabane, County Tyrone.
The first new design of an electricity pylon in almost 90 years has been erected at a site in Nottinghamshire.
Leading artists including Sir Antony Gormley, Anish Kapoor and Simon Starling have used material from the fire-damaged Glasgow School of Art to create new work and raise funds.
A biscuit manufacturer is to close its Wirral factory, with the loss of 342 jobs.
Officials are looking at whether faulty equipment used to transport fish contributed to the deaths of scores of trout found in public angling lakes.
Eurotunnel, which operates the undersea tunnel between France and England, tripled profits last year on the back of record passenger numbers.
Hate crime reports surged in the days immediately after three terror attacks in the UK this year, police data shows.
Fernando Alonso says his criticisms of McLaren's Honda engine over team radio helped focus the company on the need to make drastic changes.
Supersonic air travel could be back in little more than five years if a plane that aims to replace Concorde takes to the skies.
The SDLP's Nichola Mallon has become the new lord mayor of Belfast, succeeding Sinn Féin's Máirtín Ó Muilleoir.
A conservation charity is trying to raise £800,000 to purchase 550 acres of land in Snowdonia National Park.
Plans to build a £200m tidal barrage in Lancashire that will power tens of thousands of homes have been announced.
A man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of Syria-related terror offences, police have said.
Arsonists set fire to a minibus belonging to a Muslim community centre in what police say may have been a "targeted hate crime".
One of South Africa's best known TV journalists has been mugged on camera as he waited to go on air.
A police officer who tried to cheat his way out of a speeding ticket by changing his car number plates, has been jailed for three months.
The Australian government says up to 70,000 New Zealanders will be eligible for citizenship under a new agreement.
Scotland's Callum Hawkins claimed victory in the Great Scottish Run in Glasgow, setting a new Scottish half-marathon record in the process.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march against the possibility of building an underground nuclear waste site in Cumbria.
Rwanda has suspended BBC broadcasts in the Kinyarwanda language with immediate effect because of a film questioning official accounts of the 1994 genocide.
New £4.5m trains running from London to south Wales will be slower than those 40 years ago, a transport union has claimed.
A drugs firm has been accused of trying to block access to what some doctors believe is a cheap, safe and effective drug to treat a common eye condition.
The political debate around education has intensified in recent weeks.
Here is another chance to catch up on five of the best family and parenting stories from this week.
WhatsApp is to end support for a number of operating systems including Blackberry 10, Nokia Symbian S60 and Windows Phone 7.1.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said those running England's free schools will not be able to do so for profit.
About 63,000 birds are due to be culled at a Lancashire farm to prevent the spread of bird flu, which has already been found at two nearby premises.
The pound has jumped the most against the dollar in seven years, as traders reassessed the likelihood of the UK leaving the European Union.
A man who caused his friend's death in a drink fuelled fight in Bishopbriggs in East Dunbartonshire has been jailed for 10 and a half years.
A sea to land rescue is set to take place on the South Tyneside coast.
Koalas have quickly learned to use wildlife passageways to cross busy roads in Australia's Queensland state as they move between habitats, writes Myles Gough.
Nintendo has confirmed its first Legend of Zelda video game for the struggling Wii U console.
Online booking firm Appointedd is to expand its operations after raising £595,000 in a funding round.
A man has been arrested following a "large explosion" at a house in a village.
Great Britain's women can reinvigorate hockey at home if they emulate the 1988 men's side by winning Olympic gold, captain Kate Richardson-Walsh believes.
We are so fond of the word 'historic' in Welsh politics that it is increasingly used to describe something vaguely interesting that hasn't happened before.
A huge sandstorm hit China's Gansu Province on Friday afternoon, filling the skies with dust.
A dehydrated and underweight seal pup has been found in a field seven miles from the sea in Vale of Glamorgan.
In the days after last December's historic announcement that the US and Cuba were to re-establish diplomatic relations, a number of dissidents were released from Cuban jails as part of the deal.
A Labour councillor's son, held in Turkey on suspicion of trying to enter Syria illegally is expected to return to the UK.
Wales captain Gethin Jenkins could become rugby's most capped player if he keeps himself fit, says Robin McBryde.
A new report into the deaths of three soldiers during an SAS exercise in the Brecon Beacons in 2013 has concluded it could happen again.
A decision not to prosecute a soldier who shot dead a Catholic man at a border checkpoint in County Tyrone nearly 30 years ago could be reversed.
Cardiff Blues' win over Pro12 leaders Connacht can act as a springboard for the rest of the season, according to head coach Danny Wilson.
Election candidates should engage with asylum seekers in the final push for votes in the Northern Ireland Assembly election, a support organisation has said.
A man accused of killing five people at a shopping mall in Washington state has been found hanging inside his prison cell, say officials.
Burma's government and rebels from the ethnic Wa guerrilla group have reached a peace deal, state media has reported.
Australia's long-running Tropfest film festival has been cancelled less than a month out from its scheduled date due to financial problems.
The film industry and fans around the world have been paying tribute to the US actress and author Carrie Fisher, who has died aged 60 after a cardiac arrest.
Two big car bombs have hit police stations in separate cities in Turkey, killing six people and wounding at least 219 others.
MK Dons have signed defender Paul Downing on a two-year deal after he rejected a new contract offer from League One rivals Walsall.
Threatened East Lothian bus services and jobs have been saved as part of a new takeover package from Lothian Buses Ltd.
When Carlos Ghosn made his not-very-veiled threat about the future of the giant Nissan plant in Sunderland last week, he might have thought locals would have quailed and rallied to his cause.
Manor Racing have gone into administration and will collapse without new investment.
Bacteria living in our guts seem to be affecting our waistlines and harnessing them could lead to new ways of shedding the pounds, US research suggests.
Nationwide has reported a record amount of mortgage lending for a six-month period and a 34% rise in profits.
Head coach Vern Cotter insists Scotland are not going to Twickenham to merely try to contain England.
Two disgraced nurses are making thousands of pounds a week illegally prescribing Botox to patients.
A schoolgirl has become the first child in Wales to be given an official hearing dog.
England captain Alastair Cook continued his fine start to the season with a half-century as Essex took control of the first day against Northamptonshire.
Migrants and refugees have been leaving their homes in places like Syria and Afghanistan, where there is fighting, in big numbers over the last year.
Supermarket Morrisons is to make a new complaint to the Advertising Standards Authority about discount chain Aldi.
Midfielder Tom Naylor has signed a one-year extension to his Burton Albion contract which will keep him at the Championship side until June 2018.
Suspected al-Shabab militants have abducted and killed a traditional chief in northern Kenya, a local elder says.
Sheffield Wednesday have named Carlos Carvalhal as the club's new head coach.
The CEO of a Belfast business centre has issued a stark warning to other businesses after being "held to ransom" by cyber criminals.
Assistant manager Mark Crossley says boss John Sheridan has the backing of chairman Ray Trew, despite Notts County slipping to 20th place in League Two.
World leaders have hailed the vision of the late Israeli leader, Shimon Peres, as he was laid to rest days after his death at the age of 93.
Lloyds Banking Group, owner of HBOS, is going to review the cases of customers affected by a fraud involving two ex-employees, who were jailed last week.
David Ginola has confirmed he will not stand against Sepp Blatter in May's Fifa presidential election.
A teenage motorcyclist was seriously injured when he came off his bike after hitting a rope tied between two trees.
The addition of "kill switch" anti-theft tools to iPhones and Android handsets appears to be acting as a major deterrent to criminals.
Michel Dussuyer has stood down as Ivory Coast manager following his team's early elimination at the Africa Cup of Nations.
Port Vale boosted their League One survival hopes as a goal and an assist from returning defender Ryan Taylor saw off fellow strugglers Shrewsbury Town.
Hibernian moved top of the Championship despite a draw with Raith Rovers extending their winless run to five matches in all competitions.
Europe's rocket industry is currently going through something of an epiphany - the realisation that it must adapt, and fast, or simply become irrelevant.
Monitoring birds on their long distance migrations may provide early warning of bird flu outbreaks, say scientists.
German sportswear firm Adidas has raised its outlook for full-year sales and profits after better-than-expected results for the third quarter.
A care home has been rated "inadequate" and put into special measures after inspectors found a string of failures during an unannounced visit.
American boy band mogul Lou Pearlman has died in prison at the age of 62.
An RAF serviceman who worked with children across England is facing charges over possessing and distributing indecent images of children.
British soldiers are being investigated over allegations of mistreating two Iraqi detainees in 2003.
Damien Hirst's public gallery in south London, which is being developed to display his personal art collection, will open in 2014, the artist has said.
Most people who survive an Ebola infection will have long-lasting health problems, say doctors from the US National Institutes of Health.
A man dialling 999 to say he had been thrown out of a pub was one of a number of problem calls highlighted by a police force during a live Twitter session about excessive drinking.
A rugby match has been held in honour of an off-duty police officer killed in Liverpool last year.
Robert Thomson scored a first-half brace as Dumbarton secured an impressive victory over Raith Rovers.
HSBC has announced it is to close its branch in Market Rasen in December due to falling numbers of people using it.
A judicial review of the decision to merge two Conservative-run local authorities in Somerset has been rejected in full.
Profits at Sir Philip Green's retail empire, which includes High Street fashion chain Topshop, plummeted by 79% last year.
Pressure is mounting on the Scottish government to confirm when EU support payments will be delivered to farmers.
Mark Cullen and Brad Potts starred to help Blackpool return to League One at the first time of asking with victory over Exeter in the play-off final.
North Korea's supreme leader, Kim Jong-un, has said his country could defend itself in any war started by the US.
About 800 jobs are to be cut in a planned merger of two of Scotland's biggest financial companies.
A lab in the UK may have received a sample of live anthrax from the Pentagon in 2007, say US officials.
The Ospreys rugby region has posted a profit for the first time since 2007.
Patrick Marber insists it's coincidence that for two consecutive nights this week the National Theatre is a relentless 'Marber-thon'.
French Interior Minister Bruno Le Roux has resigned over a "fake jobs" row involving work he gave his two daughters when they were teenagers.
Fans of Corrie will have to wave goodbye to mechanic Freddie Smith soon as Derek Griffiths is leaving the soap.
New Zealand's Ross Taylor struck the highest Test score by a visiting batsman in Australia as the runs continued to flow in the second Test.
More than 2,000 pupils whose schools in Edinburgh have been closed because of safety concerns are due to return to classrooms later.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright hopes Joe Gormley will make as big an impact in Scotland as Liam Boyce after signing the Peterborough United striker.
Alex McLeish admits he would find it difficult to turn down Rangers should he be asked to become manager at Ibrox for a second time.
Fifteen members of a Birmingham gun dealing ring have been jailed for selling antique firearms and custom-made bullets to criminals.
Britain's women took two silvers at the 2015 Trampoline, Tumbling and Double-Mini Trampoline World Championships in Denmark on Saturday.
Acting heavyweight Alan Rickman is to attend the Glasgow Film Festival in support of his latest work.
Chelsea have signed Belgium striker Michy Batshuayi from Marseille on a five-year contract.
The former editor of the Sun has offered "profuse apologies to the people of Liverpool" for blaming fans for the Hillsborough tragedy.
As soon as the sun rises in the Caparao Mountains in southeast Brazil, Tarcisio Lacerda takes me on a tour of his property.
Iggy Azalea tweeted that her younger brother is "the biggest Eminem fan and now the artist he most admired says he wants to rape me."
Glenavon will make an appeal after they were punished by the Irish FA for fielding suspended player David Elebert against Portadown on Boxing Day.
Easyjet has cancelled hundreds of flights as the second day of strike action by French air traffic controllers took its toll.
Police have arrested 76 people who were taking part in a mass protest at a major west London shopping centre.
Real Madrid extended their unbeaten run to 38 games with a 3-0 victory over Sevilla in the first leg of their last-16 Copa del Rey tie at the Bernabeu.
Islamic State militants have abducted dozens of people, many Christian, from a Syrian town captured on Thursday from pro-regime forces, reports say.
Two British warships are shadowing an aircraft carrier and other Russian naval ships as they pass the UK on their way to Syria.
US stock indexes closed higher on Friday despite declines in banking shares as investors reacted to the latest round of results in the sector.
A European Parliament committee wants end-to-end encryption to be enforced on all forms of digital communication to protect European Union (EU) citizens.
Councillors and council staff in Rotherham will undergo training and political mentorship as part of a raft of measures to improve performance.
Wycombe Wanderers secured a narrow win over Stevenage to move up to eighth and sit one point from the play-off places.
Israel's shadowy international spy agency, Mossad, is seeking to bolster its ranks with more women, launching its first recruitment drive specifically targeting females.
Northampton hooker Dylan Hartley has been confirmed as England's captain for the Six Nations - two days after his six-week suspension for striking ended.
Huddersfield have signed defender Christopher Schindler from TSV 1860 Munich for an undisclosed club-record fee, understood to be around £1.8m.
A teenager from Flintshire has been accused of being a "fake" for using a wheelchair to cope with a rare illness.
A Bahraini appeals court on Wednesday upheld a death sentence against a protester convicted of murdering a policeman in March 2011.
New data measuring how effectively ambulance staff in Wales deal with 999 calls has been published for the first time.
The UK has "urgently enquired" for information from Chinese and local officials after a British bookseller disappeared in Hong Kong, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
An SDLP leader will speak at the Ulster Unionist conference for the first time on Saturday.
The bodies of dozens of victims of the Srebrenica massacre are being taken back to the Bosnian town for burial.
St Mirren manager Jack Ross is adamant he is happy at the club despite reported summer interest from Dundee.
Disney posted a 5% increase in revenue for the three months to 27 June - but missed expectations for the first time in eight quarters.
Two men who died in a speedboat accident off the west coast of Scotland at the weekend were suspected puppy smugglers, it has emerged.
It is common practice for people to get dressed up for Halloween but what about our four-legged friends?
England pace bowler Mark Wood looks set to miss this winter's tour of South Africa because of injury.
Thousands of people have been taking part in the Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run in Glasgow.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes says his team's poor start in the Premier League could see them miss out on their pre-season targets.
Eight people have been found in a container which arrived on a ferry into Rosslare Europort in County Wexford in the Republic of Ireland.
Former Rangers manager Stuart McCall has admitted he might be interested in the vacancy at Dundee United.
The African Confederation Cup holders, TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo, booked their place in the group phase of this year's tournament with a 0-0 draw away to JS Kabylie in Algeria on Sunday.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in Dumfries charged with attempted murder.
Comparisons with Nazi Germany are "lines that should not be crossed", the German foreign minister has warned his Turkish counterpart as they met to try to defuse a bitter row.
Some of north Wales' most important heritage sites could close if no-one is found to take them over, Anglesey council has warned.
Bayern Munich midfielder Renato Sanches has won the European Golden Boy award, beating Manchester United and England striker Marcus Rashford.
A decision on a "Hillsborough Law" to ensure legal funding for bereaved families at inquests where police are involved has been put on hold.
National League side Southport have named former Chester boss Steve Burr as their new manager.
The "original Stig", Essex-based Perry McCarthy, has backed new Top Gear presenter Chris Evans to create "something special" when the show returns.
Six Scots are competing in Belgrade, Serbia for the European Indoor Athletics Championships starting on Friday, and there are high hopes for some.
A convict serving a seven year sentence for robbery has absconded from an open prison in Buckinghamshire "by unknown means", police said.
Bridgend's new recycling scheme is still in "absolute chaos" more than three weeks after it was introduced, residents have claimed.
British middleweight Savannah Marshall won the gold medal at the Women's World Boxing Championships in China, after defeating Azebaijan's Elena Vystropova in the final in Qinhuangdao.
Southern is taking legal action to try to stop a series of strikes from Tuesday, the RMT transport union said.
It is fair to say that entrepreneur Simon Lee has a flair for languages.
Patients could be at risk because there's been a five-fold increase in delays faced by ambulance crews outside hospitals, according to the Welsh Ambulance Service.
Teachers are to be asked to submit challenging GCSE and A-level exam questions by a key exam board, the Times Educational Supplement reports.
Wales will have the "toughest" and the "best" teacher training system in the UK, the education minister has pledged.
West Indies have appointed former Australia batsman Stuart Law as their new coach on a two-year contract.
Dow Chemical agreed to settle a class action lawsuit after determining the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia made victory less likely.
Police officers in Belfast will wear body cameras while on duty from Wednesday.
Detectives investigating the disappearance of Corrie Mckeague have started a search of a landfill site.
The UN envoy to Central African Republic (CAR), Babacar Gaye, has been sacked amid multiple allegations of sexual abuse by peacekeepers.
Two imposters sneaked on to a float during the celebratory Rio 2016 parade in Manchester, the British Olympic Association (BOA) has confirmed.
France's Senate has rejected a planned 2013 law penalising people who pay for sex, and has chosen to maintain the offence of soliciting.
Home Secretary Theresa May has launched major reforms of policing in in England and Wales.
Tom Smith, the last Scot to start a British and Irish Lions Test, believes Hamish Watson could provide key and unique attributes on this year's tour of New Zealand.
Work on a major bypass in Gwynedd is facing delays as talks continue over protecting wildlife.
Donald Trump has become the first sitting US president to visit the Western Wall, placing his hand on Judaism's holiest prayer site.
An Irishman jailed in Egypt has written a letter to his family to mark the date he should have graduated from college in Dublin.
A natural history museum has closed to allow a "massive" exhibit of dinosaurs from China to be erected.
An island in the Menai Strait between Gwynedd and Anglesey is set to go under the hammer.
A bus driver who was seriously hurt when a steam engine fell off a lorry into the path of his vehicle remains "really poorly", his wife has said.
Opinion polls before the 2015 election were among the most inaccurate since surveying began more than 70 years ago, an industry-wide review has suggested.
(Close): US markets closed higher, with energy stocks leading the way following a rise in the price of oil.
Scotland's population continued to increase last year, rising to a record 5,404,700.
A British doctor performed female genital mutilation on a young mother after she gave birth in hospital, a court has heard.
The police and fire service in Derbyshire are considering plans to share headquarters in a bid to improve working practices and save money.
Actor Sir Patrick Stewart has had a university building housing a drama department named after him.
Exeter Chiefs lock Geoff Parling has signed to play for Super Rugby side Melbourne Rebels for the 2018 season.
Neil Robertson still feels he has had the best season of his career, despite a surprise World Championship exit.
Niall Currie has described the relegation of Portadown from the Premiership as a sad night for Irish League football.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he expects all the parties to take part when discussions on resolving the crisis within the Northern Ireland power-sharing executive resume next week.
It will take the US two years and possibly billions of dollars to overcome the harm done by Edward Snowden's intelligence leaks, the top-ranking US military officer has said.
An engineer involved in the sensors for the space probe launched to study Pluto has told of the "nervous" wait for the first images to come back.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff and non-executive chairman Niki Lauda have signed new deals to stay with the team until the end of 2020.
Cabinet minister Greg Clark was given the wrong job by mistake during the appointment of Theresa May's new government.
Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will not play again this season and says he will undergo appendix surgery next month.
The son of a couple whose bodies have spent almost 15 years in an Edinburgh mortuary has lost a legal bid to stop the council arranging their funerals.
Staff in the sterilisation and disinfection units at some hospitals in south Wales will go on strike for two days over equal pay.
Alex Salmond is expected to meet European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker in Brussels later.
A blaze at a wood recycling centre in Bridgend has finally been extinguished after burning for nearly a week.
Deutsche Bank has agreed a deal to sell its 20% stake in China's Hua Xia Bank for up to 25.7bn yuan ($4bn).
A judge in Texas has put the kibosh on a last-minute legal attempt to block the controversial decision for the US to give up control of one of the key systems that powers the internet.
A pair of nocturnal herons has bred in the wild in the UK for the first time, conservationists have revealed.
Existing tax rules need updating as they can be "abused" by multinational companies, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Bristol City Women have signed Belgium striker Yana Daniels from Anderlecht.
A horse which was trapped in mud on a riverbank had to be rescued by firefighters.
A fourth person has died following a serious crash on the M9 in West Lothian last week.
Essex have signed New Zealand fast bowler Neil Wagner for the first half of the 2017 County Championship season and One-Day Cup.
Hundreds of bus drivers are set for a 24-hour strike in a row over pay and shifts, a union has announced.
The polls open in just over 12 hours and the party leaders are all out criss-crossing the country fighting for every last vote.
Theresa May has said the US and Europe are "united" in condemning atrocities in Syria and has warned Russia of the possibility of more sanctions.
Turkish footballer Mehmet Topal has escaped unharmed after gunmen fired on his bulletproof car in Istanbul.
Four people had to be treated in hospital after taking what is thought to be ecstasy.
With some 24 strike- and close-support aircraft and about a dozen attack helicopters on the ground at its new airbase outside Latakia, Russia is poised to be able to make a significant impact on the fighting in Syria if it so wishes.
Stand-up comedian Chris Ramsey has apologised to his audience in Aberdeen after running off stage during his show to vomit.
The £315m Inverness City Region Deal has been formally signed off in a ceremony in Invergordon.
Olympic gold medallist Joanna Rowsell Shand says she is "surprised" at Jess Varnish's claim British Cycling's technical director made sexist comments to her.
A Mexican woman who had been living in the US since the age of 14 has been deported to Mexico, immigration officials have told the BBC.
France's 12th seed Kristina Mladenovic complained about a "damaged" court at Wimbledon, claiming poor surfaces are the talk of the players' locker room.
The Scottish Conservative leader has accused the Scottish government of allowing "the lead weight of separatism" to drag Scotland backwards.
A man forced his way into a Scottish SPCA rehoming centre after learning his dog had been put down, a court heard.
Salford Red Devils have been charged by the Rugby Football League for the misconduct of their supporters at Huddersfield Giants on 28 March.
Actress Natalie Wood's death certificate has been amended to reflect some of the lingering questions surrounding the star's death in 1981.
A third senior figure on the Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry has resigned.
BBC Radio 4 Extra has overtaken BBC 6 Music to become the UK's biggest digital-only station, according to the latest audience figures from Rajar.
Footage of a drunken man being arrested on a plane at Gatwick Airport after he sexually assaulted a female member of cabin crew has been released by police.
Sammie Szmodics struck a late equaliser to earn Colchester a draw at Cambridge in League Two.
Dozens of Chinese lawyers have been detained or interrogated over recent days in what seems to be a co-ordinated roundup.
Welsh Labour has launched its assembly election manifesto with a "plan for prosperity" the party says will "get the country moving".
A first edition of one of the most important works of the man who inspired the Protestant Reformation has been discovered in a library in France.
Somalia's prime minister has publicly backed a campaign to ban female genital mutilation (FGM) in his country.
Former Rangers striker Kris Boyd has backed his old side to come out on top against Celtic in next month's Scottish Cup semi-final.
A top court of the European Union has annulled the bloc's decision to keep the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas on a list of terrorist groups.
The resignation of an Ulster Unionist Party councillor, in protest at her leader's plan to transfer his second preference vote to the SDLP, makes the front page of both the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter.
Mend the Living, a "heart-breaking" novel about 24 hours in the life of a heart that is transplanted, has won the Wellcome Book Prize.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has pressed the start button to open a pipeline carrying natural gas directly to Germany under the Baltic Sea.
Nigeria edged closer towards qualification for the 2016 Rio Olympics with a 2-1 victory over Congo Brazzaville in Port Harcourt.
In his seminal work on the role of high-frequency traders in global stock markets, Michael Lewis quotes Charlie Munger, Warren Buffett's right hand man.
Tony Blair has said he wants the Iraq Inquiry report to be published as soon as possible and "resents" claims he is to blame for its slow progress.
An Australian blogger and author who faked terminal brain cancer faces legal action over her deception.
A Conservative politician has appeared in court to plead not guilty to assaulting a UKIP candidate in the run-up to elections earlier this year.
The sister of an IRA man has said that she would like to meet the soldier who killed her brother in Londonderry in 1976.
When Charles Rolls and Tim Warrillow decided to set up a business together it was the first time they had ever met.
An Aberdeen hotelier has called for a nationwide boycott of new business rates after vowing to refuse to pay any increases.
A Neath man has been jailed for nine years after admitting the manslaughter of a man he attacked with a knife.
Shrewsbury Town defender Anthony Gerrard hopes that talks can take place next month with a view to him signing a full-time contract at the club.
A detainee has died at an immigration removal centre in Bedfordshire, the Home Office has confirmed.
At a nightclub in Gurgaon, an upscale suburb of the Indian capital Delhi, about 100 people are watching the popular political satire show, Aisi Taisi Democracy, which translates from the Hindi as Democracy Be Damned.
Several villages were pulverised by the 24 August earthquake in which 298 people died, but some young Italians are determined not to let it erase their heritage.
An historic power station has stopped generating electricity after more than 45 years of energy production.
A train driver narrowly avoided being hit by a second train travelling at 105mph (169km/h) when he was investigating a power failure.
The Northern Ireland secretary has said there will be no change in Stormont's talks process despite the announcement of a snap general election.
A former police chief who oversaw the vetting of officers' statements after the Hillsborough disaster has admitted some facts were removed.
The parents of Otto Warmbier, the US student who is in a coma after being freed this week by North Korea, say he was "brutalised" by a "pariah regime".
A man accused of arranging his wife's killing on their honeymoon is expected to be extradited to South Africa later.
Swansea-based swimmer Aaron Moores was among nine Paralaympics GB gold-medallists on day seven of the Rio games.
Audi and Skoda say they have a total of 3.3 million cars fitted with the software that allowed parent company Volkswagen to cheat US emissions tests.
Saturday's National League game between Dagenham & Redbridge and Bromley has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
A British holidaymaker stabbed to death in Cyprus was involved in a row about urinating in public, police have said.
Senegalese singer Thione Seck has been charged with money laundering after fake banknotes worth millions of euros and dollars were found in his house.
A five-year-old boy has died in a suspected drowning at a water park.
Brexit Secretary David Davis is confident negotiations will continue as planned after reports that Brussels may delay trade talks because of a lack of progress on the "divorce" settlement.
Detectives investigating a fatal assault have released CCTV footage of potential witnesses who have yet to come forward.
Singapore has confirmed 41 cases of the Zika virus which were locally transmitted.
His journey to Australia took him from tragedy to comedy.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has broken his promise to change the country's voting system.
It may take almost two years to fix "inadequate" children's services in a city that has failed to protect some vulnerable children, a new report says.
Death from overwork in Japan is such a longstanding problem it even has its own word, "karoshi".
Police in Argentina have arrested four men who appear to have been trying to steal more than a tonne of meteorites in the northern province of Chaco.
A man who tried to climb Everest in Nepal without paying the $11,000 permit fee has been arrested in Kathmandu after walking most of the 154km journey from the mountain's base camp.
Fox News Channel boss Roger Ailes is negotiating his departure from the network, according to US media reports.
Prince's famous former home Paisley Park is to become a permanent museum.
Former Scotland centre Nick de Luca will retire from professional rugby at the end of the season.
Five Romanian men have been arrested in the Netherlands on suspicion of stealing iPhones worth 500,000 euros ($590,000; £447,430) from a moving truck.
Tony Blair has not pitched to become a Middle East envoy for US President Donald Trump, a spokesman has said.
A North American River Otter named Lewis is said to be mourning the death of his "wife" Isla.
Kirsty Gilmour was beaten in the Scottish Open final by Line Kjaersfeldt at Glasgow's Emirates Arena.
The restoration of a paddle steamer which rescued Allied troops during the Dunkirk evacuations is under threat after European funding was suspended.
There could be unstoppable demand for a re-run of the EU referendum if Remain wins by a narrow margin on 23 June, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
The UK's highest court has rejected an appeal by a mother and daughter in their legal battle for women from Northern Ireland to receive free abortions on the NHS in England.
A bird sanctuary has defended decisions made over the welfare of ospreys after social media criticism.
A Tory MP has said her party risks betraying its values as she voiced her opposition to tax credit cuts.
For the world's biggest rock bands the small East African nation of Djibouti doesn't usually appear on their itineraries.
Gordon Reid's defence of his Wimbledon wheelchair singles title ended in the first round as he lost to Sweden's Stefan Olsson.
Police in the Afghan capital, Kabul, have opened fire on anti-government protesters, killing at least one person, officials say.
The Manx government has invited developers to come forward with ideas to transform prominent quayside sites in Douglas.
London 2012 Olympic table tennis player Andrew Baggaley says it is "strange" that minority sports have not capitalised on the Games.
The government has sold more shares in Lloyds, raising about £586m and taking its stake in the bank to below 21%.
A boy from Essex has been charged with 24 separate criminal offences including nine counts of burglary.
Great Britain's lightweight men's four won silver as South Africa beat them to gold by just a quarter of a second in a thrilling final at Eton Dorney.
Supermarket chain Aldi has opened its new warehouse on the outskirts of Cardiff, creating 422 jobs.
The funeral of a Scottish oil worker who died when a helicopter crashed in Norway killing 13 people is to take place on Friday.
Lord Leveson's exhaustive inquiry into the media is due to report on Thursday with recommendations on the future regulation of the press and conduct between the press, politicians and police.
Leicester City have signed Yohan Benalouane from Italian side Atalanta and N'Golo Kante from French club Caen for undisclosed fees.
Charter flights from Switzerland's largest city to Inverness are set to make a return.
Germany's 7-1 victory over Brazil in the World Cup semi-finals has become the most discussed sports game on Twitter so far.
The percentage of primary school pupils going on unauthorised holidays during term-time has reached a record high, official figures have shown.
US shares have risen slightly, erasing earlier losses, but investors remain wary ahead of the US presidential election results.
European data privacy regulators have put renewed pressure on Google to alter its privacy policy.
An inspiring letter sent out to pupils by several schools ahead of upcoming Sats tests has gone viral.
Armagh slipped to a second defeat in Division Two despite a brave second-half comeback at the Athletic Grounds.
Irish airline Ryanair has reported a big increase in full-year profits.
A man has died after the van he was driving crashed in Silverbridge, County Armagh.
The Mexican authorities are reopening the investigation into last year's disappearance of 43 students in the state of Guerrero.
England's new men's hockey head coach Bobby Crutchley says there is likely to be a significant overhaul of the squad.
Out of date sat-navs have been blamed for motorists' slow uptake of a new £35m road in Northamptonshire.
Dundee moved joint top of the Scottish Premiership table but missed a chance to go two points clear as they were held at home by Hamilton.
China's Lenovo, the world's biggest personal computer maker, has reported a 20% rise in full-year revenues.
Passenger numbers grew significantly in November at Scottish airports, with the introduction of new international services.
A total of £215m has been pledged to 76 arts organisations across the West Midlands by Arts Council England.
All photographs subject to copyright
Police officers in Scotland's capital city, Edinburgh, have taken on the Running Man Challenge.
Plans to stop public sector workers automatically paying subscriptions to trade unions through their salaries have been unveiled by the government.
Cheltenham Festival racegoers will be restricted to buying four alcoholic drinks at a time in a bid to crack down on anti-social antics.
A novel about a scout camping weekend that takes a scary twist has won the first James Herbert award for horror writing.
Precision engineering group Renishaw is to close its diagnostics unit in Glasgow, with the loss of up to 33 jobs.
England internationals Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson have signed new Bath contracts, keeping them at the Premiership side until at least 2019.
British television actress Judy Carne - best known as the 'Sock It To Me' girl on hit 1960s show Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In - has died aged 76.
Tracey Emin's most famous artwork My Bed (1998), which features stained sheets, cigarette packets, and discarded condoms, is being auctioned in London on Tuesday.
A Conservative MP has been suspended from the party after it emerged she used a racist expression during a public discussion about Brexit.
Flood defence plans for St Asaph are being tested in an exercise, two years after it was swamped when a river burst its banks, killing an elderly resident.
A prison officer is to be charged with manslaughter following the death of an inmate at HMP Woodhill, Milton Keynes.
A couple who had eloped in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been lynched by villagers in what is suspected to be a case of honour killing, police said.
Lloyd Ashley has committed himself to Ospreys until 2019 by signing a three-year contract extension.
The death of a popular Jersey teacher who fell from cliffs has been described at a inquest as a tragic accident.
The number of elephants in the world is in decline.
Southend boss Phil Brown has said he will not be taking his "eye off the ball" despite speculation linking him with his former club Bolton.
Police are investigating claims an iCloud account reportedly belonging to the Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton has been hacked and private photographs stolen.
With the date now set for the EU referendum, the remain campaign hasn't wasted time outlining its case to people in the East of England.
Toploader have been announced as the headline act at this year's RNLI Parkfest in Stranraer.
Barrow have signed defender Matty Platt and midfielder Connor Thomson on loan from Championship club Blackburn Rovers' development side.
The European Commission has called on EU member states to take in 40,000 asylum seekers from Syria and Eritrea who land in Italy and Greece over the next two years.
The downfall of Princess Srirasmi, the wife of Thailand's Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn, has been both dramatic and unusually public.
Delegates at a UN wildlife conference have endorsed calls for the closure of all domestic ivory markets.
The tumbling price of oil has been headline news for months.
Payday lender The Money Shop has been fined £180,000 after losing computer servers with thousands of customers' financial details.
Kilmarnock boss Lee McCulloch believes front man Kris Boyd has been "written off at every opportunity".
The chief constable of Greater Manchester Police has urged the editor of the Times newspaper to apologise for an "offensive" murder report headline.
Mansfield Town ended their four-game goal drought to overcome Carlisle United at One Call Stadium.
A wildlife film maker had a close call with a polar bear in the Arctic, after it tried to hunt him.
Ford says it will invest $4.5bn (Â£3bn) to expand its fleet of plug-in and hybrid electric vehicles, and will start selling 13 new electric models by 2020.
Jasprit Bumrah bowled a brilliant final over to give India a thrilling five-run win over England in the second Twenty20 international to level the series.
Single forces for Scotland's police and fire services are expected to begin operating on 1 April next year.
Such is the reach of social media these days, even non-league football clubs provide their supporters with blow-by-blow updates via Twitter.
The man who broke into the White House on Friday evening had 800 rounds of ammunition, a machete and two hatchets in his car, authorities have said.
The UK's home secretary has expressed concerns about plans to make it easier for Chinese tourists to get visas.
Hamilton Academical are in the process of completing the signings of defender Danny Seaborne and striker and fellow Englishman Rakish Bingham.
A bottleneck on a popular tourist route along the south coast is to be tackled with a new £2m bridge.
There is an eclectic mix of stories on the front pages of Northern Ireland's daily papers this morning.
A suicide car bomb has killed at least 17 people, mostly women and children, near a military base in Afghanistan, officials say.
A union has called for 17,000 teaching assistants in Wales to have a national structure for pay and conditions to end unfairness.
The maker of the highly anticipated video game No Man's Sky has revealed a legal challenge that threatened the game's name.
Inflation in the eurozone held steady in July, as falling energy prices offset rises in industrial goods.
The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) has opposed draft "revenge porn" legislation that is being considered in Minnesota.
Pupils at a County Antrim school have developed a new tool to target cyberbullying.
TP Mazembe of DR Congo face trips to South Africa, Guinea and Gabon as they bid to defend their Confederation Cup title.
A 500-year-old oak that a planned bypass road will be built around to prevent it being destroyed has been named as the UK's Tree of the Year.
Tributes have been paid to a musician who died after falling into the River Clyde in Glasgow the day before his 22nd birthday.
Police say they have no power to remove an illegal encampment in Bournemouth, despite calls for them to act.
Northern Ireland fans will be allowed to apply for two tickets to the Euro 2016 finals in France.
The sister of a man accused of stabbing Surjit Singh Chhokar in 1998 has told a trial he claimed that he had "got away with the perfect murder".
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola could again select recent signing Gabriel Jesus ahead of top scorer Sergio Aguero.
Russia is to announce a range of reforms designed to restore trust in its scandal-ridden anti-doping agency, BBC Sport has learned.
Russia's central bank has raised its key interest rate to 9.5% from 8% as it seeks to tackle inflation.
Over the last five years, Imagine Dragons have become one of the biggest bands on the planet.
A new theory suggests that our male ancestors evolved beefy facial features as a defence against fist fights.
Turkey's prime minister has condemned as a "historic error" Germany's vote to recognise the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide, but said it will not wreck the two countries' ties.
A fire crime chief says more prosecutions are needed to stop people starting grass fires for fun.
A woman has died and two other people have been injured following a fire at a terraced house in West Sussex.
Apprenticeships in England should last for at least a year and genuinely train someone in a new role, a key report for the government says.
Rebel groups in Syria have told the BBC they will not stop fighting because they do not believe that Russia will end its bombing campaign in support of the government.
The Scottish government has published its blueprint for the future of the NHS, with a focus on treating people closer to home rather than in hospital.
Italy wing Leonardo Sarto has agreed to join Glasgow Warriors on a two-year contract in the summer from Zebre.
Luis Figo has joined Michael van Praag in withdrawing from the Fifa presidential election on 29 May.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp and his players celebrated Adam Lallana's stoppage-time winner at Norwich so wildly that the German ended up breaking his glasses.
French champions Paris St-Germain moved within a point of Ligue 1 leaders Nice as striker Edinson Cavani's brace earned a 2-0 win at Nantes.
Ipswich Town made it four wins from four games in the Championship with victory over Brentford at Portman Road.
Scotland scrum-half Henry Pyrgos has signed a new two-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
Greek bank shares have fallen sharply for a second day in Athens, but non-financial firms have fared better.
TV's Richard Madeley has hailed "Twitterpower" after a "peeping Tom" drone was allegedly flown over the garden of his idyllic seaside home.
Amber Hill aims to become the first British woman to win Olympic shooting gold after being named in a six-strong Team GB squad for the Rio 2016 Games.
Veteran goalkeeper Paddy Kenny has joined newly-promoted League One side Northampton Town as player-coach.
Two men are in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in a large-scale disturbance in South Lanarkshire.
At least six people have been killed and dozens injured in Afghanistan after protests spread over the burning of copies of the Koran at a US airbase.
The former headmaster of a prep school attended by London mayor Boris Johnson, has been arrested on suspicion of historic sex assaults.
"If you're an Indian reading this book in English, it's probably because of Thomas Macaulay," says the front cover blurb on a new biography of a man who foisted the Queen's language on India.
Hundreds of people were evacuated and three men taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a west London hotel.
A new study sheds light on how money affects human behaviour.
A Chinese scheme to build an east-west railway across South America, cutting across parts of the Amazon rain forest, has moved a step closer after Peru agreed to study the proposal.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed South Africa utility back Zane Kirchner from Pro12 rivals Leinster for 2017-18.
Most people don't choose to spend their weekends at a police station.
A deadly pathogen that kills larch trees has been discovered in seven new locations across Argyll and Stirling, Forest Enterprise Scotland has warned.
Up to 150 disability rights campaigners have been protesting outside IT firm Atos, which carries out "fit for work" assessments for the government.
David Moyes has been sacked as Real Sociedad boss.
A lodger who worked as a carer for his landlady has been sentenced for killing her in their south-west London flat.
Orlando Pirates of South Africa conceded a late goal in Soweto to hand Etoile du Sahel of Tunisia a narrow advantage as they drew 1-1 in the first leg of the African Confederation Cup final.
As Martin McGuinness steps down from elected politics, BBC News NI looks back at his career.
When Iran's top civil defence official said his country was preparing for major cyber-attacks from Saudi Arabia, perhaps even he did not think it would take such a short time for his warnings to become reality.
A lost painting by one of the Scottish Colourists has been discovered on the reverse of another artwork.
Somali Islamist fighters have attacked a hotel in a strategic central town the militants lost control of last week.
Four empty fire control centres are still costing the government £7.6m a year, the BBC has learned.
Taylor Swift has pulled her hit album 1989 from Apple's new streaming music service and criticised the company.
(Close): London's benchmark index, the FTSE 100, closed marginally higher on Wednesday, gaining 4.65 points in late trading to close at 6336.48.
One of four special £5 notes worth up to £50,000 that feature a tiny portrait of author Jane Austen has been spent in a pie shop.
Councils are fighting plans for hundreds of new "ugly and unwanted" phone boxes while they seek a change in the law.
Plans to remove English stream education at a Carmarthenshire school have been backed.
Wild bees in the US have declined in many farming areas according to the first national effort to map their numbers.
The mother of a toddler who was taken from Newcastle's Primark store says she has forgiven the girl's kidnappers.
A truck carrying fireworks has exploded on an elevated highway in central China, killing at least five people and causing part of the road to collapse, state media report.
England's Vicky Holland, Jonathan Brownlee, Jodie Stimpson and Alistair Brownlee won triathlon's mixed team relay at the Commonwealth Games.
Egypt goalkeeper Essam El Hadary foresaw that he would save the penalties that took his side through to the Africa Cup of Nations final.
A vintage Jaguar sports car made famous when it featured in Only Fools and Horses has sold for more than £115,000.
Members of the Unite union working for Scotland's fisheries protection fleet are set to walk out on a series of strikes in a dispute over pay.
The chairwoman of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse has been asked to appear before MPs to explain why she has resigned.
The producers of the James Bond films are to make a "female-driven" thriller starring Gossip Girl's Blake Lively.
Voters in the Republic of Ireland have approved the EU fiscal pact, according to official results.
The price of Brent crude oil has fallen $3.60 - 4.4% - to $77.52, its lowest level for four years.
Clashes have broken out across Bangladesh during a strike called by the largest Islamist party, a day after one of its leaders was sentenced to death for war crimes.
The UK government is to stop giving money to a charity in Malawi following a BBC investigation which found it was under the control of a cult-like group.
A second 16-year-old boy has been charged over an alleged knife fight at a London shopping centre on Boxing Day.
More than 11 million workers now in their 20s and 30s will end up worse off as a result of reforms to the state pension, a think tank has said.
A US prisoner who spent 17 years in jail for a robbery he did not commit has spoken of his relief that researchers found his lookalike.
Bereaved families have marked the third anniversary of the Clutha helicopter crash by asking for clarity over when a fatal accident inquiry will be held.
BBC radio listeners in the Highlands could find their service affected due to essential transmitter work taking place on Tuesday.
As French voters go to the polls to elect a new president, the country's relationship with the European Union, immigration and terrorism will all be important themes.
Ex-Labour MP Naz Shah has "stood aside" from the Commons Home Affairs select committee "until further notice".
Yorkshire have confirmed the signing of Tom Kohler-Cadmore on a three-year deal after he was released from his contract by Worcestershire.
Two drug dealing brothers taken back to court for mocking a judge on Facebook when she decided not to jail them have now been jailed for two years.
B vitamins may offer some protection against the impacts of air pollution, a small scale human trial suggests.
A man who was hailed a hero after the Manchester Arena attack has denied stealing a bank card and mobile phone at the venue on the night of the blast.
Defending champion Petra Kvitova suffered a shock early Wimbledon exit as former world number one Jelena Jankovic fought back to secure a third-round victory.
The family behind Europe's biggest steelmaker has lost more than £2bn in the past year, the annual Sunday Times Rich List has revealed.
Guernsey vice-captain Josh Butler says they are awaiting permission from Leicestershire to allow Will Fazakerley to play in World Cricket League Five.
Oldham Athletic have signed Doncaster Rovers striker Curtis Main on loan until the end of the season.
Few killers achieved the notoriety or attracted as much public loathing as the so-called "Moors Murderer", Ian Brady, who has died at the age of 79.
Residents in Cardiff will have to prove where they live before they are allowed to use the council's waste recycling centres.
Tom Hiddleston has surprisingly missed out on a Bafta TV Award nomination for his role in The Night Manager.
A rare bottle of whisky signed by US president elect Donald Trump has sold for £6,000 at auction in Glasgow.
As she stood on the makeshift stage in the Buckingham Palace forecourt, the Queen might have been tempted to reflect on one of the benefits of longevity.
Cavan's All-Ireland Championship campaign came to a stunning end as Tipperary staged a remarkable comeback at Kingspan Breffni.
Mid-table Coventry City earned a point from a drab match as Gillingham missed the chance to go third in League One.
Bath director of rugby Mike Ford says he trusts his players to turn around their form after an inconsistent start to the season.
Damian Lewis has hit back at critics who claimed he was too privileged to take part in his local comprehensive school's 50th anniversary celebrations.
New Saints boss Craig Harrison has said he has ambitions to manage at "the highest level."
A father whose toddler son was shot dead in a cafe in Turkey will mark the anniversary of his death by campaigning for global action against firearms.
Singer-songwriter Yusuf, formerly known as Cat Stevens, has said the harrowing death of Syrian toddler Aylan Kurdi inspired his latest song.
Artists have been selected to take forward plans for a memorial to recall a crofters' uprising in the north east of Skye more than 130 years ago.
Canada international Djustice Sears-Duru has signed a contract with Glasgow Warriors until the end of the season.
At least 10 people are missing, feared dead, in Burundi after landslides which have destroyed hundreds of homes, officials say.
A former employee of Nathan Gill has lost a claim of disability discrimination against the UKIP Wales MEP at an employment tribunal.
Cheryl, Louis Walsh or Mel B can't manage it but there is one person who can put Simon Cowell in his place - Julie, his mum.
A Tory MP says a former aide to David Cameron declined a request to answer questions about what the ex-PM knew about last year's Trident missile test.
Court documents have revealed aggressive sales tactics employed by staff at Donald Trump's now defunct investment school.
Scotland's renewable energy output increased by 45% in the first quarter of this year, compared with the same period last year.
The makers of hit TV show Glee have lost their appeal against a legal ruling that found in favour of a comedy club chain of the same name.
Influential pan-Arab and international TV broadcaster Al-Jazeera has raised Qatar's media profile.
An undercover Metropolitan Police officer proposed to an activist and lived with her for 18 months, the BBC has learned.
The US has denied that any of its unmanned spy planes have been shot down by Iran.
The Finnish government is considering a pilot project that would see the state pay people a basic income regardless of whether they work.
Uzbekistan is voting to elect a new president following the death of Islam Karimov, the only leader the country has known since the fall of the Soviet Union.
Lebanon's parliament has scrapped a law under which a rapist could be exempt from punishment if he married his victim, state media report.
The mother of a Maesteg teenager who died after he was hit by a school minibus driven by a teacher described him as "our angel" at his funeral.
Ospreys were the "architects of their own downfall" in their European Champions Cup defeat at Bordeaux-Begles, says captain Alun Wyn Jones.
Real Madrid have broken the world transfer record to sign Tottenham forward Gareth Bale.
It's a beautiful spring day at Lulworth Cove, a striking part of the Jurassic Coast, which stretches across south Dorset and Devon in the UK.
Planned new assessments in schools need to be handled "carefully", according to a major report on Scottish education.
The UN peacekeeping mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo has been given a week to fly hundreds of South Sudanese fighters out of the country.
Briton Brydan Klein reached the second round of the Auckland Open with a 6-1 6-7 (6-8) 7-6 (7-3) win over Facundo Bagnis - ranked 269 places above him.
A university student has proposed to his girlfriend during a graduation ceremony.
Portadown defender Ken Oman has been suspended for six matches for elbowing Cliftonville's Caoimhin Bonner in Saturday's Premiership fixture.
(Close): The FTSE 100 clawed back its early falls as gains in mining stocks outweighed losses among banks.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hailed his team after picking up four Elite League points this weekend, but will worry about negatives later on.
Chinese Super League clubs face a 100% tax on signings as their mid-season transfer window opens on Monday.
A woman left brain damaged by killer nurse Beverley Allitt has been ordered to pay back £23,000 in benefits.
Heavy downpours have hit train services and left roads in parts of Hampshire impassable.
American Jason Dufner heads into the final round of the CareerBuilder Challenge with a two-shot lead after carding an eight-under-par 64 in California.
Police in Serbia have arrested about 80 people in what has been described as the country's biggest anti-corruption investigation in decades.
The UK can "deal with whatever the world throws at us" if it votes to leave the EU, Michael Gove says.
I have been involved in some incident-packed match days and seen most things during close to 12 and a half years at Wycombe Wanderers, but breaking my arm while scoring in Saturday's game at York City was a new one - even for me.
Suspected sepsis in patients must be treated as an emergency in the same way as heart attacks are, England's health watchdog says.
The actor who played Screech in US TV show Saved by the Bell has been charged with stabbing a man in a bar fight.
Hospital staff were too quick to assume there were no safeguarding concerns in the case of a baby who died after being shaken by his father, a report says.
Hollywood director Tim Burton has switched on this year's Blackpool Illuminations.
The former home of the Bronte sisters has been returned to the design of the authors' era after researchers found fragments of its original decor.
If a week can be a long time in politics, then two years is an eternity.
It's early morning and local commuters are queuing up for tickets at the Kirti Nagar railway station in the Indian capital, Delhi.
There have been more than 3,500 crashes involving emergency service vehicles in the past five years.
Dover maintained their National League promotion push at the expense of Wrexham at the Racecourse Stadium.
Two horses have been saved from drowning in rising tides near Fleetwood, Lancashire.
The world's leading oil exporters could be finally about to take action following the fall in prices.
Upgrades to some of England's busiest roads, including a controversial tunnel past Stonehenge, could be scrapped because they are not value for money.
X Factor winner Ben Haenow has won the race for the Christmas number one, the Official Charts Company has announced.
More than 18 months have passed since the Concorde at Filton, near Bristol, was closed to the public.
Shoppers across the UK are being encouraged to buy from independent stores on Saturday as part of a campaign to boost high streets.
A 22-year-old man has died after the van he was driving was in collision with another van in the Isle of Man.
Although a very small country, Panama is used to getting attention, for reasons good and bad.
Members of the public in north Wales are to be asked their views on the future of their region's health service this autumn.
GoPro has announced a new camera that is smaller and lighter than its earlier models.
A memorial has been dedicated to 14 men who died in a Warwickshire mining disaster a century ago.
The new rector of Edinburgh University has warned that government plans for a shake-up in how universities are governed could threaten the role.
Millions of rail passengers should be given more help to claim money back when their train is delayed, the industry regulator has recommended.
A Bangor University student threatened with deportation was "picked off" because she was "following the rules and easy to identify", her local MP said.
Tim Peake is preparing to talk to hundreds of school pupils in a live webcast from the International Space Station.
Police have appealed to the mother of a baby girl found dead on a footpath to tell them the child's name ahead of her funeral.
Seven people from one traveller family abused and beat vulnerable men who were kept in captivity and made to work without pay, a court has heard.
A stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia has killed at least 700 people and injured more than 860.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest has played down the significance of a hack involving the Twitter and YouTube accounts of US military command.
South Sudan's foreign minister has warned his country is on the brink of war with Sudan following days of fierce fighting along the border.
Four men who smashed their way into a jewellery shop and stole watches worth £13,500 have been jailed for a total of 23 years.
A former West Midlands Police officer has been charged with more than 30 child sex offences.
A £120m holiday village and houses on Anglesey which could bring about 600 jobs has been given the final go-ahead.
Brendon McCullum scored the fastest Test century in his 101st and final match for New Zealand before retiring.
A provocative Australian advertisement has swept the internet, sparking assumptions that the Northern Territory (NT) has unleashed a startling new tourism campaign.
Two statues found during a Cumbrian house clearance have baffled experts.
Bathed in low evening light, Amoy Gardens is a hive of activity.
A former prison officer has been jailed for 12 months after admitting selling stories about singer George Michael to the Sun newspaper for Â£2,150.
Claims that serial child killer Robert Black confessed several more killings to a prisoner in Northern Ireland are being examined by English police.
VW executives knew about emissions cheating two months before the scandal broke, but chose not to tell US regulators, according to court papers.
The EU's top court says Greece is violating EU law by allowing doctors to work long hours without adequate rest.
Amir Khan says being an underdog for the first time as a professional will motivate him against Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez in Las Vegas on 7 May.
The National Farmers' Union is calling for clarity on what will happen to free-range labelling if restrictions owing to avian flu continue.
The lawyer for a man facing extradition over US government computer hacking claimed he could be detained in jail for years before his trial.
A man has been charged with robbing a post office in Cumbria.
The BBC's Anna Jones examines how people survive in the rubble after an earthquake - and what dictates the duration of search operations.
Safety across the NHS and care sectors in England is a "significant concern", with particular problems in hospitals, inspectors are warning.
Jewellery that sheds light on the tastes of six generations of queens is to go on show at an exhibition celebrating the qualities of gold.
Bangladesh cricketer Shahadat Hossain has turned himself in to face charges of torturing an 11-year-old housemaid.
A bomb has exploded outside a Shia mosque in Saudi Arabia, reportedly killing at least four people.
Homeowners living in high flood-risk areas of the UK should now be able to save hundreds of pounds on their insurance premiums.
If coping with internal struggles over the European Union wasn't enough, the government has a Budget to contend with within the next three weeks.
The General Assembly of the Church of Scotland has voted to allow ministers to continue to serve if they are in a gay marriage.
Newcastle Falcons are relishing the importance of Sunday's bottom-two Premiership showdown with London Irish, says back row Mark Wilson.
Celtic have attributed a sharp fall in revenue and profits to their early exit from the UEFA Champions League.
London Paralympic champion Jonnie Peacock insists he is not the favourite for the T44 100m crown in Rio, despite being ranked world number one.
England will provide one of five teams competing against Usain Bolt's All-Stars in a new athletics event IAAF president Lord Coe says will "revolutionise" the sport.
Two men and a woman have appeared in court after heroin with an estimated value of about £250,000 was recovered in Falkirk.
Situated in the nondescript outer western suburbs of Bangkok, Sawang Arom temple is already well known for its collection of kuman - plastic child-dolls in historic costumes, usually clutching a bag of gold, and believed to be inhabited by the ghost of an unborn foetus.
Students at the London School of Economics have staged a protest against the university's association with the regime in Libya.
An oral treatment for peanut allergy is still effective four years after it was administered, a study has found.
The search for missing junior doctor Rose Polge has been scaled back, almost a week after she disappeared.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut at the Irish Open for the fourth time in five years as Daniel Im and Benjamin Hebert led after day two at Portstewart.
Leicester City may have won the Premier League title in one of the greatest sporting achievements of all time, but how well do you know the home of the Foxes?
James Cameron, the creator of the blockbuster film Avatar, has announced a joint venture with two Chinese firms in a bid to capture the country's fast-growing movie market.
Three former Air France employees have been found guilty of ripping the shirts from the backs of two executives fleeing a meeting about job cuts.
Bruce Anstey again set the pace in the third qualifying session for the 2017 Festival of Motorcycling on Wednesday.
Cavan manager Terry Hyland declared the best had yet to come as his side celebrated going up to Division One of the Football League.
A working silk mill that has been operating for more than two centuries is to be restored and repaired.
Ubisoft has promised to fix a fault with its blockbuster video game Tom Clancy's The Division that caused hundreds of players' characters to vanish.
When Chinese entrepreneurs Deng Feng and Michael Yu took a BMW out for a test drive together, they managed to get into an accident and completely destroy the car.
Former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley has announced his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Pregnant women with epilepsy should be treated by a specialist healthcare team to prevent unnecessary deaths, according to new national guidelines.
A 42-year-old has been arrested over a paramilitary-style attack in west Belfast.
Richard Keogh says Derby County will "always be in his heart" after being named as captain by boss Gary Rowett.
Rebuilding work has begun at a house in South Yorkshire where a man killed himself and his two sons in a fire.
Barrow registered a fourth successive win as they dented Braintree's National League play-off hopes.
A memorial to three Scottish soldiers who were murdered by the IRA has been attacked for a 19th time, the Royal British Legion has said.
Leicester Tigers have given new deals to Mike Fitzgerald, Greg Bateman, Brendon O'Connor and Jono Kitto.
England have reached the final of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time by beating Italy 3-1 in the semi-finals.
Sam Curran starred with bat and ball to help put Surrey in a commanding position against Middlesex at Lord's.
Rejections for disabled parking badge applications have leapt up since tougher measures were introduced.
Storm Frank has caused flooding and disruption to travel and electricity supplies in the Republic of Ireland.
When Torquay won the Conference Premier play-off final in 2009, few at Plainmoor thought they would head back out of the Football League just five years later.
An otter cub in a "desperately sorry state" rescued in Ceredigion has been hand-reared back to health.
Josh Magennis struck a hat-trick as Charlton came from behind to brush aside Bristol Rovers at The Valley.
A red squirrel who got stuck halfway through a manhole cover thanks to his curvy hips is recovering after a lengthy rescue operation in Munich.
Prosecutors are expected to announce on Wednesday whether Conservative politicians or officials will face charges for breaches of expenses rules.
Rafael Nadal winning a 10th French Open would be "one of sport's biggest achievements", says former British number one Tim Henman.
Wycombe Wanderers club captain Matt Bloomfield has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Changes to the way midwives are supervised have been announced by the government in response to an inquiry into baby and mother deaths in Cumbria.
Holders The New Saints (TNS) will have to travel to Bangor for their Welsh Cup semi-final against Gap Connah's Quay on 1 April.
Scotland's finance secretary is to call on the UK government to scrap a £35m annual tax bill for the country's police and fire services.
US President Donald Trump's National Security Advisor has accused the Iranian government of "malign actions" after a missile test.
Where children grow up in England is more likely to determine success or failure at school than in previous generations, a study suggests.
BBC Sport will broadcast the ATP World Tour Finals until 2018 after extending its deal to cover the season finale.
Passers-by on a London street were recently amazed to see a fleeting image of a pink tongue protruding from fruitily plump lips, seemingly suspended in mid-air.
Israel has approved the construction of 285 new homes at Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank, according to the settlement watchdog Peace Now.
A rugby player taking part in a beach rugby tournament with his team in Spain has been found dead in his hotel.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and opening batsman Alex Hales have opted out of October's tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns.
Pinewood Studios is set to double in size after winning an appeal against the rejection of its £200m expansion plan.
Derbyshire finished an attritional day's cricket on 2-0, 53 runs ahead after Glamorgan were dismissed for 237 just before the close.
Amazon has reported a third-quarter loss of $437m (£273m) - up significantly from the $41m loss it reported for the same period last year.
An award-winning musician says seeing a giant mural of herself on the side of a club she went to as a teenager is "very, very surreal".
Bristol City Women forward Mille Farrow is set for a spell on the sidelines after rupturing her anterior cruciate knee ligament in a friendly.
A former senior college manager who was cleared of fraud is calling for a Holyrood inquiry into what happened to be re-opened.
Captain Simon Grand will leave Barrow as eight players fail to have their contracts renewed.
US scientist Paul Baran, whose work in the 1960s helped pave the way for the internet, has died aged 84.
A $100m initiative to listen for signals from alien life is targeting a star with an unusual dimming pattern.
A Chester credit broker has been fined £120,000 for sending millions of text messages without permission.
Ulster scrum-half Ruan Pienaar has been named in the Barbarians team to take on Ireland at Thomond Park on Thursday.
The funeral of the eight-year-old boy who was killed after his family was knocked down by a car on the way to school has taken place in Glarryford, County Antrim.
John Cleese is reported to be in talks to return to the BBC for a sitcom which has been written specifically for him.
A girl stolen as a newborn from a hospital in Jacksonville, Florida, has been found alive in South Carolina after more than 18 years, police say.
Wigan Athletic have signed Leeds defender Jason Pearce and Inverness Caledonian Thistle striker Billy Mckay.
Cameroon coach Hugo Broos has called up seven uncapped players to his squad for upcoming matches.
A man who attacked and strangled a woman who dumped him after a short relationship has been jailed for nine years.
Police are urging two drivers who may have seen a crash in which a young girl was killed to come forward.
On-loan midfielder Liam Watt bagged a brace as bottom-of-the-table Brechin City secured a victory over fellow League One strugglers Forfar Athletic.
The name of a soldier who died in the years following World War One has been added to a Hampshire war memorial, 95 years after it was erected.
Manchester City are out of the Premier League title race after a 4-0 loss to Everton at Goodison Park, according to manager Pep Guardiola.
Athletes have been warned to prepapre for an updated list of banned substances coming into force in 2017.
An elderly California woman has surrendered to police after a 22-hour stand-off, in which the woman shot at a police robot that was sent to communicate with her.
Fashion group Ted Baker has reported strong profits for the first half of 2016 despite challenging trading conditions.
Highland Council has approved plans for the Isle of Raasay's first whisky distillery.
An alternative coach company has been brought in to provide school transport in Pembrokeshire.
A teacher has been jailed for three years for sexually abusing a boy at a preparatory school.
By legend the birthplace of the ancient Greek goddess of love Aphrodite, Cyprus's modern history has, in contrast, been dominated by enmity between its Greek and Turkish inhabitants.
Scientists reckon they've figured out why the narwhal has its famous tusk.
Workers at a Newport building firm are facing redundancy after the company warned it was going into administration, union leaders claim.
Hollywood film Warcraft will come to China next month, in what is the culmination of a decade-long love affair between the world's most populous country and one of the most popular online games of all time, writes the BBC's Tessa Wong.
A young mother who lay trapped in a car for three days after it crashed on the M9 was trying to escape when rescuers arrived, her brother has said.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he signed Victor Valdes knowing the former Barcelona goalkeeper will not be happy being back-up for fellow Spaniard David De Gea.
A £40m super computer project has been launched that will give businesses and universities in Wales access to the most advanced computing technology currently available.
Internet auction site eBay has told staff at an office in the Republic of Ireland that the facility will close next year.
Clad in black, with a Darth Vader-like mask, a Nazi helmet and a sword, Anton Lundin Pettersson marched like a soldier through the school corridors, singling out those with dark skin to attack.
The death of a woman in Washington state in spring has been confirmed as the first US fatality from measles in 12 years, health authorities say.
Sussex pace bowler Jofra Archer has agreed a two-year contract extension to run until the end of the 2019 season.
The Welsh government wants to introduce a new law to protect the "well-being" of community life.
Children leaving residential care at 18 feel they lack support while others claim they have limited say in where they will live, a report has found.
The last letter of Mary, Queen of Scots, is to be displayed for an extra three hours due to high public demand.
The prime minister appears to have rowed back on her comments during the EU referendum campaign that there could be Irish border controls if the UK left the EU.
Aston Villa's awful start to 2017 continued as Barnsley sent them to a fourth straight Championship defeat - and second at home in four days.
Newport County football club is set to become fan-owned after its Supporters Trust comfortably passed a £195,000 fund-raising target.
Angry Haitians looted aid trucks as the UN secretary general visited parts of the country hit by Hurricane Matthew, which killed 900 people.
A public consultation is being launched over whether the NHS in England and Wales should offer financial incentives to encourage healthier lifestyles.
The Gambia's leader Yahya Jammeh is to step down and leave the country, officials involved in negotiations say.
The demolition of an Art Deco fountain which featured in Banksy's Dismaland show has been slammed by campaigners.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Theresa May's call for rival parties to contribute their policy ideas showed the government "has run out of steam".
US Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has defended comments that suggested the Holocaust may have been avoided if people had been armed.
A motorist who murdered a love rival when he ploughed into his bicycle at 40mph has been jailed for life.
Botox injections can now be offered as a treatment for urinary incontinence, says England's NHS drugs watchdog.
The gap between black and white pupils' achievement is widening in the USA - so what are the causes and what barriers are preventing this problem being overcome?
US actress Carrie Fisher, best known for her role as Princess Leia in the Star Wars series, has died aged 60, days after suffering a cardiac arrest.
More than half of young people in Wales use public libraries, research has shown.
A man has died in hospital after being found unconscious inside a property in Reading in the early hours of Sunday.
A campaign to reinstate an Australia Day advert featuring two girls in hijabs has raised more than A$100,000 (Â£60,000; $75,000) in donations.
Bristol Rovers brushed aside their poor start in League One by cruising to an impressive 3-2 win at Bury.
An MP has called on the government to review a decision allowing an NHS trust that "requires improvement" to run community health services in Liverpool.
A descendant of two of the first people from Wales to resettle in Argentina's Patagonia has visited the north Wales town where her relatives came from.
The number of children living in temporary accommodation in England is at a six-year high, according to official figures.
Thousands of people are still being told they should not use their water because of high levels of chlorine.
Junior doctors have been out on strike in the first protest like it for decades.
Wales is suffering from a "double whammy" of a Labour government and weak devolution, Leanne Wood will tell the SNP conference in Aberdeen.
Team Wiggins say they are "surprised" and "disappointed" after being excluded from next month's Tour de Yorkshire.
Andy Murray's Australian Open semi-final win was a seminal moment, and not just for the Scot's career.
Lethal substances, pop sensations, sledgehammer-wielding vandals and online scams feature in Northern Ireland's local papers this week.
Francis Ledwidge was an unusual war poet - a British soldier, an Irish nationalist and a man of peasant background.
Scientists say a translucent, "ghost-like" octopod discovered in ocean depths near Hawaii is "almost certainly" a new species.
Charges have been dropped against five people who were accused of trafficking a pregnant woman into the UK.
A total of £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 water voles from the Somerset Levels ahead of dredging work - higher than previously thought.
VisitScotland has launched a drive to promote Scotland as the place to get married.
Louis Oosthuizen shot a bogey-free six-under-par 66 to take a share of the lead after round two of the Players Championship at Sawgrass.
Glastonbury organisers have said they will not hold an event at another site during its "fallow" year in 2018.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering soldier Lee Rigby outside Woolwich barracks in south-east London in May.
Last season's beaten finalists Harlequins kicked off the European Challenge Cup with a dominant home victory against Stade Francais.
Glasgow University has become the first in the UK to announce that it will sell off the shares it holds in companies that produce fossil fuels.
Scotland's licensing boards have been urged to do more to protect communities from alcohol harm.
Two newly hatched osprey chicks have been stolen by magpies in Cumbria.
The star of new movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword has told of being "very excited" when told scenes were to be shot in the Scottish Highlands.
An unprecedented spate of burglaries on the Isle of Man continued on Tuesday with the first break-ins in Ramsey.
The first minister has warned that leaving the EU could cost the Scottish economy billions of pounds.
Work has started on new flood prevention measures for a repeatedly flooded village.
Police probing the fatal shooting of a mother-of-nine and her nephew at their north London flat have arrested two men.
A man who painted the front of his Grade II listed shop with a "garish and unsympathetic" union flag is facing possible legal action for breaching planning regulations.
Scotland's Conservative leader Ruth Davidson has said there is no popular support for a second Scottish independence referendum.
Bomb disposal officers have removed a shell and hand grenade from a house in Dumfries and Galloway.
At least 30 people have been killed on Myanmar's border with China, after clashes between ethnic rebels and the security forces.
BBC Sport tracks all the manager ins and outs as well as listing all the current bosses in the Premier League, Scottish Premiership, English Football League and National League.
Nasa has created a new interactive web site to allow people to explore the surface of Mars just like the Curiosity rover is doing.
A man and woman have escaped injury in a petrol bomb attack in County Armagh.
A Scottish Premiership football club fighting relegation has appealed to its fans to show their support at the team's latest crunch game.
A £10,000 reward has been offered following the murder of a woman shot dead by two men on bicycles in London.
Wales fly-half Rhys Priestland has reversed his decision to take an 18-month break from international rugby.
Ed Barney has been named Great Britain hockey's new performance director - overseeing the men's and women's teams.
The Apprentice house has already lost one member and the original 20 candidates are down to 19.
Apple and Nokia have settled a dispute over the use of patented technology in smartphones and agreed to "co-operate".
A telecoms firm has been fined Â£100,000 for sending millions of spam texts about mobile phone upgrades.
Forest Green missed the chance to go level on points with National League leaders Lincoln as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Eastleigh.
Hong Kong's flagship carrier Cathay Pacific has said it will cut nearly 600 jobs as part of the biggest restructuring in 20 years.
Manchester City Under-21s won on penalties in their first EFL Trophy appearance, while fellow debutants Tottenham lost in a shootout at Luton.
Britain expects to be part of EU decision-making until Brexit, Theresa May has told fellow EU leaders.
"It's so important not to forget but remembering brings all the memories flooding back," said Silene Fredriksz, as relatives came from across the world to mark the first official monument in the Netherlands to those who died on flight MH17.
An 81-year-old driver whose poor eyesight meant he should not be on the road has been given a suspended jail sentence after he hit and killed a woman.
Credit ratings are used by lenders when deciding whether to accept an application for credit.
Police are investigating the discovery of a dead buzzard in South Lanarkshire.
More than 92% of voters in Congo-Brazzaville's controversial referendum have approved constitutional changes to allow President Denis Sassou Nguesso to run for a third term, results show.
Irish singer Daniel O'Donnell has been confirmed as the eighth contestant on this year's Strictly Come Dancing.
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested a man who supplied the toxic alcohol which has killed more than 100 people in the city of Mumbai.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of a man found dead at his home in East Sussex.
A fishing boat master has appeared in court almost four years after a crewman was lost overboard off Anglesey.
Military personnel and police vans are being drafted in to help ambulance services affected by a public service workers strike on Monday.
The Conservatives' Alison Hernandez has been elected as Devon and Cornwall's police and crime commissioner.
First Great Western rail workers have voted to support strike action over plans to axe guards and buffet cars on new Hitachi Inter City Express trains.
Road rage killer Kenneth Noye has been refused a move to an open prison over fears for public safety.
Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State (IS) say they have recaptured a strategically important hilltop west of Kobane on Syria's border with Turkey.
Champions Celtic beat Hearts to become the first team to complete a Scottish top-flight season unbeaten for 118 years.
Guiseley turned impending defeat into victory against Torquay at Nethermoor Park with two late goals.
A Liverpool team meeting after recent defeats had a key role in their FA Cup win at Blackburn, according to manager Brendan Rodgers.
Asian shares were mixed on Wednesday as investors remained cautious ahead of US growth data and the outcome of the Federal Reserve meeting.
England's former world champion Laura Massaro is through to the semi-finals of the British Open in her first tournament after a break from squash.
Uefa has opened a formal investigation into Paris St-Germain as part of its "ongoing monitoring" of clubs under financial fair play (FFP) regulations.
Police and environmentalists are in a stand off at a County Antrim forest where an oil company plans to drill a well.
Cristiano Ronaldo says he will be fit to play in Saturday's Champions League final against Atletico Madrid after limping out of training on Tuesday.
South Africa has barred controversial US pastor Steven Anderson from visiting the county because of his critical remarks about homosexuality.
A college that owns a building used by squatters as a homeless shelter has said it is "investigating all options", including legal action.
A police officer threw a "sickie" three times in order to watch horse racing, a misconduct hearing has been told.
Mikhail Lesin, the Russian media figure found dead in a Washington hotel room in November, made his name in PR and advertising in the 1990s.
The headless, mutilated body of a gay Syrian man has been identified by gay housemates in Istanbul who say he had been gang-raped previously.
Chester have signed Gateshead striker Nyal Bell on loan until 7 January.
Worcestershire all-rounder Brett D'Oliveira has signed a new three-year deal, tying him to New Road until 2018.
A 79-year old Colombian man has become the first person in the country to die legally by euthanasia.
The way we look at the tides - and going to the seaside in parts of Wales  - could be changed forever.
Hundreds of people have given their backing to plans for same-sex couples to be legally recognised in Guernsey.
Belgium has extradited Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam to face trial in France.
The son of a man murdered at home five months ago has said his family is "demoralised" by the apparent lack of progress in the investigation.
All photographs by Mustafa Saeed
Wigan Athletic rescued a late point through Craig Davies to deny Birmingham City a second consecutive victory.
A vicar and his daughter will face no further action following the death of a baby boy in Lancashire.
David Moyes thinks the Scottish FA did the right thing by retaining Gordon Strachan as national head coach.
Former Olympian Ron Hill has completed his ambitious goal of running at least a mile a day for 50 years.
Mickey Mouse and other Disney characters have shown up on stage in North Korea in a concert for leader Kim Jong-un, raising some eyebrows.
Holyrood's health and sport committee has launched an inquiry into barriers to accessing sport in Scotland.
Teenager Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan, who was shot in the head by the Taliban, has become the youngest person ever to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
Sean Kelly scored a rare goal as AFC Wimbledon put their disappointing festive period behind them and came from behind to beat Oxford 2-1.
Ed Miliband has made a plea for people to come out and vote on 7 May, claiming the race to govern "is going to be one of the closest we've ever seen".
Great Britain and Ireland ended a 16-year wait for Curtis Cup glory by beating the United States.
Athletics' annual awards ceremony has been cancelled by the sport's governing body in the wake of investigations into former president Lamine Diack.
The first person in the UK to have a double hand transplant has written a letter of thanks to his surgeon, nine months after his pioneering operation.
Researchers have created the first high-resolution 3D digital model of the human brain, which they have called "Big Brain".
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has told Leeds Fans United he no longer wishes to sell them his majority stake in the club.
An NHS hospital nurse who supplied a man with prescription drugs taken from her workplace has been jailed for what a judge called "despicable" crimes.
A photo of Pope Francis has gone viral on social media after he was captured in a classic rapper pose during a visit to the Central African Republic (CAR).
Prince Henrik of Denmark will not be buried next to his wife Queen Margrethe, royal officials say, with the prince unhappy at never being designated her equal.
Sometimes living in Wales it is too easy to look around and conclude there are simply "rich" areas and "poor" areas.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog wedi galw ar bobl i bwyllo yn y ffrae chwerw dros y penderfyniad i newid statws iaith ysgol gynradd yn Sir Gaerfyrddin.
Yeovil and Exeter played out an uninspiring goalless draw at Huish Park.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has praised Henrikh Mkhitaryan's fighting qualities in adapting to his summer move to Old Trafford.
Italian President Giorgio Napolitano has pardoned a US Air Force colonel convicted in absentia over the rendition of an Egyptian imam in 2003.
LCC, the Cookstown-based energy firm, has bought the Cloghan Point oil terminal near Carrickfergus in a multi-million pound deal.
Rovio, the Finnish maker of the Angry Birds game, is being sued by a licensing company for infringing its patents.
Eyewitnesses have described the scene as a vintage jet crashed while performing at an air show in West Sussex.
"There's a certain beauty and majesty to Wimbledon - the elegance, the way the grass looks on TV."
Bernie Ecclestone should step down as Formula 1 supremo, says BBC chief F1 pundit Eddie Jordan.
In May, a dozen university students showed up for dinner at Goldman Sachs' office in Singapore's business district.
The first students in Wales have received their results for the new-look GCSE maths exams.
Google has detailed its plan to run a mobile phone network in the US.
The court hearing for a former French Foreign Legion commander arrested at a banned anti-Islam rally in Calais has been delayed until 12 May.
A property development company belonging to the Westlife singer Shane Filan has been placed in receivership in the Republic of Ireland.
Southport have signed defender Euan Murray from fellow National League club Barrow on a deal until the end of the season.
Sunderland defender Lamine Kone has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Fourteen NHS trusts in England have been investigated as part of a review into higher-than-expected hospital death rates.
The RSPCA is trying to find a man who was caught on CCTV kicking a cat "very hard" into the air.
A man accused of killing his parents and older brother in a frenzied axe attack in Stellenbosh in South Africa has pleaded not guilty to murder.
Great Britain's Lizzie Broughton has won silver at the Canoe Sprint World Cup in Portugal.
A long-forgotten medieval carol has been set to music for the first time in 500 years as part of an exhibition about monks at Battle Abbey.
The state-owned Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation (ZBC) has fired almost 300 employees, including managers and journalists, state-run media report.
The Scottish government has called on the Home Office to reconsider the case of an American percussionist who is at risk of being deported from Scotland.
Airlines have suspended flights from the UK to Sharm el-Sheikh for at least the next two weeks.
Women managers in Wales are effectively working for free for nearly an hour every day, a professional body claims.
More than 20 koi carp have died at a Swansea indoor rainforest attraction.
Bats provide a service worth an estimated US $1bn (Â£649m) globally by controlling pests on corn crops, a study has suggested.
Facing Manchester United at Old Trafford is a daunting task for most sides, so it would be understandable if Swansea City, deep in relegation strife, travelled there on Sunday with some trepidation.
The number of social housing tenants who have had their homes repossessed has risen by 12% in the past year, a charity has said.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley has described missing out on a top-six finish as a "massive blow".
Theresa May's Â£1bn deal with the Democratic Unionist Party to back her minority government has been branded "a bung" and "shabby" by opposing parties.
The Hindhead Tunnel has been closed in both directions owing to what police believe is a "technical fault".
The governor of California has declared a state of emergency in a suburb of Los Angeles over the leaking of methane gas from an underground storage field.
Plans to ban smoking in school and hospital grounds and playgrounds in Wales should also extend to outside all nurseries, GP practices, playing fields and sports grounds, a health promotion body has told AMs.
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland could take charge of New Zealand one day, says Sir Graham Henry.
The media have greater freedoms than in some other Central Asian states, but officials dictate editorial policy at the state media and obstruct critical outlets.
Formula 1 pre-season testing reached its halfway point in Barcelona on Thursday evening and one thing is abundantly clear - Mercedes are once again in formidable shape.
Three East Midlands' police forces have agreed to share some staff including assistant chief constables in a move to cut costs.
Arsenal continued their fine home record against Tottenham by handing their north London rivals a first defeat of the season.
Child migrants from the Calais "Jungle" camp will not face dental checks in the UK to verify their age, the government has insisted.
Political parties have been reacting to a poll suggesting that 53% of voters in Scotland would back independence if there was another referendum.
The perpetrators of a recent cyber-attack that disrupted businesses across the world appear to have accessed the ransom payments they raised.
New curbs on foreign workers and students may be needed to "change the tide" of public opinion on immigration, Home Secretary Amber Rudd has said.
MPs have overwhelmingly rejected a bid to suspend fracking for shale gas.
Great Britain women will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the Olympic rugby sevens after beating Fiji 26-7 in the last eight at Rio 2016.
The Bank of England has cut its 2015 growth forecast from 2.9% to 2.5%, and for next year from 2.9% to 2.6%, as governor Mark Carney unveiled his quarterly inflation report.
The coalition has dropped plans for a crucial vote on its plans to reform the House of Lords after it faced likely defeat over the issue.
The company behind a proposed large-scale pig farm in Derbyshire has hit out at "misleading" claims surrounding its plans.
Lionel Messi was inspired as Barcelona beat Alaves to secure the Copa del Rey for the third year running and give coach Luis Enrique a winning send-off.
The UK Independence Party (UKIP) will "significantly and perhaps dramatically outperform" expectations in Thursday's election, a spokesman has predicted.
It is likely to prove to be one of the biggest challenges this year.
As Scotland decides whether to become an independent nation, some financiers are asking themselves what this could mean for two of the oldest money centres in the world: London and Edinburgh.
India's iconic Taj Mahal has been threatened in recent weeks by insect poo - environmentalists say that bugs from the polluted Yamuna river nearby are invading the monument, leaving greenish-black patches of waste on its pristine white marble walls.
A woman has been acquitted of assaulting a baby boy to the danger of his life.
Scotland ended a 10-year winless streak against France to record back-to-back Six Nations victories for the first time in three years.
Wing Semesa Rokoduguni is set to make his first England appearance since 2014 against Fiji at Twickenham on Saturday.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has dismissed as "trivia" a media row over the treatment of the gay partner of his ambassador to France.
"My philosophy is win at all costs, simple as that."
A Bangladeshi law student who had expressed secular views online has been killed in the capital, Dhaka.
A planning blueprint for Northern Ireland has been published by Environment Minister Mark H Durkan.
Striker Nouha Dicko has signed a new deal which will keep him at Championship club Wolves until 2020.
Andy Murray saw off the threat of Australian rising star Nick Kyrgios with a clinical performance to reach his ninth Wimbledon quarter-final.
The family of the Lockerbie bomber has instructed a Scottish lawyer to apply to have his conviction reviewed.
A glitch on Google Maps has located the Brecon Beacons in the heart of London.
The International Cricket Council will not send umpires to Pakistan to officiate in their upcoming limited-overs series against Zimbabwe because of security concerns.
Up to 30,000 police officers might have come into contact with asbestos at training facilities, the Metropolitan Police have said.
Cameroon will be driven by the memory of Marc Vivien-Foe when they contest the Confederations Cup for the first time since the midfielder's death.
Text on Bristol Labour Party's website has been replaced by with attack on Jeremy Corbyn and his supporters.
(Close): US stocks were little changed on Thursday ahead of crucial jobs data which are expected to give more insight into whether there will be an interest rate cut by the end of the year.
Heathrow Airport has unveiled three options for a new runway, saying each one would be "quicker and cheaper" than plans for a rival hub airport.
Leicester City have named caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare as their permanent manager on a three-year deal.
Theresa May said the UK could become "the global leader in free trade" as she faced calls to clarify the government's post-Brexit vision.
The mythical dragon has been associated with Wales for more than a millennium and famously graces the national flag.
Fifa's report into allegations of corruption during the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has been questioned - by the man who investigated claims of wrongdoing.
A memoir apparently written by a Canadian serial killer has been withdrawn within hours of appearing for sale online.
Officials in Kabul say police killed four Taliban suicide bombers during an attack on a compound housing foreign workers in the Afghan capital.
A new Parliamentary map outlining plans to cut the number of Welsh MPs by more than a quarter has been published.
South Africa's national broadcaster SABC has brought in a new quota system, requiring 90% of the music played on its 18 radio stations to be homegrown.
The first military plane carrying Syrian refugees to be resettled in Canada has arrived in the country.
Highly rated sprinter Zharnel Hughes has been ruled eligible to compete for Team GB.
On Friday, voters in the Republic of Ireland could make history by introducing same-sex marriage by the ballot box rather than by a parliamentary vote or a judge's decision.
The introduction of the controversial new 'halo' cockpit head protection system into Formula 1 hinges on a critical meeting to be held on Thursday.
We last saw them having the time of their lives in Dirty Dancing, 1987's sleeper hit about finding love, coming of age and learning to mambo.
The energy watchdog Ofgem has proposed adding a small levy to bills to ensure that consumers do not lose out if their supplier goes bust.
Martin Canning has dismissed as mind games Inverness counterpart Richie Foran's suggestion that the relegation pressure is on Hamilton Academical.
The tiny island of Raasay is to have it first legal whisky distiller.
A ban on female army officers in Turkey wearing the Muslim headscarf has been lifted by the government.
Former Argentina and Fiorentina striker Gabriel Batistuta has revealed he struggles to walk after his 17 years in football.
The "wicked" fiance of children's author Helen Bailey, who murdered her and dumped her body in a cesspit, has been jailed for 34 years.
Opener Arun Harinath hit an unbeaten century as promoted Surrey avoided the prospect of an innings defeat on day three against Notts at Trent Bridge.
A charity has defended its decision to invite Scotland's only Conservative MP to open a new foodbank.
A Northern Ireland football fan has died in an accident in France.
A senior detective accused of raping a woman after a Christmas party has said in court he "never forced myself on anyone".
A 14-year-old girl from Leeds has been named as a victim of the Manchester Arena bomb attack.
Sark needs to improve the health of its democracy, says an election observer after the last election was scrapped.
The fire that partially destroyed a 16th Century hall in Manchester was arson, police have said.
Have you ever thought about using a smartphone to control your central heating?
Gary Neville's Valencia suffered a humiliating defeat as they were crushed by Barcelona in the Copa del Rey semi-final first leg at the Nou Camp.
England Under-21 defender Danny Rose called for Serbia to be banned after claiming he was racially abused by fans in Krusevac.
A legal challenge over the UK leaving the EU will be heard by the High Court in October, two judges have decided.
Bus drivers and other workers for First Leeds are to stage an indefinite strike in a worsening row over pay.
A woman who falsely accused her fiance's boss of a sex attack was given an 18-month suspended sentence for perverting the course of justice.
The former director of a Newry food company which was at the centre of the horsemeat scandal has said his firm did nothing wrong.
An ex-convict suspected in the death of Colorado's prisons chief shed a parolee monitoring device days before the murder, officials have said.
Road tunnels through Birmingham city centre will be closed overnight for five weeks for "remedial works" and "structural inspections", the council has said.
Wales could have 200 fewer police officers than it should by 2021 due to a shortfall of up to £10m in training cash, police chiefs have claimed.
A walker said he encountered soldiers making a plea for water on the day two reservists died during SAS selection training in the Brecon Beacons.
In Ireland, dead babies have been buried in the coffins of adults to whom they were not related, according to Irish broadcaster, RTÉ.
The Forth Road Bridge and I have a sort of affinity.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a woman and two children were found at a flat in the Toxteth area of Liverpool.
Health ministers from 11 West African countries have adopted a common strategy to fight a deadly Ebola outbreak in the region.
From throwing an egg at Winston Churchill, to a huge suffrage march in Edinburgh, to the horrors of force-feeding, Scotland's suffragettes and the more gradualist suffragists were an important part of the fight for women's votes.
D-Day veterans have received France's highest military decoration on a French warship in Plymouth.
Leinster make eight changes to their starting line-up for Friday's Pro12 meeting with Edinburgh.
Badminton Scotland has called for government intervention after UK Sport confirmed funding cuts to seven sports.
Christmas party selfies and other social media posts about festive nights out could alert thieves to unoccupied homes, police have warned.
A pair of bronze plaques have been stolen from a prehistoric monument in Wiltshire.
A suspected sex offender may have groomed teenagers before being arrested owing to "significant delays" by Nottinghamshire Police, a report found.
The family of Masterchef contestant Helen Barker have paid tribute to "a talented artist" after she was found dead at her home in Wiltshire.
An inquest into the 1976 Kingsmills massacre has been adjourned until later this month.
Councils in the east of England feel forced to back plans for homes because they are "frightened" to reject them, a BBC investigation has found.
The man who brought Daniel Sturridge through the ranks at Manchester City hopes to finally see the striker fulfil his potential at new club Liverpool.
A £50m project to attract world-class scientists and their teams to Wales has made its first appointment.
A dog sentenced to death after eating his owner's body has been given a stay of execution after a judge granted a judicial review.
Nicole Kidman fans may want to head to the French Riviera next month - the star is in four productions that will be shown at the Cannes Film Festival.
Hibernian head coach Alan Stubbs said referee Alan Muir got a "huge call" wrong in denying his side a penalty in their Premiership play-off semi-final first leg.
The controller of BBC One has said she is committed to taking risks on the channel, with every new programme being required to "break the mould".
Ofcom, the telecoms regulator, said on Friday that BT had agreed to "legally separate" Openreach - the division that owns and operates the UK's broadband network.
A machete has been recovered after a suspected knife fight broke out at a shopping centre on Boxing Day.
The Philippines is holding a day of mourning for 44 police commandos killed in a clash with Muslim rebels.
A police officer who advertised himself as a male prostitute while off sick from work has been sacked.
Mozambique has started to evacuate some 55,000 people after heavy rains caused sea levels to rise to dangerous levels in parts of the country, officials say.
Four ex-serviceman attempting to row across the Atlantic have been hit by severe sickness since setting off.
The daughter of a British diver who died while exploring a World War One shipwreck off the coast of Spain has paid tribute to her "caring" father.
Greece's economy minister has spelled out the terms of new proposals to end deadlock on its debt crisis, amid hopes a deal can now be struck this week.
It's not just Iain Duncan Smith who's angry.
Labour MPs are expected to announce a challenge to Jeremy Corbyn's leadership after a motion of no confidence in him was supported by three-quarters of the parliamentary party.
Hollywood actor Harrison Ford has become the latest member of a Shropshire flying club.
Boston has been selected by the United States Olympic Committee as its candidate city to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Watford striker Odion Ighalo has signed a new five-year deal.
Testing pregnant women's blood for disorders in unborn children promises dramatic advances in medicine, researchers have said.
Boris Johnson is to share the foreign secretary's official country residence with Cabinet colleagues David Davis and Liam Fox, Downing Street has announced.
Frank Lampard and Andrea Pirlo have not joined New York City FC just for the money, according to the club's sporting director Claudio Reyna.
Fermanagh boss Pete McGrath hands a championship debut to Conor Murphy for Saturday evening's Ulster Football opener against Monaghan.
Twenty-six men held hostage by Somali pirates for nearly five years have been released, international mediators say.
Northern Irish golf star Rory McIlroy has broken off his engagement with tennis player Caroline Wozniacki.
A man has appeared in court accused of murdering two women within minutes of each other in separate attacks.
Apple sold fewer iPhones than a year ago in the first three months of 2017, the company said in its latest results.
Goalkeeper David Button says Fulham can not afford to be complacent as they target a Championship play-off place.
A man has admitted a charge of attempted murder after a shopkeeper's neck was cut during a robbery at his premises.
Durham beat Nottinghamshire by six wickets to secure their third Championship win of 2015 and continue their good start to the season.
A coroner has rejected a request to rule that neglect played a part in the deaths of 30 Britons killed in the Tunisia resort attack in 2015.
Belfast man Patrick Huston was beaten by Korea's Ku Bonchan at the last-16 stage in the men's individual archery at the Olympic Games on Wednesday.
DJ Rita Ray looks at some of the best recent music releases from Morocco - and why some North African musicians are seeking inspiration further south.
The organisers of the Mid Antrim 150 have applied for an early April date as they seek to resurrect the national road race in 2016.
Two men who set off a canister in a fast-food restaurant have been jailed for 10 months each.
US particle physicists are inching closer to determining why the Universe exists in its current form, made overwhelmingly of matter.
Britain's exit from the European Union has been plunged into uncertainty.
Shares in Deutsche Bank continued to fall on Tuesday, despite assurances from the bank that its balance sheet was "rock solid".
Australia's first party representing Muslims intends to contest senate seats at the next federal election.
A coalition of charities and businesses is calling on world leaders to make tackling illiteracy a global priority.
League Two side Morecambe have signed former Shrewsbury midfielder Darren McKnight on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
Burnley midfielder Dean Marney has signed a new two-year contract until 2017 with Championship side Burnley.
Two people who died in a four-vehicle crash have been named by police.
Barclays has put aside another £800m, largely to cover potential further legal action and penalties for alleged foreign exchange manipulation.
Former world champion Paulie Malignaggi has left his role as Conor McGregor's sparring partner in the build-up to the Irishman's bout with Floyd Mayweather.
Bosses at an NHS trust failed hundreds of breast cancer patients, an independent report has found.
Sebastian Vettel's swerve into title rival Lewis Hamilton at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix was like an "instant red card" offence in football, according to former F1 team owner Eddie Jordan.
The Mexican authorities say they have arrested the son of one of the country's most wanted drug lords.
Sir Cliff Richard and the BBC have agreed to try to reach a settlement over coverage of a police raid on the singer's home.
Three peregrine falcon chicks have gone missing from a nest in North Yorkshire, sparking a police investigation.
Southern has added 89 trains to Thursday's timetable after the RMT union suspended a five-day conductors' strike and agreed to new negotiations.
Four Irish language organisations in Northern Ireland are to lose key funding under a rationalisation plan.
Doncaster Rovers have re-signed Aston Villa midfielder Riccardo Calder on a half-season loan.
A former church minister and DUP adviser accused of secretly filming a colleague for sexual gratification has been found guilty of the offence.
A confidential whistleblowing line for NHS staff in Scotland has been extended for a year.
Paul O'Grady says "it was a shock" when he first filmed the upcoming revived version of Blind Date.
The Roses match between Yorkshire and Lancashire ended in a tie after rain brought their T20 Blast contest at Old Trafford to an early conclusion.
BBC One's tense thriller The Night Manager averaged 6.6m viewers for its final episode, beating ITV's Our Queen at 90 by one million viewers to win the Easter weekend TV battle.
Crystal Palace defender Pape Souare will be out for up to six months after breaking his thighbone in a car crash, says manager Alan Pardew.
The owner of Argos and Homebase, Home Retail Group, has warned that its full-year underlying profits are set to fall below market expectations.
A bronze statue commemorating murdered schoolgirl Sarah Payne that was stolen from her primary school in Surrey has been found.
A woman who was sexually abused by a lay vicar in Sussex says she was "completely failed" by the former Archbishop of Canterbury George Carey.
It is "immoral" for the government to refuse to deal with Troubles legacy problems unless welfare reform is agreed, a former watchdog has said.
An experimental and unlicensed cancer drug has been fast-tracked to NHS patients under a new government scheme.
The US military says it has carried out air strikes against the al-Qaeda-linked Khorasan group in north-western Syria.
Wales boss Warren Gatland will use the injuries to Rhys Webb and Leigh Halfpenny to galvanise his side, says England defence coach Andy Farrell.
Midfielder Sean McConville has signed a new deal with Accrington Stanley until the summer of 2018.
An MP who backed moves to scrap Parliament's centuries-old tradition of printing laws on calf skin has admitted he "made a mistake".
There was "no cheque book" involved in the assurances given to Nissan ahead of its decision to boost UK production, Business Secretary Greg Clark has said.
Fugitive Mexican drugs lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered face and leg injuries as he narrowly evaded a police operation to recapture him, officials have confirmed.
A Leeds-based hacker used a notorious piece of malware called BlackShades to spy on people via their webcams.
The Football Association of Ireland (FAI) has released the timeline of its controversial multi-million-euro deal with Fifa to stop a legal battle.
Changing the school week to four longer days and a half day could save money, a report has said.
The World Health Organization says it is confident that deaths from malaria could be stopped entirely.
"When Professor Dumbledore from Harry Potter likes the story, you know you're in business."
Almost nine million cigarettes hidden inside packages labelled as containing wooden flooring have been seized at a port on the River Humber.
Up to 350 Tube passengers were forced to walk through London underground tunnels after being evacuated from a train, Transport for London (TfL) said.
There is still too much ignorance about HIV and Aids, David Cameron has said, as figures suggest 25,000 people in the UK have the virus but do not know.
Four-time winner John Higgins says opponent Mark Selby is the "big favourite" for the World Championship final, which starts on Sunday.
Seifeddine Rezgui, the Tunisian man who killed 38 people at the beach resort of Sousse, is thought to have been trained in Libya, security sources say.
The first minister has said she believes technology could be used to control the border with the Republic of Ireland following Brexit.
Japanese shares rose on Wednesday, despite news of disappointing export growth last month.
Marriage appears to be good for your health, boosting your survival chances if you have a major heart risk factor such as high cholesterol, say researchers.
Restrictions on hundreds of Welsh and Cumbrian sheep farms dating back to the Chernobyl nuclear disaster have finally been lifted - 26 years on.
UK regulators have given the green light to plans for a 400-mile subsea power cable linking Scotland and Norway.
UK astronaut Tim Peake described his first walk in space as "exhilarating", as he posted photos - including a selfie - of the feat on Twitter.
A busy Manchester road which partly collapsed when a sinkhole appeared is to remain closed for at least 10 days.
The EFL Cup is a "total rip-off" for fans because Premier League managers field weakened teams, says former England winger Chris Waddle.
Schools in England will have less to spend per pupil over the next five years, no matter who wins the election, the Institute for Fiscal Studies says.
The US has announced that it has killed a number of leading Islamic State (IS) militants in the past week, including the purported second-in-command.
Cocktail sausages believed to have been stuffed with toxic slug pellets have been found at a popular dog-walking spot in East Sussex.
David Cameron has been challenged to say whether a project to electrify rail lines between London and Swansea will be completed by 2018.
Wales will rise to a new high of eighth when the next Fifa world rankings are released on 1 October.
Three people have been arrested by police investigating the alleged misuse of electronic tags used to monitor criminals.
Strike-hit rail operator Southern has warned passengers not to travel on Tuesday, irrespective of the outcome of a last-ditch bid to halt a walkout.
Sam Hain's unbeaten 89 helped holders Warwickshire race to a 10-wicket victory over Northants in a rain-affected One-Day Cup match.
Bank of Scotland has unveiled the design of its new £10 polymer note, which is due to enter circulation in the autumn.
It's the debate of the year so far - well - on Twitter at least and has been the top trending topic worldwide.
A Dutch international volleyball player travelled to Milton Keynes and raped a 12-year-old girl he met on Facebook.
Gold medal weightlifter Catrin Jones has opened a £125,000 extension at the Holyhead and Anglesey weightlifting and fitness centre.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro insists his players have a full understanding of the size and magnitude of the club they represent.
Nigeria's president has promised to bring terrorism under control, during a visit to the scene of Friday's bombing at the UN's headquarters in Abuja.
Eric the robot is no ordinary robot.
Lewis Hamilton says being presented with one of Ayrton Senna's helmets for equalling the Brazilian's pole record means more to him than any trophy.
Colleges across Scotland are reporting strong demand from sporting estates for newly-trained gamekeepers.
Former Olympic and world champion Bode Miller will miss the remainder of the Alpine World Ski Championships after having surgery on a torn hamstring.
A man who threw sulphuric acid into the face of a shop worker outside a cinema has been jailed for eight years.
Six US prisoners are being rewarded for saving a prison officer who had suffered a suspected heart attack.
A prison officer has had his neck slashed by an inmate at a prison on Merseyside, the BBC understands.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first official visit to India moves on to New Delhi.
Exeter City have signed former Plymouth Argyle top scorer Reuben Reid.
Newport Gwent Dragons enjoyed a comfortable bonus-point win in Pau to edge one step closer to reaching the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
Craig Whyte's takeover of Rangers was sealed with a pound coin being tossed across a table in Sir David Murray's office, a court has heard.
Britain's Andy Murray swept past Kei Nishikori to reach the final of the Rogers Cup in Montreal and guarantee a return to second in the world rankings.
The partner of a man who took his own life in Maghaberry Prison while on remand for the murder of his father has criticised the care he received.
A man has admitted killing his baby son in a "harrowing incident" at his home in East Kilbride.
BT has condemned "excessive" new business rates, which it says will push up the cost of broadband services.
Everything Everywhere, the company that runs Orange and T-Mobile in the UK has said that it will cut 1,200 jobs.
A security alert at an Army base in Lisburn in County Antrim has ended.
Flavia Pennetta beat fellow Italian Roberta Vinci to win her first Grand Slam title at the US Open, and then announced her retirement.
Women exposed to cigarette smoke while in their mothers' wombs are more likely to experience miscarriage as adults, according to a study.
Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with an attempted murder outside a shop in Fife.
British number four Naomi Broady won her first match at a Grand Slam as she came from a set down to beat Hungary's Timea Babos at Wimbledon.
The popular online games Moshi Monsters and Bin Weevils have found themselves in trouble for putting unfair pressure on children to make in-game purchases.
Flights between Cardiff and London City airports will continue while demand exists, the airline Flybe has said.
The winner of the best joke award at this year's Edinburgh Festival Fringe, Ken Cheng, shares five tips on how to be funnier, be it on stage or just in front of a group of friends.
Politicians are often accused of talking rubbish, but when it comes to Thursday's local election that may well do them some favours.
Persuading the public to spend their holiday in a 12-storey building on the edge of the M42 may seem like a tough task for the people behind Resorts World in Birmingham.
France will begin its troop withdrawal from Afghanistan in July and complete it by the end of the year, French President Francois Hollande has said.
The governor of a prison where an inmate was found hanged in his cell has admitted "checks failed".
All 11 senior judges of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom will decide the most significant British constitutional question for years - whether the government has the power to trigger Article 50 of the EU Lisbon Treaty to begin Brexit.
The UK will not enter into "a briefing war" with the European Commission over Brexit talks, Tory sources have said.
Saudi Arabia has turned down a non-permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council, accusing the world body of "double standards".
Two men have been arrested after a woman was stabbed in the back as she walked in a busy shopping street.
Almost two-thirds of people aged over 75 have never gone online, suggest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Logs have been embedded into the grass at a huge city park in Edinburgh in a bid to encourage insects and other wildlife to the area.
A body representing health professionals in Scotland has said major changes are needed to address "systemic failures" in the NHS.
A head teacher has defended excluding 72 students from regular classes for not complying with uniform rules.
A family has paid tribute to a "very special" 66-year-old man who died in a crash near Mold, Flintshire.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister has described the political situation at Stormont as "very grave" due to the row over welfare reform.
More than 50 firefighters have tackled a blaze at a Soho nightclub.
A leading expert in Huntington's disease has described the service for patients in Northern Ireland as being seriously overwhelmed.
Health warnings have been issued for parts of England, as air pollution reaches high levels.
The Irish health authorities have begun an investigation following the death in hospital of a newborn baby.
A prisoner has died and two others were critically injured in a stabbing at HMP Pentonville, leading to claims the prison system is in a "dark place".
The last British resident to be held in Guantanamo Bay has landed in the UK, having been detained for 13 years.
A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of murdering a teenager outside his school gate.
A 16-year-old girl has been found after hiking to safety from the scene of a plane crash in a mountainous area of the north-western US.
Japan's lawmakers have approved a crucial bill that will ensure that the government does not run out of money at the end of this month.
If you're the parent of a budding Darcey Bussell or Benedict Cumberbatch you'll know how quickly the bills start flooding in from drama teachers, singing coaches and dance schools.
Dozens of people were arrested after police in riot gear were deployed ahead of a football match in Nuneaton.
RAF Cosford in Shropshire could sell its training expertise to the business community if the government moves its defence operations.
Late Beastie Boys member Adam Yauch has used his will to stop people from using his music or image in advertising.
A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences.
The De La Salle religious order moved a serial sex abuser to Africa, in 1982, despite being aware of his crimes at a boys home in County Down.
Former journalist Ian Bailey, who had sued the Irish state for wrongful arrest for murder, has lost his case.
French engine expert Gilles Simon has left his role as a consultant to Honda's struggling Formula 1 programme.
Three police community support officers were in for a shock while on patrol in a leafy Greater Manchester suburb - an old man carrying a giant crocodile.
Eighteen-time Grand Slam champion Martina Navratilova has renewed her call for the Margaret Court Arena to be renamed - describing the Australian as a "racist and a homophobe".
The jury in the Liam Fee murder trial has been sent home until Monday.
The US state of Utah has become the first to declare pornography a public health risk in a move its governor says is to "protect our families and our young people".
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani considers Nigerians' tendency to forgive past misdemeanours and what it means for the country's new president.
The pay of directors' at FTSE 100 firms has reached "stratospheric" levels, according to a trade union body.
A third British footballer has been convicted by an Australian court of helping fix matches for a global betting syndicate.
Three people were taken to hospital after a car ploughed into a large group of people outside a north London pub.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has revealed former boss Sir Alex Ferguson has been back to the club's Carrington training ground several times this season.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has unveiled his unity cabinet more than three months after he was sworn in.
The world's largest uncut diamond has failed to sell at a London auction after bids did not reach the minimum reserve price.
China says it will build a school in the disputed Paracel Islands, boosting its presence in waters also claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
The Bishop of Kensington has called for locals to be closely involved in the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry.
Gloucester remains a Conservative minority administration after every party held their seats in the local elections.
League One side Chesterfield have parted company with boss Dean Saunders after just six months in charge.
The UK's Natural History Museum has said it may hold Zimbabwean human remains in its collection.
There is no evidence that a man killed during a north Belfast riot 46 years ago was holding an explosive device when he was shot, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been pulled from a canal in Surrey.
From a desert airbase in the United Arab Emirates, a Royal Australian Air Force Orion surveillance plane taxis along the tarmac.
Plans to build eight new wind turbines in the far south-west of Scotland have been rejected by councillors.
British duo Chris and Gabby Adcock have reached the All-England Championships semi-finals for the first time.
More than half a million people have now fled the conflict in Syria to neighbouring countries, according to the UN's refugee agency.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is experiencing the dark night of the political soul.
One of nine Britons detained in Turkey for allegedly trying to cross illegally into Syria has been named as the son of a Labour councillor.
A teenager has died after a one-car crash on a road north of Dundee.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Newcastle for the annual Pride event.
A pipe bomb blast has caused damage to four vehicles in Armagh, police have said.
Coal and gas mining continue to encroach on some of Australia's best farmland, pitting miners against farmers and creating a deep rift between the parties of the nation's ruling Conservative coalition.
Tony Andreu was at the heart of Dundee United's win in Jack Ross' first game in charge of St Mirren.
Downing Street has defended plans to change access to disability benefits, saying that "nobody is losing out".
David Gourlay is to step down from his role as Bowls Scotland head coach after leading his team to four medals at this summer's Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has laughed off speculation about his health after making his first appearance in public since 5 March.
The political battle between President Barack Obama and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is now fully joined.
Thirty-seven people have been arrested in eastern China over a huge vaccine scandal, state media report.
A police officer and police dog have been injured while responding to a report of a stolen car in Glasgow.
England boss Gareth Southgate must establish an identity for the national side, says Paul Scholes.
Reece Thompson's second-half goal handed North Ferriby their first ever away win in the fifth tier as they beat struggling Gateshead.
Wales boss Chris Coleman has dismissed the idea of Wales being part of a Team GB football side at the 2020 Olympics.
A severed head found in a Cambridgeshire quarry last month has been identified as male, but his identity remains a mystery.
Jay Donnelly scored the only goal as Cliftonville extended their unbeaten league run to six matches and kept up their pursuit of leaders Crusaders.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has received legal claims from victims raped and sexually assaulted by Libyan soldiers training in the UK.
Police in northern Sri Lanka have made a series of arrests which they say are linked to combating terrorism, three years after the separatist Tamil Tigers were defeated.
A councillor in Blackpool, which has England's highest smoking rate among pregnant women, has defended the town's record.
The US army private serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents has thanked President Barack Obama for shortening her sentence.
Health chiefs have warned Dumfries Infirmary is facing "extreme" demand from people with flu-like symptoms and persistent coughs.
Police say the arrests of two men following the seizure of drugs from a car in Belfast have dealt a blow to organised crime.
Billy Root, the younger brother of England captain Joe, has signed his first professional contract, agreeing a two-year deal with Nottinghamshire.
Liverpool's iconic Royal Liver Building has been sold for £48m to Luxembourg-based real estate investment manager Corestate Capital Holding.
Morrisons has named former Tesco director David Potts as its new chief executive.
The Scottish government has been urged to confirm when the new Forth bridge will open.
Scarlets coach Wayne Pivac is hopeful John Barclay will be fit to play for Scotland against Wales in the Six Nations on 25 February.
Two prison officers were shot and killed during an escape on Tuesday morning in the US state of Georgia.
The life of a 19th Century Clackmannanshire baker who went on to become a world authority on botany is to be celebrated.
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5% in the July-September quarter, the Commerce Department has said.
Past midnight on Monday in Mallaig: a boat docks with a cargo of live salmon.
The "whistleblower" behind a series of corruption allegations involving Fifa executive committee members and Qatar's 2022 World Cup bid has told the BBC she fabricated the claims.
The finance ministers of the devolved UK administrations should present joint proposals for improving the way they are funded, a Stormont committee says.
Leaked cabinet letters suggest that the Home Office - when it was being run by Theresa May - wanted the children of illegal immigrants to go to the bottom of the list for school places.
One person has died and 11 others have been injured - two of them critically - after a bus and 4x4 vehicle collided on the A78 in North Ayrshire.
Peterborough United have signed striker Junior Morias from National League South side St Albans for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half year deal.
A man who stabbed his friend to death in an argument about a cannabis joint has been jailed for life.
Two pieces of aircraft debris found on beaches in Mauritius and South Africa almost certainly came from Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, say Malaysian and Australian officials.
Brentford won successive games for the second time in the Championship this season as they edged past Bristol City.
It was a final chance to catch the eye of European Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke before he confirms his three wildcard picks on Tuesday, but things did not quite go as planned for Russell Knox.
Academic and workplace skills will be "equally valued" under plans to replace the university funding body, the Welsh Government has said.
More than 800 roads in Surrey are to be given "pothole proof" coatings over the next three years in an initiative to overhaul more than 300 miles of road.
A naked performance artist who nailed his scrotum to Red Square as a political protest may face up to five years in prison, Russian media report.
A fundraising campaign has begun to try to revive plans to restore a Grade II* listed lido.
For all the talk of North Korea and the controversial THAAD anti-missile system, my recent trip to South Korea left me in no doubt that for most voters, top of their minds going into the country's presidential elections is something far less headline-grabbing: the economy.
An injured dog which was first thought to have been thrown from a car on a busy dual carriageway had probably escaped from home and run across the road, police say.
Stephen Fry has said Crossrail 2 poses a threat to Soho's "authentic soul".
A Dublin woman on trial for assisting a suicide told police she was not present when her friend took a lethal dose of medication, but another friend was.
A zoo was put on lockdown after two adult monkeys escaped from their enclosure in Hampshire.
The youngest MP in the House of Commons has graduated with a first class honours degree in politics from Glasgow University.
The governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, has said that his only message for the white supremacists who brought chaos to the city of Charlottesville is "Go home".
Nottingham Forest were plunged deeper into relegation trouble as Aron Gunnarsson gave Cardiff victory.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of animal cruelty after a dog was attacked on a Lancashire street.
Ex-South Africa batsman Alviro Petersen has been charged with match-fixing, following a lengthy investigation into the domestic Ram Slam T20 Challenge Series competition in 2015.
A former student who secretly filmed women using showers and toilets has been banned from entering female and gender-neutral loos.
Firefighters in Maryland have had to backtrack after blaming a meteorite for a brush fire.
The view from the calm shores of Italy's Lake Como is clear - Mrs May needs to hurry up and make it plain what Brexit means, apart from Brexit.
Weston General Hospital's A&E department closes overnight later because it cannot be staffed safely.
The decision to radically alter the formula for calculating lump sum personal injury payments has shocked the insurance industry.
Films by Spike Lee and Werner Herzog will be among those premiering at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival.
A drunk student died from hypothermia after walking home from a night out in Cheltenham in shirtsleeves in winter, an inquest has heard.
British short track speed skater Elise Christie won 500m gold at the third World Cup event of the season in Shanghai, China.
An investigation has been launched into the attempted murder of two men who had travelled to Edinburgh to buy a car.
Bayern Munich returned to the top of the table as Arjen Robben scored one and set up another against Mainz on his 150th appearance in the Bundesliga.
A blast of ultrasound can help stubborn chronic wounds heal more quickly, a study suggests.
A pedestrian has died in hospital following a road accident in Aberdeen in September.
The former producer of Only Fools and Horses, Gareth Gwenlan, has died at the age of 79.
A crackdown on corruption in China has prompted Australian casino operator Crown Resorts to spin off its international assets into a separate company.
Marc Sneyd scored a hat-trick and kicked eight goals as Hull FC comfortably won at Huddersfield Giants.
A hunter in the US has told the BBC how he shot an 800lb (360kg) alligator that was feasting on his farm's cattle.
Gunmen have launched an attack on a UN camp in Mali, killing a UN peacekeeper, residents and eyewitnesses say.
"It was like a military coup here two months ago when all the government officials ran away," said a white-bearded elder in Kirenowa, as he described how his village in northern-eastern Nigeria came under the control of the Islamist group known as Boko Haram.
Mortgage lending in 2015 was the highest for seven years, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
Eating potatoes or chips on most days of the week may increase a woman's risk of diabetes during pregnancy, say US researchers.
Britain's IBF welterweight champion Kell Brook will challenge undisputed world middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin in London on 10 September.
China and the United States will work together to try to prevent further missile tests by North Korea, US President Barack Obama says.
A UKIP assembly member who made a racial slur about a black MP would have been suspended from the Conservative Party, says the Welsh Tory leader.
A law enforcement chief has apologised for delays in acting on information about possible British paedophiles.
Councillors have refused to renew the licence of the owner and founder of South Lakes Safari Zoo.
Brazilians angered at the 48-hour suspension by a court of the WhatsApp messaging application have been taking to social media.
As Brexit battles continue to rage in Parliament, one UKIP MEP is taking on a Liberal Democrat rival in another arena.
A proposal to build a tunnel through the Peak District, linking Sheffield and Manchester, should be looked at according to the area's MP.
Planning officials have advised refusal for a wind farm the Mountaineering Council of Scotland said would form a "ring of steel" around a Galloway hill.
Archaeologists have discovered three tombs that date back around 2,000 years in southern Egypt.
Fit-again winger Jordan Graham will add an extra dimension to Wolves' attack next season, according to team-mate Richard Stearman.
British sprinter Bernice Wilson has failed in her appeal against a four-year suspension handed out after a positive drugs test in June 2011.
Police are investigating a suspicious package delivered to the office of the SNP's John Nicolson.
For many millions it is an unavoidable ritual, something to be tolerated with as much patience as one can muster because the reward at the end is worth it.
West Ham have joined Burnley in having an offer accepted by Hull for Robert Snodgrass, while Middlesbrough say they have also made a bid.
A Scottish Borders quarry renowned for the quality of its stone could be reopened under plans to extract thousands of tonnes from the site.
Taliban militants in Afghanistan say they are responsible for attacking the house of a member of parliament in Kabul, killing at least five people.
Alesha Dixon is to become the latest celebrity to try her hand at writing books for children.
Northern Ireland needs to act now to prepare for the effects of climate change, a senior government adviser has warned.
Manchester United will not win a trophy this season, and the man heralded as the "Chosen One" on a banner in the Stretford End has made too many poor choices of his own.
A koala has received a police escort to save it from being injured, after it wandered onto a busy road in Brisbane, Australia.
UK retail sales volumes rose strongly in April despite lower spring clothing sales due to the cold weather, official figures show.
British boxer Joshua Buatsi has reached the quarter-finals of the men's Olympic light-heavyweight competition.
BBC News examines key questions surrounding the bitter dispute over the flashpoint religious site at Ayodhya in northern India - in 1992 it prompted some of the country's worst religious violence since partition.
A council ought to have known a grandmother faced "a real and immediate risk of death" from landslides, jurors have said.
Five of Lance Armstrong's former team-mates have received six-month doping bans from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (Usada).
A taskforce to save jobs at the Kwik Fit insurance office in Lanarkshire should be set up "as soon as possible", a local councillor has said.
The MPs on the Culture, Media and Sport committee are clear - our UK broadband strategy is going down the wrong path and BT must shoulder much of the blame.
A huge change in the way people fund their retirement is expected following the chancellor's "pension revolution".
A planned national memorial for the victims of Norwegian extreme-right mass killer Anders Behring Breivik could be postponed as locals and victims' relatives oppose the plan.
Chancellor Philip Hammond may have set a record by scrapping a planned rise in National Insurance for the self-employed less than a week after announcing it - here are some other contenders for quickest political U-turn of recent times.
Great Britain's women will play for bronze after missing out on the hockey gold medal match with a 2-1 loss to Argentina at the Riverbank Arena.
Traders in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have banned the sale of Coca-Cola and Pepsi in favour of local products.
There are not many people who have become multimillionaires as a direct result of misbehaving at school, but Jack Cator is one of them.
Dorset Wildlife Trust says new footage of endangered undulate rays in Studland Bay is "exciting", and could add weight to its campaign to have it made a marine conservation area.
Poland has summoned the US ambassador and demanded an apology over comments on the Holocaust by FBI director James Comey.
What used to be an old slate quarry in Pembrokeshire has once again been transformed into a coliseum for the world's most fearless divers.
More action is needed to recall Whirlpool's fire-risk tumble dryers before someone dies, according to a leading Trading Standards officer.
Evans Cycles has been sold in a deal thought to value the retailer at £100m.
A report has found the value of the River Tweed to the economy of the Borders and North Northumberland has risen to £24m-a-year.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany says it is only a matter of time before the club complete a record haul of four major trophies in a season.
Fifa's report into World Cup corruption is now pointless and a joke, according to English Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Bristol Rovers has abandoned plans to build a new stadium at the University of West of England (UWE).
Matt Fitzpatrick extended his lead to five shots at the Nordea Masters in Stockholm by shooting a four-under-par 68 in Saturday's third round.
Major Tim Peake is getting ready to blast into space to complete his first mission.
An Israeli woman and a baby who returned from Sri Lanka have been kept at Tel Aviv airport since Saturday amid questions over the child's origins.
Graeme McDowell carded a two-under par round of 69 at the opening round of the weather-interrupted Genesis Open.
Edinburgh city council is warning 2,000 jobs could go over the next two years as it seeks to balance its books.
Police have confirmed that a body found on a Fife beach was that of a missing 43-year-old woman.
England's game against Uruguay has been partly blamed for a low turnout in a referendum on plans to build a football stadium and new homes in Lincolnshire.
A 64-year-old woman was threatened by two men with a knife as she closed her beauty salon in Edinburgh.
The Green Party in Wales has been forced to abandon its "Vote Green on Grey" assembly campaign after an error meant postal slips will not be grey.
A man with mounting debts has been found guilty of murdering his parents in their Newcastle home.
A parliament session in Kenya has descended into chaos, with rival MPs trading punches.
A woman died in a collision between a car and a van in Gloucestershire.
Unexpected losses related to international business dragged down first-quarter profits at US defence giant Lockheed Martin.
An unclaimed National Lottery jackpot winning ticket that could earn the winner £33m was bought in the Worcester area, it has been revealed.
The introduction of fees for employment tribunals has stopped thousands of Scots from challenging rogue employers, according to a charity.
Graeme McDowell carded three late bogeys to finish in a tie for 18th at the Wells Fargo Championship in North Carolina on Sunday.
Four men have been jailed following a "pre-planned and orchestrated attack" in which a man was stabbed and left needing life-saving surgery.
Police searching a landfill site for a missing airman have said they are finding "items from the right time" and place of his disappearance.
Reducing the higher rate of income tax in Wales would raise additional revenue by attracting high earners, according to research by Cardiff Business School.
A ruling into a bid by Scotland's top law officer to try to get air accident investigators to hand over the black box from a North Sea helicopter crash is to be issued.
The Duke of Cambridge has laid a wreath to commemorate the Commonwealth war dead at Japan's Yokohama War Cemetery.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson says he extended his Tynecastle contract because he wants to lead the club to the Premiership title.
Chester scored five second-half goals as they recorded their biggest win of the season at home to Dover.
Ding Junhui won the Shanghai Masters for the second time with a 10-6 victory over world champion Mark Selby.
Rangers midfielder Niko Kranjcar hopes to fully recover from a knee injury in time for the start of next season.
A Yorkshire power station that was due to close with the loss of up to 262 jobs has signed a new 12-month contract to supply electricity to the National Grid.
Actor Matthew Perry is claiming that he once "beat up" Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
The 2012 World Club Challenge between English champions Leeds Rhinos and Australian champions Manly Sea Eagles will be played at Headingley.
Barnet have signed winger Luke Coulson from National League side Eastleigh, with left-back Sam Muggleton moving in the opposite direction.
Doctors trialling the use of ketamine to treat depression are calling for the treatment to be rolled out.
Head coach Mark Sampson said his players deserve to be legends after achieving the best placed finish by an England team since the men's side won the World Cup in 1966.
Students at Calcutta's Jadavpur University say they will continue a boycott despite a government vow to set up a panel to investigate a sexual assault on a female student.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged following the discovery of more than £400,000 in cash inside a lorry.
Wales should select the same back row that started against England when they travel to Scotland on Saturday, says ex-captain Martyn Williams.
Scotland has won the International Cricket Council's Best Overall Cricket Development Programme Award for 2015.
More than half the jobs in the solar panel industry in Yorkshire and the Humber are at risk through a government cut in subsidies for householders.
While Western leaders and editorials have condemned North Korea's artillery barrage of its southern neighbour on Tuesday, in China the response has been more muted.
Mario Balotelli scored as Nice beat nine-man Paris St-Germain to leave Monaco firmly in the driving seat for their first Ligue 1 title for 17 years.
A teenager and two 12-year-old boys have been arrested after a man was stabbed and hit with a baseball bat in a street attack.
Lille have offered free entry to women after sexist banners appeared in the home crowd in Saturday's Ligue 1 match at Lyon.
Many more Southern trains than promised are travelling without a second member of staff, the RMT union has claimed.
Michael Conlan will fight little-known American Tim Ibarra in his first professional bout at New York's Madison Square Garden Theater on 17 March.
David Cameron has said the relationship between politicians and the media "must change" and pledged to be more open about meetings with media bosses.
Naturists have branded a decision to deny their bid to extend a section of nudist beach as "old-fashioned".
Fifa chief Sepp Blatter says he is not being investigated by United States authorities - but admitted former colleagues are.
A suspected firearm was found in a car carrying a man who was shot dead in a police operation off the M62, the watchdog the IPCC has said.
After flirting with the idea for the last few weeks, Jeremy Corbyn's confirmed he will take part in the seven-way party leaders' debate tonight in Cambridge.
Chris Higgins scored twice as the Belfast Giants kept up their Elite League title challenge by defeating Coventry Blaze 3-0 on Sunday night.
Northamptonshire opener Ben Duckett has become the first cricketer to win the Professional Cricketers' Association Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year awards in the same year.
Researchers from Germany are developing an artificial nervous system aimed at teaching robots how to feel pain.
Bernie Sanders can now boast four wins in a row and victories in six of the last seven contests for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Yes, in a word.
Annual house price growth has slowed to its lowest rate since January, according to the UK's second largest mortgage lender, the Nationwide.
Police searching for a missing man in Aberdeen have found a body.
The issue of foreign prisoners in England's jails has long been a contentious one.
New rules may be needed to control the use of video taken by dashboard cameras, the AA has warned.
A Welsh Premier League footballer has been banned for tweets he posted after the trial of ex-England international Adam Johnson.
A draft agreement to sell General Motors' European business to PSA, the owner of Peugeot and Citroen, could be signed as early as next week.
A viscount's former personal assistant who embezzled almost £23,000 has been ordered to repay the money or face going to jail.
In the last two weeks Owen Smith has gone from someone who one MP described as "just playing games" to being the official challenger to Jeremy Corbyn.
Chris Froome heads into the Vuelta a Espana looking to create more history by becoming the first British winner of the three-week race.
Plans to build a garden bridge across the River Thames are a step closer after Westminster City Council approved planning permission.
Police are attempting to trace two children who have been missing from the Irvine area of North Ayrshire.
Washington has expelled two Cuban diplomats after US embassy staff in Havana suffered mysterious physical symptoms, the US state department said.
A man has been rescued from a fire in a flat in Glenrothes in Fife.
Rosa Gumataotao Rios is one of the United States' most ubiquitous political figures, yet many people will probably have never heard of her.
The death of Ian Brady, who killed five children with Myra Hindley, features on the front pages of many of today's newspapers.
Photographs showing a kingfisher appearing to hang fish out to dry has baffled experts at a wildlife reserve.
UKIP has chosen its candidate to stand for London Mayor at next year's election.
Manchester United midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan has thanked Jurgen Klopp for the advice that helped him through a tough start to his Old Trafford career.
Barrow have signed versatile defender Ritchie Sutton on loan from National League rivals Tranmere Rovers until the end of the season.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said she has spoken to the chief constable after police used CS spray during a junior Orange Order parade in Belfast.
On-loan Shrewsbury Town midfielder James Wallace has been forced out of action with a knee injury that will cause him to miss the FA Cup fifth-round tie with Manchester United.
World number one and defending champion Serena Williams suffered a shock defeat in the fourth round of the Miami Open.
Lewis Hamilton took an easy win in the Russian Grand Prix to move to the brink of his third world championship.
Two men involved in an explosion at a waste recycling plant in Rotherham in which one of them died were "best friends", police have revealed.
"Significant quantities" of human remains have been discovered at the site of a former mother and baby home in County Galway.
A man who asked police to take his mugshot off their wanted appeal because it was unflattering has been arrested.
The first comprehensive assessment of Europe's crickets and grasshoppers has found that more than a quarter of species are being driven to extinction.
England batsman Gary Ballance has signed a new contract with Yorkshire which will keep him at Headingley until the end of the 2019 season.
League One side Oldham Athletic have signed defender Theo Vassell on a deal until the end of the season.
Twenty people, including three teenage boys, have been charged following a drugs raid in Newport on Wednesday.
Nine Australians arrested for stripping off at the Malaysian Formula One Grand Prix have walked free from a court.
Men who had sex with underage girls could have their convictions overturned if they marry their victims, under a bill due before Turkey's parliament on Tuesday.
Young people who have spent part of their childhood in care have been invited to special Christmas dinners by Manchester poet Lemn Sissay.
Championship club Ipswich Town have signed Macclesfield Town winger Danny Rowe for an undisclosed fee.
Injured Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster has been replaced by club-mate Alex McCarthy for England's World Cup qualifier in Slovakia on Sunday.
Russian police in Sochi are hunting for a woman they fear may be planning to carry out a suicide bomb attack.
A controversial sculpture by Sir Anish Kapoor in the Versailles Palace gardens has been covered in gold leaf to mask anti-Semitic graffiti.
Gone are the days when the January sales season offered a welcome but narrow window for shopaholics to hunt for bargains on the High Street.
A former soldier caught trying to bring a child into the UK has been given a suspended fine by a French court.
The leader of India's main opposition Congress party, Sonia Gandhi, has been discharged from hospital where she had surgery to repair a shoulder injury, doctors say.
More than 40 suspected gang members have been arrested on suspicion of a string of offences including possessing weapons and assault, police said.
Former Northampton Town manager Graham Carr has returned to the club as an associate director.
The number of days lost by West Mercia Police employees through depression or anxiety problems has more than doubled between 2010 and 2014, figures show.
A smartphone app designed to help young people who are dealing with depression and suicidal thoughts has been launched in Inverness.
Ronan Curtis scored an 86th minute equaliser as Derry fought back from two goals down to draw with Dundalk in the FAI Cup semi-final at Oriel Park.
Australia's Test series with India will now begin in Adelaide on 9 December following the death of Phillip Hughes.
A boy who drowned on a family holiday in France has been named.
Denny Johnstone netted a first-half brace as Morton returned to winning ways with victory over Queen of the South.
Ray McKinnon played down suggestions that goalkeeper Cammy Bell is on his way from Dundee United to Kilmarnock.
Tesco has fired the starting gun on an expected sell-off of non-core assets, with the sale of some of its stake in Asian online business Lazada.
Pakistan batsman Younus Khan has announced he will retire after their three-match Test series against West Indies, which starts on 22 April.
Jockey Frankie Dettori rode Enable to victory in the Oaks at Epsom on Friday.
A church run by the popular Nigerian evangelist TB Joshua should be prosecuted after the collapse of one of its buildings, a coroner has ruled.
Fulham have signed Sone Aluko on a two-year contract with the option of a further year.
MPs are set to receive a £7,000 pay rise after the body responsible for setting their pay and expenses stuck by its recommendation for a 10% increase.
There has been shock and outrage in India over the gang rape of a 23-year-old student on a city bus in the capital, Delhi.
On top of a rock formation on the Indonesian island of Bali, sits Tanah Lot.
Scottish nurse Pauline Cafferkey, who contracted Ebola while working in Sierra Leone two years ago, is being investigated over claims she gave dishonest answers while being screened for the deadly disease when she returned to Heathrow Airport.
A police investigation into allegations of child abuse within football has received 130 referrals since it got under way in November.
Video technology was used to correct two wrong decisions as Spain beat France in a friendly in Paris.
Two leading cabinet ministers have said that the UK will not remain in the single market or customs union during the transitional period planned for immediately after leaving the European Union.
US entrepreneur Jeff Bezos has reflown his New Shepard rocket, launching once again a capsule briefly into space.
Around two million people who need a hearing aid do not even realise they have problems, the annual health survey for England suggests.
Councillors are to meet to decide whether a Maori war flag held in the collection of a Scottish Borders museum should be repatriated.
Scientists say tiny ocean plants could play a significant role in the formation of ice in clouds.
A policeman who allegedly approached one of Northern Ireland's most senior judges and threatened to arrest him is to go on trial for contempt of court.
A man has admitted being drunk in charge of a horse and cart.
Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic will meet Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska in the final of the WTA Finals in Singapore on Sunday.
Expansion plans put forward by Newhaven Port have been recommended for approval by Lewes councillors.
Motherwell have received more than 30 applications for the vacant manager's position at Fir Park.
TV personality Debbie McGee, singer Alexandra Burke and Paralympian Jonnie Peacock are the final contestants to be announced for Strictly Come Dancing.
King Henry V's rarely seen Crystal Sceptre is going on public display at the Guildhall in London.
The North East risks losing £900m of investment because of delays approving plans for a directly-elected mayor, the government has warned.
At least 24 people have died in recent days in central Java, Indonesia, from drinking illegally-produced alcohol.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said he was keen to "forge new links across the Atlantic" as he arrived in Cuba for a historic visit.
Scotland's "dramatic open views and vistas" could be threatened by plans to increase woodland cover, according to mountaineers and gamekeepers.
Yachtswoman Dame Ellen MacArthur was cheered on as she ran with the Olympic flame in East Cowes when the torch relay reached the Isle of Wight.
Australia's central bank has cut its benchmark interest rate to a record low, in an attempt to counter slowing growth in the country's mining sector.
Legendary investor Warren Buffett is backing a consortium bidding for Yahoo's core internet assets, according to reports.
Swansea City moved nine points clear of the Premier League relegation zone as Norwich slipped further into danger.
Recent satellite images indicate that North Korea is building a new tunnel at its nuclear test site, a respected US think tank has said.
A church made of cardboard boxes has been built in Norwich.
A mother who died hours after being given her hospital discharge papers may have lived if a doctor had read her medical notes, an inquest heard.
The North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) has been restored as the provider for non-emergency patient transport services across Greater Manchester.
Hearts will not appeal against the red card Sam Nicholson received for an alleged spit in the direction of an assistant referee at McDiarmid Park.
A global map of areas without roads shows large tracts of wilderness remain unprotected.
The European Commission has issued new guidelines for the labelling of some products made in Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian and Syrian land.
More than 20 migrants are said to have suffocated in the hold of an overloaded boat off the Libyan coast.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City midfielder N'Golo Kante on a five-year deal for a fee believed to be in the region of £30m.
The White House's first black first lady Michelle Obama once told her aides not to "just put me on a plane, send me someplace and have me smile".
A trainee Catholic nun has pleaded guilty to killing her newborn infant in a convent in Washington DC in October.
Surrey have recalled paceman Conor McKerr from his loan spell with County Championship Division Two side Derbyshire, with immediate effect.
Francesco Guidolin's future as Swansea City head coach will not necessarily rest on Saturday's Premier League match against Liverpool - even though the Italian admitted it could be his last.
Ireland's hopes of qualifying for the World Cup appear remote after suffering a seven-wicket defeat by Bangladesh in their opening Super Six match.
The secretary of state has said the prospect of Westminster taking powers to legislate for welfare changes in NI is not realistic.
If the recent footage released by the military is anything to go by, Nigerians may have reason for optimism about the government's ongoing battle against the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Britain's Mark Cavendish claimed his first win of 2016 on a fast opening stage of the Tour of Qatar.
A County Londonderry-based blind manufacturer is more than doubling its workforce in a £4m investment.
A social worker who lied about visiting two children who were potentially at risk of harm has been struck off.
Drivers fined for crossing York's Lendal Bridge while traffic restrictions were in place have just days to apply for their money back, officials have said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Nigerian novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani asks if using poorer relatives as domestic workers is helping them or exploiting them.
England's Glen Durrant secured his first BDO World Darts Championships title with victory over Dutchman Danny Noppert.
British company investigator Peter Humphrey is to be released early from a Chinese jail, according to reports.
A tenth woman has come forward to accuse US presidential candidate Donald Trump of sexual assault.
Brazil's counter terrorist strategy for the World Cup will focus on the danger from "lone wolves", senior officials have told BBC Brasil.
Two technicians in Hong Kong have been arrested for "perverting the course of justice", after a malfunctioning escalator injured shoppers in a mall.
When the smoke cleared from the riots triggered by Mark Duggan's shooting, uncomfortable questions for the police emerged.
Officials at Auschwitz have criticised a US congressman for making and voicing a video inside a gas chamber at the former Nazi death camp.
The parents of a boy who was electrocuted near a rail depot have paid tribute to their "kind and thoughtful" son.
The rise in drug resistant infections is comparable to the threat of global warming, according to the chief medical officer for England.
A new challenger to lead the UK's largest trade union says he will stop it "playing Westminster power games".
The mayor of a small town in Texas has become the first transgender elected official in the state's history, local media report.
A woman reported to have been walking on the slip road of the M4 at Swansea, dies following a collision.
Alan Solomons felt the penalty that beat his Edinburgh team against Munster was taken beyond the mark.
The number of abortion pills being bought online in Britain is increasing, data shown to the Victoria Derbyshire programme suggests.
A former health board chief has been appointed the new head of the NHS in Wales.
Climate change and population growth will hugely increase the risk to people from extreme weather, a report says.
Celtic have announced a pre-tax profit of £11.7m in their interim results.
Final campaign rallies have been held in Greece ahead of Sunday's elections, with several polls giving left-wing Syriza a small lead.
Arsenal got absolutely battered for most of Sunday's 1-1 draw in the north London derby against Tottenham - their fans must have been wondering what was happening, because it was embarrassing at times.
The NHS in England should pay care homes to look after patients trapped in hospitals because of the delayed discharges problem, a report suggests.
A deal on who will pay to electrify the valleys rail network should be ready in a "short number of months," says Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb.
Would businesses in Wales be better off in or out of the European Union?
A man who strangled a Met Police officer before trying to dissolve his body in an acid-filled bath has been found guilty of murder.
Sierra Leone football looks set for a new start after years of problems and infighting within its governing body.
Motherwell midfielder Stephen Pearson has left the club to join Indian Super League side Atletico de Kolkata.
A lawyer for Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH) has dismissed claims of "fresh" medical evidence in the case of terminally ill baby Charlie Gard.
The death of a man at a quarry in County Tyrone has been described as a "tragic accident".
A 125 million-year-old fossil - described by scientists as an exceptionally cute furball - has been unearthed, scientists report.
Ireland wing Keith Earls will miss the Test against New Zealand on 5 November after being suspended for two weeks following his red card on Saturday.
A digital film producer has announced plans to increase its Glasgow workforce to 180.
Former New Zealand scrum-half Justin Marshall believes Wales will relish their underdog status at the World Cup.
The wreck of the Titanic is to come under the protection of the United Nations cultural agency Unesco.
A family farm provoked controversy when it posted a video of guinea pigs eating Brussels sprouts.
A project that cares for the elderly in a Pembrokeshire village has secured funding to keep it going for two years.
Andy Murray's grandparents say they have been left "upset" after receiving hate mail criticising the tennis star.
Lord Bilimoria speaks openly and honestly about the difficulties his company Cobra Beer faced back in 2008.
Deutsche Bank shares dropped in early trade on reports that its boss failed to reach a swift deal with the US over lowering a $14bn (£11.3bn) fine.
Rush hour travellers have had a "nightmare Monday" commute across London after a series of unrelated rail and Tube train delays.
The row over a rally in support of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Germany has brought the growing tension between the countries since July's failed military coup to the surface.
Social media users have harshly criticised female athletes in various Arab delegations for showing too much or too little skin.
Staff at Dundee's Camperdown Wildlife Centre said they have been "blown away" by demand for preview tickets to see its three new European brown bears.
Germany's economic growth slowed in the third quarter of the year, dented by weaker exports, figures have shown.
A fresh dig to find the remains of a young girl who disappeared almost 34 years ago has taken place in Donegal.
Low-ability youngsters from wealthy families go on to earn more money than their more gifted, poorer counterparts, says the Education Secretary Justine Greening.
Archaeologists are preparing to make a detailed examination of a wreck believed to be that of a Scottish ship used in the American Civil War.
An Indian jewellery advertisement featuring top Bollywood actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has been withdrawn after criticism that it was "racist" and promoted child slavery.
Warwickshire captain Ian Bell says County Championship Division One will be the most competitive ever this summer following the promotion of Lancashire and Surrey.
The former head of the Downing Street policy unit, Camilla Cavendish, assesses government efforts to control traffic pollution.
Britain's Andy Murray defeated Juan Monaco 2-6 6-3 6-0 at the Shenzhen Open to reach his first final since winning Wimbledon last year.
Rangers have signed USA midfielder Emerson Hyndman on a six-month loan deal from Bournemouth.
Babies who are delivered through Caesarean section are twice as likely to become obese than those born traditionally, US research suggests.
Holders Manchester City or Arsenal will host Birmingham City in the semi-finals of this year's Women's Continental Cup.
The criminal courts charge is to be scrapped from 24 December, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has announced.
British eventer William Fox-Pitt has been discharged from hospital as he continues his recovery following a serious fall in competition last month.
Gary Haveron has resigned as manager of Premiership side Carrick Rangers after a controversial end to the season.
Fermanagh saw off a mini-revival from Antrim to book an Ulster Championship quarter-final meeting with Donegal.
A large explosion at an oil facility in the south-east Mexican state of Veracruz has killed at least three people and injured 136 more.
Japan's Sharp has announced the first smartphone screen capable of showing images in 4K resolution.
A self-styled Russian campaigner for morality in schools has boasted about the dismissal of a teacher he describes as a "lesbian" and "satanist".
Liverpool have signed central defenders Mamadou Sakho and Tiago Ilori for a combined fee of about £25m.
The RSPB has appealed for photographs of puffins feeding to help scientists discover why the bird's numbers have fallen to dangerously low levels.
Benin's Prime Minister walked away unscathed after the helicopter in which he was travelling crashed in the country's northwest, his daughter said.
Scientists have determined that the sub-surface body of water on the Saturnian moon Enceladus must be far more extensive than first thought.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir and rebel leader Riek Machar have agreed a peace deal after a five-month conflict.
A motorcyclist from Yorkshire has been killed during the Senior Manx Grand Prix race in the Isle of Man.
Eurozone ministers have moved towards agreeing a new credit line for Greece as it prepares to exit its bailout at the end of the year.
Two Pembrokeshire police officers left work early 126 times in three months, a jury has heard.
An aircraft has returned safely to Aberdeen International Airport after reporting a problem shortly after taking off.
A close ally of murdered Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov says he is "totally sceptical" that the two men charged organised his killing.
She went to Rio a hopeful but came back an Olympic medal holder.
Gloucestershire beat Glamorgan by four wickets in their pre-season friendly thanks to Ian Cockbain's 125 not out.
At a 19th Century prison that pioneered the use of solitary confinement in the US, former inmates lead one-of-a-kind tours about the history of incarceration and their own experience within it.
Jo Cox's assistants, who were with the MP when she was murdered, have spoken about coping with the "surreal" loss of both a colleague and friend.
An artist famous for a giant rubber duck that pops up around the world says a version of his work used by Brazilian protesters amounts to plagiarism.
A man murdered his partner in a "calculated" attack before dragging her body from their house and dumping it in woodland, a court has heard.
The Usain Bolt of the tortoise world has raced into the record books as the fastest ever.
A Scottish couple are celebrating after winning £1m and all-expenses paid break to Dubai in a EuroMillions draw.
Jeremy Corbyn is the most popular candidate for Labour leader among local constituency groups, according to the latest party nomination figures.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a former friend who was having a relationship with his mother.
Prime Minister David Cameron has defended the government's decision to give charity Kids Company £3m one week before its closure, saying it had been right to give it "one last chance".
British Paralympic leaders say Britain can continue to deliver medals despite increased global competition.
Hamilton moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership but had to settle for a point at home to St Johnstone.
Southampton have agreed a fee of about £14m for Napoli striker Manolo Gabbiadini.
Six MPs from the Business and Skills Committee claim an attempt was made to record their private discussions after a surprise visit to Sports Direct's Shirebrook warehouse.
A motorist was seriously injured in a crash involving a lorry and two cars.
A bomb disposal team was called out after a woman was found dead at a house in Edinburgh.
When Andy Green "floors it" in the South African desert later this year, he expects to be able to break his 18-year-old land speed record.
Bristol Rovers will have the chance to match offers made by other clubs for League Two's top scorer Matty Taylor this summer, says chairman Steve Hamer.
Swarms of insects are using India's top tourist attraction, the Taj Mahal, as a toilet.
A British holidaymaker who survived a stabbing in which his friend was killed has said he is lucky to be alive.
An East Yorkshire seaside town could get a £3m lifeboat station if plans are passed by a council.
War veterans and members of the armed forces need to be treated better by society, the Welsh Conservatives have said ahead of a debate in the Senedd.
Labour is widening its inquiry into allegations of anti-Semitism among its university organisations, the BBC understands.
A supporters' group says English Football League fans are "angry" about the cost of tickets for away games, with some paying 40% more than Premier League prices.
Pro-democracy demonstrators in Hong Kong have marched to the residence of the territory's leader, criticising his stance on democratic reform.
Campaigners for a first Hindu temple in Oxfordshire have made a fresh appeal for funds.
The Euro 2016 final drew nearly three million more viewers than Andy Murray's win at Wimbledon on Sunday.
As a film actor, there might be a few signs that you have made it into the big time.
Bristol and Cardiff City fans have been warned to behave at Saturday's Severnside derby following a previous clash between the clubs.
A European arrest warrant has been issued for the parents of a five-year-old boy with a brain tumour, missing from hospital since Thursday.
A 22-storey tower block has been approved close to the site of the Ministry of Sound nightclub in south-east London, three weeks after another development nearby was rejected.
Few, if any, leading sports clubs can say that a top rap star has played a role in their rebirth, but that is the case with the newly founded Brooklyn Nets basketball team.
New Zealand women's captain Suzie Bates will play for Hampshire women ahead of the Women's World Cup in June.
Dungannon Swifts have completed the signing of former Portadown and Bohemians forward Peter McMahon on a one-year deal.
British number four Aljaz Bedene made the quarter-finals of the Ricoh Open tournament in the Netherlands with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 win over the United States' Ernesto Escobedo.
An Australian footballer has called for better education about race, after a mother painted her son's skin brown as a tribute to him, drawing widespread criticism.
Tottenham deservedly ended Pep Guardiola's perfect Premier League start and underlined their own title credentials with a thrilling victory over Manchester City at White Hart Lane.
Inverness boss Richie Foran has urged his players to rest ahead of Saturday's seismic clash with Motherwell.
Kilmarnock made it back-to-back wins for the first time since January as they came from behind to beat St Johnstone.
England spinner Danielle Hazell has been named Lancashire Thunder captain as part of the player allocations for the Women's Cricket Super League.
A police officer "deliberately lied" in a witness statement claiming a man had behaved in an "extremely abusive" way, a court has heard.
Calls have been made for a law change to stop second home owners avoiding additional council tax by turning their properties into self-catering lets.
More than 600 bodies have been pulled from the rubble of a Bangladeshi clothing factory complex that collapsed last week, police say.
The US astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko have returned to Earth after spending almost a year in space on board the International Space Station.
One of the biggest networks of spam-sending computers in the world has gone quiet, puzzling experts, internet security firms have said.
Dustin Hoffman has sung the praises of the retired opera singers and musicians who appear in his new film, Quartet.
The ambulance service in Wales is not improving quickly enough, a cross-party committee of AMs has warned.
The Six Nations championship is often described as the biggest annual rugby tournament in the world.
Arda Turan scored twice and Lionel Messi once as Barcelona earned a 3-0 second-leg victory over Sevilla to win the Spanish Super Cup 5-0 on aggregate.
Tom Dumoulin of the Netherlands became the new Vuelta a Espana leader after Wednesday's fifth stage, won by Australian Caleb Ewan.
The driver of a car involved in a single-vehicle crash in West Sussex in which two men died has been arrested.
Media in India are criticising the booing of opposition chief ministers in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Bydd Llywodraeth Cymru yn gwario £4 miliwn mewn ymdrech i wella safonau dysgu gwyddoniaeth mewn ysgolion.
A Labour MP has apologised after making comments about Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt's Chinese wife.
The home-made bomb that killed 14 people aboard a St Petersburg metro train is believed to have been set off by a suicide bomber born in Kyrgyzstan.
A catering firm has been fined £7,620 for selling gas used as a recreational drug.
The FTSE 100 has surged through the level it closed at last Thursday, recovering all of the ground it had lost in the wake of the Brexit vote.
A West Lothian woman has died at a holiday apartment block in Benidorm during a hen party.
Civil servants at the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS) have announced plans to stage a 24-hour strike in protest at plans to shut the department's Sheffield office.
Andy Goram is known as one of Scotland's greatest goalkeepers, but on Wednesday he reminded people he was also a dab hand with the cricket ball.
A man's guilty plea to causing the deaths of eight men in a road crash in County Donegal has spared their families further trauma, a local priest has said.
Hungarians are commemorating the anniversary of their 1956 revolution against Soviet rule but many senior figures in the ruling Fidesz party believe Prime Minister Viktor Orban is steering the country back to its authoritarian past.
Ipswich Town striker Tyrone Barnett has said he would be "delighted" if he never returned to Peterborough United.
Conservative claims that Labour and the Scottish National Party (SNP) could reduce high-speed rail investment in Crewe have been dubbed "preposterous".
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has been charged with "provoking spectators" after he tied a scarf to the goal following Friday's 2-0 win at Linfield.
A city whose traffic plans were made famous by Alan Partridge is marking 50 years since one of its roads became the first to be pedestrianised in England.
The widow of a British hostage killed in an attack on an Algerian gas plant in January has said she still does not know how her husband died.
Pablo Cuevas and Marcel Granollers held a sit-down protest after receiving warnings for threatening to wee in a can and hitting a ball out of court.
An artist who painted the official picture for the Tour de France's Grand Depart from Yorkshire in 2014 has won the accolade of Best-selling Published Artist 2015.
The Electoral Commission has called on Bristol city council to scrap an EU referendum how-to-vote guide over claims it favours the Remain campaign.
Graeme McDowell says he will not frantically chase a spot at this year's Masters as he prepares to begin his season at this week's Qatar Masters.
Many Clouds won the 2015 Grand National to give jockey Leighton Aspell his second consecutive victory in the race.
Kids Company won public funding for 13 years from government ministers despite grave reservations repeatedly being raised by civil servants, according to a new report into the now-closed charity by the National Audit Office.
US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis has told North Korea to avoid actions that could usher in the "end of its regime and the destruction of its people".
A fourth generation farmer has found a novel way to diversify his business by showing movies in his fields.
Kieron Pollard has been criticised on social media after bowling a no-ball which denied opposition batsman Evin Lewis the chance of a century in a Caribbean Premier League match.
Fly-half Duncan Weir says he is ready to repay the confidence of the Scotland coaches as he prepares for a first Six Nations start of the year in Ireland.
For the first time, more than half of the UK's electronic-cigarette users have since given up smoking tobacco, a study suggests.
About 400 jobs are to be created across Teesside and North Yorkshire thanks to £30m of investment from Quorn Foods.
Leeds United have signed Sunderland midfielder Liam Bridcutt on loan until the start of January.
Boreham Wood's 0-0 draw at home to Macclesfield saw them fall into the National League relegation zone.
Southend got their play-off challenge back on track with a comfortable win at 10-man Chesterfield, who are all-but relegated.
Sale have yet to speak to England and Bath fly-half George Ford over a potential move, says Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond.
A British man who attempted to join Islamic State in Syria has been jailed for six years.
Stirling Albion have have appointed Martyn Corrigan as caretaker manager as they search for a replacement for Stuart McLaren.
Wales' record try-scorer Shane Williams wants to see Leigh Halfpenny starting back on the wing.
A substantial amount of prescription medication, believed to be stolen, has been recovered by police in County Armagh.
Labour's shadow equality minister Kate Osamor has withdrawn an advert for an unpaid intern blaming a "misunderstanding" in her office.
Hearts have announced that their captain, Perry Kitchen, has moved to Danish Superliga club Randers.
The closure of the only 50m swimming pool in the West Midlands, could threaten the future of a successful Coventry sport, a coach has said.
One Direction have topped the winners list at the American Music Awards, taking home a total of three prizes.
A council has been fined Â£60,000 for leaving confidential files about vulnerable children in a cabinet which was sent to a second-hand shop.
Tom Daley will compete at the London Aquatics Centre for the first time since claiming Olympic bronze when he takes part in the World Series event.
Labour leadership hopeful Jeremy Corbyn has thanked his supporters at a final rally before the result of the three-month contest is announced.
American Airlines and US Airways have settled an anti-trust suit with US regulators, paving the way for their proposed merger to be finalised.
The people of France had a big vote on Sunday to decide who they want to run their country for the next five years.
Europe must scale a mountain if not find another miracle to match that of four years ago if they are to retain the Ryder Cup on Sunday.
A global firm has admitted responsibility for thousands of pink bottles washing up around the coast of Cornwall.
Three men have admitted attempting to incite violence with rival football fans on the day of a Scottish Premiership match in Dundee.
Centre Mark Bennett is confident Scotland can end their nine-game Six Nations losing run and win their final three games of this year's tournament.
London 2012 gold medallist Katie Taylor suffered a second defeat in six weeks as she was beaten in the World Championship lightweight semi-finals.
Anthony Crolla is "lucky to be alive" after suffering a fractured skull when he was hit by what his trainer Joe Gallagher said was a concrete slab as the boxer confronted burglars.
Aston Villa moved to within eight points of Premier League safety with their third win of the season as Norwich slipped into the bottom three.
Great Britain are one win from a first Davis Cup title in 79 years following Andy and Jamie Murray's doubles victory against Belgium.
Nottingham Panthers secured their fifth play-off title of the Elite League era by beating Coventry Blaze in a nervy final at the National Ice Centre.
Sports promoter Barry Hearn says it is "disgraceful" the Scottish Professional Football League cannot find a sponsor.
The world is on the cusp of a "post-antibiotic era", scientists have warned after finding bacteria resistant to drugs used when all other treatments have failed.
Scotland's political leaders have set out on a final bid to win over voters on the last day of the Holyrood election campaign.
Donald Trump will have much work to do to repair a divided nation after his election as US president, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
More than 60% of Australia's major organised crime figures now deal in crystal meth, a new report has found.
Afghanistan's strategic landscape is changing as regional powers forge links with the Taliban and vie to outdo each other in what's being seen as a new "Great Game".
A 24-hour strike on two London Underground lines is causing disruption to commuters.
A tax on fast food with hidden sugar is being considered in Liverpool.
Some of the UK's dung beetle species are becoming scarcer and could even face extinction, according to scientists.
A man has appeared in court charged with raping a 37-year-old woman in Edinburgh on Boxing Day.
There has been widespread criticism in the US of the European Commission's ruling that Apple should pay up to €13bn (£11bn) in back taxes.
A ceasefire between Israel and the Palestinian Hamas movement which governs Gaza has come into effect.
A 20-year-old boxer who was stabbed to death in Leicester was a "quiet, polite lad", his former boxing coach said.
More babies born extremely prematurely are surviving without neurological problems, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of raping a woman near Eastbourne Pier.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has overspent by almost £9m so far this financial year.
Aberdeen breathed new life into the Premiership title race with a deserved win against league leaders Celtic.
Doctors' leaders want all primary school children to get a free portion of fruit or vegetables every day.
The fire at a fertiliser plant in the US state of Texas that killed 15 people and wounded hundreds in 2013 was a criminal act, say investigators.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has threatened to throw corrupt officials from helicopters mid-air, saying he has done it before.
Australia maintained their commanding position on day two of the second Test of their three-match series against New Zealand in Perth.
Two teenage boys who drowned while swimming in the sea disappeared beneath the waves minutes before a lifeboat could reach them, an inquest has heard.
A 73-year-old woman had her handbag snatched as she was cleaning her husband's grave on Christmas Eve, Met Police have said.
A man has been charged with the murder of 16-year-old Leonne Weeks whose body was found on a path near Rotherham.
Infosys, India's second-largest software firm, has reported a 21% increase in quarterly profit and maintained its revenue growth forecast.
A "scarce" grassland around the ancient ruins of a Denbighshire castle has been protected as a site of special scientific interest.
Troubled game maker Zynga has announced that founder Mark Pincus will return to lead the company, as it struggles to repeat the success of hits like Farmville.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested after a chemical alert that led to the evacuation of London City Airport.
This season's FA Cup has not thrown up too many blockbuster minnow-at-home-to-giant ties since the Premier League and Championship sides entered the competition in round three.
An umbrella-wielding thief was thwarted when staff told him there was no cash at the bookmakers' he was attempting to rob in Cambridge.
Sonar approved for use by the US Navy broke marine laws, a US appeals court has ruled.
A group of vulnerable Cuban migrants have been flown by the Costa Rican authorities to a Mexican border town, from where they are expected to enter the US.
Crawley have signed midfielder Moussa Sanoh on a two-year contract after he was not offered a new deal by Dutch second division side RKC Waalwijk.
Will Lewis Hamilton come to rue his awful performance in qualifying for the Grand Prix of Europe?
Hughie Fury will not make the same mistakes as his cousin, former world heavyweight champion Tyson, says his dad and trainer Peter.
A mother's stress can spread to her baby in the womb and may cause a lasting effect, German researchers propose.
China - the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases - has announced details of its climate action plan.
Team GB have been showing off their new suits that have good luck messages from children printed inside.
Cruz Beckham, the son of David and Victoria Beckham, has released his debut single.
Nicki Minaj has apologised after the lyric video for her 'Only' track was accused of containing Nazi imagery.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainnan says he is in the same boat as the players when it comes to criticism of the team this season.
Billy Connolly has been forced to give up playing the banjo and guitar because of Parkinson's Disease.
Jay Spearing scored the only goal as Bolton began life back in English football's third tier with a 1-0 win over Sheffield United.
Police have renewed their appeal for information on the fifth anniversary of a fatal hit-and-run collision in County Monaghan.
A 22-year-old man has been arrested at Sydney Airport as he was allegedly attempting to leave for Syria.
A collection of 30 rare Shakespeare texts on display at University of London offer an insight into how his work has evolved in the four centuries since his death.
The reaction by some in local government to moves to stop the length of the primary school week being cut is, ultimately, more about money than education.
Wildlife campaigners are opposing plans for 460 new homes near Newcastle amid fears they could harm neighbouring red squirrels.
Super-lightweight Ohara Davies feels Josh Taylor is acting out of character with his abusive comments towards him.
The captain of Lazio has been arrested by police investigating claims of match-fixing.
A cargo plane has crashed on take-off near the international airport in South Sudan's capital Juba, killing at least 36 people.
Some parents who have been fined for taking holidays in term-time may have been dealt with unfairly and unlawfully, an assembly member has claimed.
Newport County's plight at the bottom of League Two worsened as they were beaten by leaders Plymouth.
French authorities have demolished a makeshift church and mosque at the Calais camp known as the Jungle.
The family of a missing County Antrim man have said they are determined to "keep searching" until he is found.
A no-fly zone has been put in place for parts of south Wales and Bristol during the three-days of the Nato summit.
Undercover Israeli forces shot dead a Palestinian and seized a stabbing suspect in a raid on a West Bank hospital, Palestinian officials say.
Fox News is reportedly about to drop the country's top-rated cable news host, Bill O'Reilly, amid claims he sexually harassed female colleagues.
Zola Budd and Mary Decker are to be reunited in a new documentary for the first time since their famous collision at the Los Angeles Olympics in 1984.
A man has suffered severe burns at the Glastonbury Festival site.
The railway route between Liverpool and Newcastle may not be fully electrified despite a promise by the previous government.
The partner of a cyclist who died in a crash involving a lorry said he hopes a "ghost bike" memorial to her will help prevent more deaths.
A man accused of beating a pensioner to death with a marble rolling pin has cast doubt over the reliability of DNA evidence found on the victim's blouse.
Seventeen suspected Ebola patients are "missing" in Liberia after a health centre in the capital was attacked, the government says.
David Cameron has invited acting Labour leader Harriet Harman to a high-level security meeting about the threat posed by Islamic State (IS) extremists.
There will be more exciting Dundee United tweets than the one they unleashed on 1 July.
Train conductors have called off balloting for strike action on London Midland's service.
Profits at Walt Disney jumped 11% in the first three months of 2017, bolstered by attendance at its theme parks and resorts.
A fire broke out at a disused pub in Shropshire in the early hours.
Teams of firefighters and special aircraft are working around the clock to try to put out huge wildfires that are raging across parts of Alaska.
A crematorium's chapel in Gwynedd will close for three weeks for asbestos removal and repair work.
Worcester Warriors have made their 11th pre-season signing by bringing in vastly experienced Munster and Ireland lock forward Donncha O'Callaghan.
Midfielder Leon Britton says Swansea City can take confidence from previous wins over Manchester United ahead of Sunday's Premier League game.
Barely a day goes by without a newspaper headline condemning the Metropolitan Police or its Commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe.
Digital download music sales continued to rise in the UK in 2011, but not by enough to prevent an overall decline in album sales, according to the BPI.
A man who killed a banker with a single punch in a "senseless" and "unprovoked" attack has been jailed for six years.
An Indian court has ordered the government to release thousands of dollars in funds belonging to the environmental pressure group Greenpeace.
A man has denied murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death more than 30 years ago.
Families' chances of having a good local school depend too much on which part of the country they live in, warns England's education watchdog Ofsted.
A quantity of suspected cannabis and imitation firearms have been seized by police during a search of a house in Frank Street in east Belfast.
A truck driver who saved a baby from a motorway fireball is trying to find the boy's Devon family so he can send them a Christmas card.
Edinburgh suffered their first defeat in European Challenge Cup Pool 5 despite a spirited second-half fightback at Stade Francais.
Coronation Street actress Beverley Callard is set to return to the ITV soap next month after revealing she had "hope" in her battle with depression.
The Rugby Football League says it has received 10 expressions of interest in creating a new club in Bradford.
Security at Wimbledon is being stepped up after the recent UK terror attacks involving vehicles hitting pedestrians.
An appeals board of India's film censor authority has cleared an award-winning Hindi language film for limited release.
Leeds United have signed French midfielder Toumani Diagouraga from Brentford for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year contract.
Sandwiched between a bookcase of medical literature and a stack of promotional t-shirts, an elderly man sits slumped in a chair, one frail hand gripping the mask administering his daily fill of oxygen.
Chelsea striker Diego Costa has been left out of Spain's squad for friendlies against Italy and Romania.
You may know Kwame Kwei-Armah best as the paramedic Finlay Newton in the BBC's Casualty.
Swansea City coach Alan Curtis says the turbulent 2015-16 season was "a shot across the bow'' for the club.
A 96-year-old former pupil of a Scots missionary who died in Auschwitz has shared her memories of her "second mother".
As Japan restarts its nuclear power industry four years after the Fukushima disaster, have we learned to make peace with the technology?
Calls have been made for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service to change requirements on firefighters in remote and rural areas.
Britain's wildlife is in an increasingly fragile state, with animals carrying out vital jobs for farmers being lost more rapidly than others, say scientists.
A woman whose bungalow was destroyed by the sea has moved out of her temporary home after losing a planning row.
McLaren have signed British teenager Lando Norris to their young driver programme, with a view to developing him towards a Formula 1 career.
Slovenia must match Scotland's aggression if they are to take three points from Hampden, according to head coach, Srecko Katanec.
Six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt has been selected in the Jamaica team for this summer's Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Manager Chris Coleman says Wales will be prepared for Northern Ireland's physical approach when they meet in the last 16 of Euro 2016 on Saturday.
A man known as the "naked rambler" has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after walking out of prison wearing only his boots and socks.
Australians have reported about 40 foreigners who appear to have breached residential real estate investment laws, says the government.
A former top British police officer is out of a coma after contracting meningitis while working in Abu Dhabi.
From Jack the Ripper investigation notes to a bottle of Veuve Clicquot champagne belonging to the Great Train Robbery gang, a fascinating collection of evidence amassed from some of the most notorious crimes in the UK is to go on public display for the first time.
At least 25 residents were evacuated from a care home after a large fire tore through the property.
The Brazilian government wanted to react quickly in the wake of Sunday's protests involving a hotly disputed, but undeniably large number of demonstrators.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in its fight with Rangers over the club's use of Employee Benefit Trusts (EBTs).
DR Congo qualified for the final of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) by beating Guinea 5-4 on penalties.
England football legend Stuart Pearce is set to come out of retirement aged 53 in a bid to transform the fortunes of a struggling non-league side.
Nine railway workers were within seconds of being hit by a train travelling at 98mph, a safety investigation has found.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a van in Devon.
A paralympian has been reunited with his specially adapted bicycle after it was stolen from outside his home.
Officers are facing disciplinary action over claims a prisoner had sex during a hospital visit, the BBC has learned.
A man has been found dead at a house in Glenrothes, Fife.
The International Olympic Committee has refused to comment on claims that the successful Tokyo Olympic bid team made a "seven-figure payment" to an account linked to the son of former world athletics chief Lamine Diack.
Baby Jude weighed just 1lb 12oz when he was born 16 weeks prematurely.
The Liberal Democrats are gathering in Bournemouth for their annual conference - the first since the party lost all but eight of its MPs in May's general election rout.
Armagh defender Ciaran McKeever has announced his retirement from inter-county football after 14 years with the Orchard county.
Researchers from Swansea University have joined forces with a Ceredigion food company to find new uses for shellfish waste.
Unbeaten favourite Nyquist won the 142nd running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs.
Ever since the NHS was created it has been dominated by two services - hospitals and GP care.
Amateur and professional photographers from across the UK were invited to submit pictures for the forthcoming Photography Show at the NEC near Birmingham.
The US media have given their verdict on who won the first debate - with most awarding victory to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Oscar-winning actor Russell Crowe has tweeted support for his namesake - a disabled rook from Gloucestershire.
Russia's FSB security service says it will punish a group of new agents who allowed themselves to be photographed lavishly celebrating their graduation.
The venom of a wasp native to Brazil could be used as a weapon to fight cancer, scientists believe.
From the circus tent to the Olympic hall, trampoline has travelled a considerable distance from its 19th Century genesis.
The first female chief of business lobby group the CBI has criticised business dinners as "not very inclusive" for women.
Great Britain's Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark will win Olympic gold in the women's 470 sailing if they finish Wednesday's medal race.
Young people must be "inspired not ignored" in the EU referendum debate, campaigners said as they began a drive to boost turnout among 18-24 year olds.
Carl Frampton says his long-standing rivalry with Scott Quigg will add spice to Saturday's world super-bantamweight unification fight in Manchester.
Children should not start formal school lessons until the age of six or seven, a group of educationalists has said.
Water has been restored to most of the homes which lost their supply after a mains pipe burst, Scottish Water has said.
British and Irish Lions assistant coach Andy Farrell is wary of his side being harshly penalised in defence in the Test series against New Zealand.
Twitter is making changes aimed at allowing users to report abuse or offensive content more easily.
An elderly man left for dead by two jihadists at a church in the French city of Rouen has spoken of the terrifying ordeal for the first time.
A Greater Manchester town has been adorned with yellow ribbons to mark the first anniversary of aid worker Alan Henning's murder.
The body of a cat missing its head and tail has been found in a Staffordshire garden.
Chas Hodges - lead singer of "rockney" duo Chas & Dave - has been diagnosed with cancer of the oesophagus.
Chris Humphrey will join Preston on a two-year deal on 1 July after rejecting the chance to remain with Scottish Premier League club Motherwell.
Parts of the famous Staffordshire Hoard will be exhibited at Tamworth Castle next year.
Liverpool withdrew Joel Matip from their squad to face Manchester United on Sunday because they are unsure about his international clearance.
Professional photographer, writer and lecturer Grant Scott explains how you can use your mobile phone to improve your creative photography.
More than in any other country, Iraq's future is intimately bound up with the fate of self-styled Islamic State (IS).
Family and colleagues of murdered PC Sharon Beshenivsky have paid tribute to the officer on the 10th anniversary of the day she was shot dead in Bradford.
A police watchdog will inspect British Transport Police (BTP) ahead of a proposed transfer of its Scottish operation to Police Scotland.
Former world champion Carl Froch says he will not reconsider his decision to retire from boxing, but hopes to build a career in acting instead.
Three Welsh police forces have seen huge rises in the number of complaints they received last year.
Consent from Parliament is "not required" for Theresa May to go ahead with getting Brexit under way, the High Court has heard.
Irish jockey Eddie Creighton is "conscious and responsive" after coming out of an induced coma following a fall at an Australian racecourse.
A Royal Marine has told how he delivered his baby son in a Lincolnshire pub car park.
Eddie Jones has been named as England's first foreign head coach.
One hundred jobs are to be created after a Flintshire frozen ready meals company announced it was expanding.
Six people had to be rescued after a rollercoaster in Australia got stranded 50 metres in the air.
As US President Barack Obama visits East Africa this weekend there is an understandable focus on issues like security and counter-terrorism, as well as entrepreneurship.
A man was left in hospital after being knocked unconscious in a south of Scotland beer garden.
A British soldier killed on patrol in Helmand province, Afghanistan, has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
An industrial steam engine last used to haul coal in the 1970s has been "rediscovered" at a convent in the east of England.
BBC presenter Dan Walker has been invited to the wedding of the woman whose hen do gatecrashed his live Olympics broadcast.
The European Parliament has adopted a resolution calling for an arms embargo on Saudi Arabia over alleged breaches of international law in Yemen.
Welsh Premier League top scorer Jason Oswell has left Newtown for National League North side Stockport County.
The Scottish government will receive a £350m funding boost as a result of measures announced in his budget, the chancellor has said.
A police helicopter landed on an area of Bristol parkland to order a high-flying kite enthusiast to bring down his craft.
Grandparents should be given the right to request unpaid leave as they are so involved with childcare, the TUC says.
Colin Bloomfield was known for his radio sports commentator but he also had a keen sense of humour.
Franca Sozzani, editor-in-chief of Vogue Italia for 28 years and a champion of Italian fashion, has died at the age of 66.
Vaginal mesh implants are as dangerous as asbestos, MSPs on Holyrood's petitions committee have been told.
England mounted a stunning comeback to come from two goals behind to beat world champions Germany.
A number of biscuits and snacks sold in the supermarket chain Aldi may have been contaminated by pests, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) has warned.
The son of a man jailed as part of a gang who groomed and abused teenage girls in Rotherham has been given a 12-month community order after being found guilty of witness intimidation.
All 24 council tower blocks in Sheffield will be fitted with sprinkler systems following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
A man accused of murdering his five-week-old granddaughter said someone else dropped her the night she was taken to hospital, a court has heard.
The UK's prime minister Theresa May has said she is going to provide more support to help young people who may be struggling with a mental health problem.
The online ballot to select 50,000 people to walk across the new Queensferry Crossing has now closed.
Three trades unions have joined forces to urge assembly members to commit to funding post-16 education.
Greater Manchester Police is facing new investigations by the police watchdog over three separate fatal firearms incidents, the Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
President Donald Trump believes that millions of people voted illegally in the US election based on "studies and evidence", the White House has said.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been holding last-minute talks with lawmakers a day before Congress votes on whether to impeach her.
A tipper truck driver has been jailed after the lorry he was driving rolled, killing his son.
Ian Lenagan is set to become the Football League's new chairman after he was unanimously recommended by the organisation's nomination committee.
Darlington will appeal the National League's decision to deny the club a play-off place because their ground does not meet seating requirements.
A 12-year-old scout has died at an international jamboree in Finland.
Ex-Liberian President Charles Taylor has asked to serve his 50-year sentence for war crimes in Rwanda, rather than the UK.
Two youths have appeared in court charged with murder following a stabbing in Denbighshire on Sunday.
The World Health Organisation has declared Guinea, in West Africa, free of Ebola, two years after the outbreak of the virus began there.
Thursday was seen as the day the 2015 UK general election campaign turned negative, with many reacting on social media to Defence Secretary Michael Fallon's attack on Labour leader Ed Miliband.
(Close): The three main US stock indexes ended the day markedly higher on Tuesday as new figures showed consumer confidence hitting its highest level for more than 16 years in March.
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews has defended the controversial run-out of England's Jos Buttler during his side's one-day international win at Edgbaston.
Tens of thousands of operations were cancelled by English hospitals last year but not officially counted, figures obtained by the BBC suggest.
Human remains have been found by police searching for a woman in Exeter.
Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari denied they manipulated the Monaco Grand Prix to ensure the German beat team-mate Kimi Raikkonen.
Shares in DFS Furniture have plunged by 22% after the sofa specialist issued a profit warning.
A woman stabbed her elderly neighbour eight times after he "smirked" at her when she confronted him about child sex charges, a court has heard.
Rotherham took a huge step towards retaining their Championship status by thrashing relegation rivals MK Dons.
British former world heavyweight champion Frank Bruno wants to return to the ring at the age of 54.
Indian film censor board chief Pahlaj Nihalani has defended a music video he has made glorifying Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The fund named after Scottish motor neurone disease (MND) campaigner Gordon Aikman has raised £600,000.
West Brom are interested in Liverpool's £30m-rated defender Mamadou Sakho.
Hundreds of migrants have crossed from Greece into Macedonia after finding a way through the border fence.
Police have released new CCTV images of a vulnerable teenager who has been missing for more than two weeks.
In 2008, I had been taking very strong prescription medication for acne.
Former Friends star Courteney Cox has been trying to teach her family how to speak in an authentic Northern Ireland accent like her fiancé, Snow Patrol musician Johnny McDaid.
Tycoon Sanjeev Gupta has held initial talks with the government over the possible purchase of parts of Tata Steel's UK business, including Port Talbot steelworks, the BBC understands.
There is an English way of doing things.
Championship club Blackburn Rovers have signed former Bolton Wanderers winger Liam Feeney on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor wants to continue both a mixed martial arts and boxing career after Saturday's super bout with Floyd Mayweather.
By-elections sparked by the resignations of Labour MPs Tristram Hunt and Jamie Reed are to be held on 23 February, the party has said.
Ed Sheeran says he will commemorate his trio of sold-out shows at Wembley Stadium by having his chest tattooed.
Durham's bid for promotion to County Championship Division One despite a points penalty is a "wonderful challenge", says opener Stephen Cook.
A motorist convicted of driving offences after tweeting about a collision with a cyclist says she has been cyber-bullied because of the post.
Patients with prostate cancer in England will now have early access to a drug that can delay the need for chemotherapy.
High levels of violence were recorded at an immigration removal centre (IRC) in a former Dorset jail, the prison watchdog has found.
A pig that fell into a swimming pool in Dorset has had his bacon saved by firefighters.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has been spotted dancing the night away at a concert in Manchester.
US comedian and civil rights activist Dick Gregory has died at the age of 84, his family has announced.
Swiss voters have rejected a proposal that would have limited executive pay to 12 times that of the lowest paid.
The skeleton of a young Viking woman found in an intact timber coffin has gone on display for the first time.
A Muslim teacher denied entry to the United States while on a school trip said he has still not been told why.
Hundreds of thousands of pounds have been raised for charity by the sale of dragons that have been on display in Norwich.
When Americans Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan became majority shareholders at Swansea City they vowed to do things the "Swansea way".
Ricky Miller scored four times in Dover's 6-1 win over struggling Braintree at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Kim Little has got over the disappointment of missing Scotland women's first major finals through injury and is looking ahead to the 2019 World Cup qualifiers instead.
A car set on fire during a suspected arson attack also damaged a van containing furniture packed in preparation for a house move.
Ants are well-known for building with their bodies, but a new study has shown that army ants can optimise traffic flow using bridges that move.
The Rolling Stones say they're devastated over the death of Bobby Keys, who played saxophone for them.
Wallabies skipper Stephen Moore has announced he will quit international rugby union by the end of the year.
The number of plastic carrier bags found on UK beaches has dropped by almost half, the Marine Conservation Society (MCS) has said.
A scam in the Philippines, which allegedly sees bullets dropped into the luggage of passengers as they go through airport security, has sparked anger, fear and social media activism.
A man has been shot in the leg and 13 people arrested following an incident in east London.
A plane aborted its landing at Manchester Airport after winds of up to 70mph swept across the North West.
Dogs attacks on postal staff in Wales have dropped over the past year but still remain "unacceptably high," says the Royal Mail.
Olympic champion Lizzy Yarnold won bronze at the Skeleton World Championships in Germany.
Tesco has agreed to pay a fine of £129m to avoid prosecution for overstating its profits in 2014.
Owners of an indoor sports facility in Torfaen have been left "heartbroken" after a large fire at their business.
A song by a Scottish schoolteacher has missed out on the chance to become Romania's Eurovision entry.
Goalkeeper Cammy Bell has signed a two-year contract with Kilmarnock after Dundee United allowed him to leave as a free agent.
As far as team photos go, Zenit St Petersburg's will take some beating.
A seal spotted on a Norfolk beach with a wound around its neck has vanished and its fate is likely to "remain a mystery", wildlife experts have said.
Matt Mullan's last-minute try and Jimmy Gopperth's conversion with the final kick of the match earned Premiership leaders Wasps victory over Northampton.
Chris Dent and David Payne provided timely resistance for Gloucestershire against a suffocating Sussex bowling performance on the opening day.
A conservation charity has said a cast iron sculpture by Sir Antony Gormley felled for the second time in just over two months will not be reinstated.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has found that a man with severe learning difficulties convicted of a County Tyrone murder had a fair trial.
The brain naturally distorts body image - a finding which could explain eating disorders like anorexia, say experts.
Two-time Olympic medallist Paddy Barnes will have his second fight as a professional on 18 February.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has angrily confronted a heckler during a baseball game in Wisconsin.
The world's richest 1%, around 70 million people (or the population of the UK and Ireland), will own more than the other 99% put together by next year.
Only Labour can stop the Tories from decimating public services, the first minister has told the Welsh Labour conference in Swansea.
Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic have won in straight sets at the opening day of the ATP tennis finals in London.
Chinese stocks were mostly lower on the last day of 2015 in thin trading with some of Asia's biggest markets closed ahead of the new year.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard have released a stilted apology video for breaking Australia's strict biosecurity laws, bringing a bizarre end to the so-called "war on terrier".
Everton midfielder Leon Osman hopes striker Romelu Lukaku will return to the club after impressing on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
Carlisle United need to "scrap and fight" to cope with the pressure of chasing promotion to League One this season, says manager Keith Curle.
Battling Falkirk kept their grip on second place in the Championship with two second-half goals which sank 10-man Dunfermline.
US stock markets closed little changed, but energy shares fell as the oil price slid ahead of Wednesday's Opec meeting.
Your next holiday might seem like a long way off but there's a row brewing about when schoolkids in England should be able to take them.
Planning permission has been granted in principle for a film studio to be built on the outskirts of Edinburgh.
A meeting of EU data watchdogs is set to have wide-ranging ramifications for the way businesses handle data.
When Penny Lally passes away she is is going to be buried between her late husband... and her favourite horse.
More than 200 monuments marking the Soviet army's liberation of Poland at the end of World War Two are to be moved to an open-air museum.
Concern is growing for the mental health of the wife of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo.
A pharmacist has been given a suspended sentence for supplying the wrong drugs to a grandmother of 15 who later died.
A Shetland fisherman is celebrating after reeling in a giant fish weighing more than 67lbs (30kg).
A company which provided Wi-Fi services to Rangers is bidding to have £300,000 of the club's cash ring-fenced.
US carmaker Ford has said it expects pre-tax profits to fall next year as it increases spending on projects such as self-driving and electric cars.
A man has been critically injured in an explosion at a house in north London.
A US federal appeal court has rejected a ruling which declared that capital punishment in California was unconstitutional.
Ahead of the general election on 7 May, BBC Radio Merseyside is holding three special debates in front of a live audience.
An east London school could become the biggest in the country after being asked if it can take in 2,500 pupils.
Tranmere lost ground at the top of the National League after Aldershot held them to a 2-2 draw.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing during a night of disorder in London's Hyde Park.
Two brothers accused of murdering a cash-and-carry manager from Cardiff on Christmas Eve have been found guilty.
Two women have been arrested on suspicion of child abduction after a nine-week-old baby was taken from his home.
Successive Challenge Cup triumphs at Wembley have restored Hull FC to rugby league's elite, says Lance Todd Trophy winner Marc Sneyd.
Dundalk's attempt to become the first Irish side to make the Champions League group stages fell just short as they lost 3-1 to Legia Warsaw on aggregate after a creditable 1-1 draw in Poland.
Bristol Rovers defender Tom Lockyer has already packed a lot into his fledgling career.
So what do you do when your editor hears one of the biggest A-list celebrities in the world is going to be in town and he asks you to go and find him?
The proposed route for the start of the 2017 Tour de France would have seen three days of racing in London, East Sussex, Kent, Surrey and West Sussex.
The children's home immortalised by John Lennon in The Beatles hit Strawberry Fields Forever is to be redeveloped by the Salvation Army.
Somerset all-rounder Peter Trego says the abuse directed at players in Twenty20 cricket has reached "football hooligan levels".
Three men have been charged over a robbery in which three children were allegedly threatened with a gun.
Six Nations chief executive John Feehan says relegation from the tournament will not be introduced in the short to medium term.
Strong consumer spending helped the US economy to grow faster than previously estimated in the third quarter.
Police officials in Cleveland, Ohio, have fired six police officers who shot more than 100 rounds into car and killed an unarmed black couple in 2012.
Hundreds of police officers have failed a new compulsory fitness test, figures have shown.
A paraplegic man has made the first kick of the World Cup using a mind-controlled robotic exoskeleton.
England should recall Kevin Pietersen for the forthcoming World Twenty20, according to Michael Vaughan.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane says Michael McIlorum will miss the rest of the year after suffering a broken ankle in the World Club Series defeat by Brisbane.
Wolves have ended their interest in signing Derby forward Andreas Weimann on a permanent deal, BBC WM reports.
Three people have been charged in California with impersonating law enforcement officers after claiming to operate a police department with jurisdiction in 33 states.
Data about how well schools in Scotland do on reading, writing and numeracy has been published for the first time.
Ahmad Ahmad, the man bidding to depose Issa Hayatou as president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), has unveiled his manifesto.
The Ulster Unionist Party is to have talks with the Democratic Unionists about an electoral pact in the "next few days", Tom Elliott has said.
Investigators say parts of County Tyrone are being used by "unscrupulous criminals" to bury waste following the discovery of a fifth illegal dump there.
Step aside Pingu, there is a new penguin rocking our iceberg.
World Rally Championship driver Elfyn Evans will fight for a podium at Wales Rally GB and potentially for his future with his M-Sport team.
Manchester City will not face punishment from Uefa this season if their fans boo the Champions League anthem after a change to regulations.
Mountain rescue teams and an Inverness Coastguard helicopter crew have rescued a fallen climber.
Manxman Dan Kneen will be out to repeat the form he showed on his debut in 2014 when he takes part in this weekend's Tandragee 100 road races.
MPs will debate later how Welsh language TV channel S4C should be funded in the future, as its grant from UK ministers continues to shrink.
A second report into the disappearance of 43 students in the southern Mexican state of Guerrero says there is no evidence to support the official version of what happened to them.
Their jackets were a giveaway.
Bristol Rovers kept up their League Two promotion bid by consigning Notts County to a fifth game without victory.
Gypsies and travellers are facing barriers to accessing health care in Wales due to discrimination, a report suggests.
A memorial has taken place to remember Hull's vessels used in the 1982 Falklands conflict.
Hundreds of mourners gathered for the funeral of a student who died after a 4x4 mounted a kerb in Glasgow.
A troubled NHS trust has paid millions of pounds to companies owned by previous associates of its embattled chief executive, BBC News has learned.
Hundreds of mainly women protesters have marched through the Nigerian capital, Abuja, to press for the release of 230 schoolgirls abducted by militants two weeks ago.
The secretary of state has refused to say when talks aimed at restoring devolution at Stormont will resume.
Disgraced singer Gary Glitter has lost a Court of Appeal challenge against his conviction for sexually abusing three young girls.
Ospreys and Glasgow shared four tries in an entertaining draw in the Pro12.
The chief executive of England's World Cup organising committee wants the hosts to make the knockout phase but says it's not essential for the event.
Preparations for the trial of Anders Behring Breivik have been going on since his dramatic arrest on the island of Utoeya on 22 July last year.
Proposals for £22m council budget cuts in Milton Keynes have been rejected over fears they would adversely affect vulnerable people.
A sinkhole has opened up outside the Dad's Army Museum in Norfolk.
Forfar Athletic came from behind to beat bottom side Cowdenbeath and remain eight points clear at the top of Scottish League Two.
Police searching for the mother of a newborn baby found dead in Newport have released an image of a bag identical to the one the child was found in.
Gloucester ran in four tries to earn a comfortable bonus-point win over Newcastle Falcons at Kingsholm.
A Finnish court has cut the jail terms of four members of Cuba's national volleyball team found guilty of rape, and released a fifth.
Two people and a dog have been found dead on a boat moored on the Norfolk Broads.
NHS Grampian has had to cancel routine operations because of a shortage of theatre nurses.
A man has been found guilty of human trafficking in what police have called a case of "modern slavery".
Three prominent Hong Kong student leaders have been charged over their roles in the pro-democracy "Umbrella Movement" of 2014.
Tottenham kept up the pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea as Christian Eriksen's superb long-range strike secured a hard-fought victory at Crystal Palace.
US security staff shot a knife-wielding man three times at New Orleans international airport after he tried to storm a checkpoint, officials say.
A woman's body has been discovered at a beach on Anglesey, police have said.
A baby was removed from its vulnerable mother unlawfully, a judge has ruled.
A man who killed an 18-year-old motorist in a crash that split her car in two has been jailed for six years.
People will be able to access the National Library of Wales' digital collections from Cardiff under a new agreement.
The son of the Brazilian football legend Pele has been sentenced to 33 years in jail for laundering money raised from drug trafficking.
A proposal that supermarkets and off licences should only be able to sell alcohol later in the day is to be considered in Shetland.
The final part of a Cumbrian excavation to unearth the history of what is believed to be the biggest ever find of Roman altars in Britain has begun.
Action hero Arnold Schwarzenegger has taken to the streets of Edinburgh for a morning bike ride.
National League Woking have signed striker Macauley Bonne on a one-month loan from Colchester United.
Mansfield have signed striker Danny Rose from Bury for an undisclosed fee.
Douglas Costa's spectacular winner took Bayern Munich top of the Bundesliga on goal difference before Wednesday's meeting with title rivals RB Leipzig.
Business Secretary Sajid Javid has ordered an investigation into the "abuse" of tipping in restaurants.
Ethiopia says that only a fraction of its citizens working illegally in Saudi Arabia have returned home before today's amnesty deadline.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 20-year-old found with severe head injuries near Leeds railway station.
PSV Eindhoven winger Memphis Depay has completed a medical at Manchester United.
Police in India say they have killed 16 Maoist rebels in the central state of Chhattisgarh.
News that Abdelhamid Abaaoud, believed to be the ringleader of the Paris attacks, had died during a French police raid came as a welcome win for investigators.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has been urged to rest his star men in Wales' final warm-up game before the Euros.
Outgoing UKIP leader Nigel Farage has urged Republicans to "get your walking boots on" and drum up support for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
Lord Ashdown has said Tim Farron - one of the frontrunners to be a future Liberal Democrat leader - lacks judgement.
Crawley Town striker Matt Harrold has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
The retailer Gap is to close 175 stores across North America over the next few years as it attempts to turn around the business.
Charges would have been brought against Alice Gross murder suspect Arnis Zalkalns if he had lived, police say.
New Zealand number eight Kieran Read has been named world player of the year as the All Blacks dominated the International Rugby Board awards.
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta and fellow midfielder Tomas Rosicky will leave the Premier League club when their contracts expire this summer.
President Trump's Supreme Court pick, Judge Neil Gorsuch, is the youngest such nominee in a quarter of a century.
Bristol City have re-signed former defender Scott Golbourne from Wolves on a two-and-a-half year deal.
Nick Blackwell's family expect the boxer to wake from his induced coma in the next 48 to 72 hours, reports BBC boxing correspondent Mike Costello.
One of the biggest web attacks ever seen has been aimed at a security blogger after he exposed hackers who carry out such attacks for cash.
To some, it is a party that speaks up for the people, challenging Germany's pro-European political establishment, and tackling tough issues which other parties are afraid to mention.
Cyberthieves who targeted Bangladesh's central bank tried to get away with $1bn (Â£700m), reports Reuters.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says he would like to see video technology used for offside after Manolo Gabbiadini's disallowed goal in the 3-2 EFL Cup final defeat by Manchester United.
Scarlets boss Wayne Pivac has given his players a double target when they host Ospreys in the Pro12 on Saturday.
Every Formula 1 driver has to start somewhere and often that's closer to the rear of the field than the front.
For many months Egyptian government control of the Sinai Peninsula has been tenuous at best.
The proposed 10-month Premiership rugby season "fills players with dread", says Leicester Tigers captain Tom Youngs.
Liam Boyce described the feeling of scoring his first international goal as "unreal" after netting the winner for Northern Ireland against New Zealand.
Yvonne D'Arcy, who has won a landmark court case against the patenting of a cancer gene, is an Australian grandmother and has twice survived cancer.
Eastleigh moved to within two points of the National League play-off places as they won at relegation-threatened Torquay United.
Chris Froome opened a 52-second lead over rival Alberto Contador after Team Sky won the team time trial on the opening stage of the Vuelta a Espana.
Harland and Wolff has secured a major manufacturing contract that it says will support 200 jobs.
Captain Ashley Williams has challenged Swansea City to maintain their winning form following back-to-back wins in the Premier League.
Sir Ian McKellen is to be honoured by his childhood hometown of Wigan.
Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) has fallen 12 places in the latest global university rankings.
James Anderson said he was relieved and proud to have overtaken Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket-taker.
A bomb disposal team has detonated an American bomb left over from World War II found in the German city of Munich.
Labour has accused David Cameron of being hypocritical by writing to his local council in Oxfordshire to complain about proposed cuts.
US officials are checking reports that an American member of the so-called "Islamic State" group (IS) has been held in northern Iraq.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of Lewis Siddall in Doncaster.
It has been a fantastic year for space exploration this year, from landing the Rosetta space probe on a comet, to testing out rockets that could take astronauts to Mars.
Police are to review an investigation into the death of a man at his Gloucestershire farm 27 years ago.
A painting by the late artist Jean-Michel Basquiat has sold at auction in New York for $110.5m (Â£85.4m).
Spaniard Marc Marquez retained his MotoGP championship title with a second-place finish in Japan on Sunday.
Team Sky's Luke Rowe is hoping to take part in this year's Tour of Britain, which will finish in his home city of Cardiff.
The sale of the Green Investment Bank (GIB) by the UK government has been completed.
Thieves have made off with a haul of tools from a multi-million pound construction site in Dumfries.
Wimbledon men's wheelchair doubles champion Alfie Hewett has revealed that he forgot the winning rally of their final.
Exports from Wales are up more than 11%, outperforming the rest of the UK whose exports rose by just 0.4%, the first minister has said.
An attack on a house in Londonderry is being treated as a sectarian hate crime, police have said.
A drug dealer who climbed onto the roof of a Liverpool club during an incident in which a petrol bomb was thrown at police officers has been jailed.
Cardiff City's transfer embargo has been lifted by the Football League.
As a former TV presenter, Mike Nesbitt has a penchant for grabbing a headline.
The UK economy grew faster than previously estimated in the first three months of the year, figures have shown.
As Steve Williams prepares to help Adam Scott's quest for a second Masters title, the Kiwi caddie says his old boss Tiger Woods can still return to winning ways.
David Cameron has said that he does not expect an agreement to be reached on his EU reform aims at December's summit of European leaders.
Bristol took a significant step towards promotion to the Premiership with victory at Doncaster in their Championship play-off final first leg.
Birmingham City have signed Cheick Keita from Italian Serie B outfit Virtus Entella for an undisclosed fee.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in first practice at the inaugural European Grand Prix at Baku in Azerbaijan.
A bill to recover the costs of treating Welsh asbestos patients from businesses or insurers has been passed by assembly members.
The first female commander of a major Royal Navy warship has been removed from her post following allegations of an affair with one of her officers.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man by setting a house on fire and locking him inside.
Australia's Nick Kyrgios struggled with a shoulder injury as he lost to compatriot John Millman at the US Open - admitting: "I don't know what to do."
A local Palestinian official has been killed in a car bomb explosion near the south Lebanese port city of Sidon, Lebanese security officials say.
Germany says it will deport two men born in the country but whose parents are foreign - the first such case in German history.
A Bangladeshi cricket team conceded 92 runs in the space of four balls to deliberately lose a match in a protest over umpiring.
Workers on Southern trains are to stage a 48-hour strike on 7 and 8 September in the continuing dispute over the role of guards, the RMT union has announced.
Around 1,500 troops have converged on the Vale of Glamorgan in what is believed to be one of the largest military exercises held in Wales.
A small bird that earned a last minute reprieve after supermarket giant Tesco retracted a bid to shoot it has been caught and released.
A Donegal councillor has complained after visitors to Rossnowlagh beach last weekend left "huge amounts" of rubbish behind.
An audio recording made on board an EgyptAir flight that crashed in the Mediterranean Sea in May discusses a fire, investigators say.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill has said his side are "far from a crisis point" but need to get their "mindset and attitude right".
Crime on the railways fell by 11% in Wales last year, while the number of sexual offences reported rose, new figures show.
A new public square has been proposed as part of plans for the next phase of Cardiff city centre's regeneration.
Eleven out of 17 district general hospitals in Wales have higher death rates than should be expected, according to statistics published by the Welsh government.
Criminals could be tracked down by the way they walk, a study has claimed.
Goals from Sam Vokes and Scott Arfield sealed a Championship victory for Burnley to extend Neil Warnock's wait for a first win as Rotherham boss.
Plans for a £12.5m scheme aimed at cutting congestion in Oxford have been put out to consultation.
A man who groomed and arranged to meet what he believed to be a young school girl was trapped by internet vigilantes, a court has heard.
A pub landlord killed an old friend with a single punch on the way to a wedding reception near Watford in Hertfordshire, a court has heard.
A boot, some old skeletons and a block of wood might not sound like the type of thing to entice you to Swansea.
At least four people have been killed in South Korea in an explosion at a chemical plant in the city of Ulsan.
The Mayor of London has called for "last-ditch" talks to avert a strike on the London Underground hours before it is due to begin.
The chief planning officer has said the transfer of planning powers to the new super councils has been a success.
Thailand has imposed new restrictions on taking children born to surrogate parents out of the country.
The Thames Barrier has closed for a record 50th time this winter, making it the busiest period in its history.
The US and China are working on a "range of options" on North Korea, the US top security adviser has said, as tensions mount over the country's nuclear and missile programmes.
A County Tyrone missionary who was injured after being shot in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) has returned to Northern Ireland.
Hartlepool United have signed striker Padraig Amond and agreed a new deal with midfielder Michael Woods.
An undercover officer has described a claim in court that he planted a bomb in the car of a convicted terrorist as an "interesting work of fiction".
French forces in Mali have killed or captured 10 members of an Islamist group which claimed responsibility for a hotel massacre last month, the defence ministry in Paris says.
Tuesday's National League game between Boreham Wood and Braintree Town has been postponed because of a frozen pitch at Meadow Park.
Greece's left-wing Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis is leading the offensive to persuade the nation's creditors to end austerity and forgive part of its debt.
A £3m package of "targeted discounts" for Scottish rail passengers with season tickets has been announced.
A regular congestion hotspot on the M4 is to get a £13.7m upgrade in a bid to ease rush hour traffic problems.
It was dubbed "Super Saturday" after Great Britain enjoyed their most successful day at the Olympics for more than 100 years.
Matt Lucas is set to return to Doctor Who for its 10th series.
More than 140 specialist developers and agents will arrive in Swansea to see a vision of the city centre's future.
Two university students have begun their bid to become the youngest pair ever to row across the Atlantic Ocean.
An emotional plea by the daughter of an anti-natural gas campaigner who took his own life has re-ignited a debate about the rights of farmers.
Manchester United's 1-0 derby defeat by Manchester City left new manager Louis van Gaal presiding over the club's worst start to a season since 1986-87.
The West Indies drew their tour match with Kent as weather impacted on their hopes of more batting practice on the final day in Canterbury.
African elephants have demonstrated what appears to be an instinctive understanding of human gestures, according to UK scientists.
Eight masked gunmen in Peru have robbed tourists enjoying a luxury riverboat cruise on the Amazon.
A Belfast man has recalled how his best friend was shot dead in front of him by a firing squad of Congolese rebels in 1964.
Fresh evidence has emerged which challenges the conviction of so-called "Angel of Death" nurse Colin Norris.
There is a long list of very good reasons why being leader of the opposition is known as the hardest job in British politics.
The organisation behind the Golden Globe Awards has praised Meryl Streep for her championing of the press.
It is 15 years since the National Assembly started in Wales and BBC Wales is looking at what devolution has meant for the NHS in Wales.
"The Scottish play" - as William Shakespeare's  Macbeth is known among actors - has become "the Scottish film" starring Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard as the infamous couple who murder their way to the throne of Scotland.
Firefighters have contained wildfires in southern France which threatened the city of Marseille but remain on alert as more windy conditions are expected.
The Fifa scandal is an "absolute disaster" for the multinationals who sponsor it - because they cannot escape taint from the perceived lapses of football's supreme governing body.
Europe captain Annika Sorenstam admits her team will be employing "plan B" as they seek to regain the Solheim Cup from the United States in Iowa this week.
South Sudan's sacked Vice-President Riek Machar no longer has a role to play as a political leader in the country, the presidency says.
Wakefield Trinity duo Jacob Miller and David Fifita have both signed new two-year contracts.
A 67-year-old millionaire has been ordered by a judge to leave his home after his wife said she had been used as "an emotional punch bag".
Saudi Arabia and Iraq are investigating an incident in which six mortar bombs landed in a remote area of Saudi Arabia near the border with Iraq and Kuwait.
Bron i ddwy flynedd yn ôl, bu Cymru Fyw yn siarad ag un ferch ddewr o Ben Llŷn wedi iddi gael gwybod fod ganddi Hodgkin Lymphoma.
Hoaxes and fake stories in your News Feed should be a thing of the past, if Facebook's updated algorithm works.
London Irish captain Luke Narraway says improving their accuracy is the missing piece to their Premiership survival.
British number two Dan Evans was beaten 6-3 6-4 by Japan's Kei Nishikori in the second round of the BNP Paribas Open.
Three vehicles could have been used in a robbery involving two security guards carrying out cash transfers at a bank in Argyll, police have revealed.
Netherlands' World Twenty20 Group A match against Oman was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of heavy rain in Dharamsala.
The family of a student murdered on a Thai island have collected their son's posthumous first class degree from the university where he studied.
Warwickshire are hoping to make this season's final County Championship home fixture a day/night match.
A pedestrian has been run over and killed in Bristol.
A man who died after being restrained on an Aer Lingus flight to Dublin had reportedly ingested a number of small packages of cocaine.
A scheme to help new Welsh bands get wider exposure is set to return for a third year, backed by BBC Wales and the Arts Council of Wales.
The biggest commercial rocket campaign in history has been announced by OneWeb.
UKIP will win seats at the general election, even though they had no MPs at the end of the last parliament, its leader Paul Nuttall has predicted.
Jockey Kieren Fox escaped unhurt when he fell from his horse in a bizarre incident involving a golf ball during a race at Sandown.
An American space agency probe has returned the most detailed pictures ever of Jupiter's Great Red Spot.
A man is being treated for stab wounds after he was attacked by three men on his own doorstep.
Two of Nissan's main websites have been driven offline by a cyber-attack.
John Bercow has defended the decision that Commons clerks will no longer have to wear wigs, after one MP likened the move to an "executive order".
James Davis calls them his "fat old days".
Michael O'Halloran believes St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright is the best man to help him rediscover the form that led to a transfer to Rangers.
Data on pupils' nationality now being collected by schools will be not passed to immigration officials or the Home Office, the government has said.
Scotland's Gordon Reid won Paralympics gold in the wheelchair tennis singles final.
Exeter Chiefs pair Byron McGuigan and Chrysander Botha will leave Sandy Park in the summer, the club has confirmed.
Tata Steel is refusing to comment on claims it has made £700m windfall profits from a policy designed to protect the climate.
Jenny Meadows has had her 800m silver medal at the 2011 European Indoor Championships upgraded to gold after Yevgenia Zinurova was one of three Russian athletes banned for doping.
The Shetland Islands had more sunshine than Cornwall in July - only the eighth time this has happened since records began in 1929.
The executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation, which runs Wikipedia, has resigned after denying the group is considering building a search engine.
Readers have been using Your Questions to tell us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Striker Shola Ameobi says he signed a new deal with Notts County because he has unfinished business with a club capable of challenging for promotion.
A body found in Argyll earlier this month has been confirmed as being that of a missing woman.
Labour must have the "courage" to make talking about immigration policy a priority, Liam Byrne has said.
The company behind Wylfa Newydd has been told Anglesey council will not support the scheme "at any cost".
Mainland Chinese shares headed higher on Wednesday, recovering some of the steep losses made earlier this week on concerns about the economy.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck under a football stand.
Wydad Casablanca of Morocco travel to face Zesco United of Zambia on Wednesday to decide who tops Group A of the African Champions League.
Stevenage moved to within a point of the League Two play-off places after winning away against Newport County, who remain bottom of the table.
The medical helpline NHS 24 has shelved a new £117m phone system over fears for patient safety.
Prof Stephen Hawking has discussed the potential pitfalls of artificial intelligence, at an event in Cambridge marking the opening of the Centre for the Future of Intelligence.
A man has been given a life sentence for murdering his estranged wife at her West Lothian home while their two children slept upstairs.
A woman has died and four people were taken to hospital after winds felled trees and caused widespread disruption.
Former chancellor Denis Healey has died at the age of 98, his family has said.
Pubs and restaurants are calling for the chancellor to dilute the impact of business rate rises due in April.
The actress Joanna Lumley has unveiled a statue of Peter Pan to recognise the part Dumfries played as birthplace of the children's classic story.
Business leaders and politicians have welcomed a newly-allocated cash injection of £556m for the government's Northern Powerhouse project.
A senior Twitter executive has replied to criticism from a former employee about the firm's approach to diversity.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is walking further into a long, dark tunnel as he clings to his presidency.
It's a common experience when dashing for a train or plane while lugging a two-wheeled suitcase.
A Cardiff holidaymaker has been reunited with the mystery man who saved her from drowning off a French beach.
The company that plans to use the controversial fracking technique to extract natural gas in County Fermanagh intends to drill an exploratory borehole in August.
Cameroon has banned all night-time public transport on roads to curb accidents caused by heavy drinking, the transport ministry says.
An Aberdeenshire subsea business has won a contract worth more than £1m to remove explosives from around the world's longest pipeline.
A woman was killed when her scarf got caught in the wheel of a beach buggy she was travelling in.
Cyclist Daan Myngheer, 22, has died in hospital after suffering a heart attack during the first stage of the Criterium International in Corsica.
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of the host nation's Euro 2016 campaign with a thigh injury.
Great Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill narrowly failed to retain her Olympic heptathlon title as she won silver behind Nafissatou Thiam at Rio 2016.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has said it will recall 6.5 million vehicles globally over a faulty window switch.
African Union (AU ) soldiers allegedly killed six people at a wedding in Somalia's port town of Merca, Human Rights Watch (HRW) has said.
Staff should be allowed to dress down and work flexible hours during the hot spell of weather, the TUC has said.
A teenager has been arrested in connection with an alleged hit-and-run incident which left a boy in hospital.
Britain's Hannah Barnes finished third on the Women's Tour as Poland's Katarzyna Niewiadoma claimed the overall title after Sunday's final stage in London.
One of Europe's biggest youth festivals - the Urdd Eisteddfod - begins in Caerphilly county on Sunday.
Worlds End murderer Angus Sinclair is to drop his appeal against his conviction.
Two Kurds living in the UK are jailed for terror offences after trying to join so-called Islamic State fighters in Iraq.
An offshore vessel said to have produced almost 150 million barrels of oil over 36 years is scheduled to arrive in Shetland for decommissioning.
A motorist has admitted causing the death of a pensioner by driving carelessly on an Aberdeenshire road.
Hundreds of lives could be saved if patients with hip fractures were operated on in under 24 hours, a new study reveals.
George Cooper and Harry Davis goals earned Crewe Alexandra their first win in seven League Two matches as they beat Leyton Orient at Brisbane Road.
When the Six Nations committee decided to introduce a bonus-point system for the 2017 championship you could almost hear the contrasting reactions in rugby heartlands in Britain and Ireland.
A man deliberately crashed his car into a tree to kill his estranged wife who was travelling with him, a court has heard.
Michelle O'Neill only learned of the huge hole in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) budget at the time the scheme was closing, the Department for Agriculture has confirmed.
On the streets of Kolkata, I carried out a fairly unscientific experiment - showing passers-by a rugby ball and asking if they knew which sport it was used for.
Six cars have been set alight in Wrexham overnight, say North Wales Police.
A 21-year-old man has been charged with two counts of trespass after climbing a gate at Buckingham Palace, police say.
CCTV footage has been released of thieves stealing gifts from under a Christmas tree at a home in south London.
Liam Highfield made for a frustrated figure at the UK Championship in York after his final-frame defeat by twice former world champion Mark Williams.
Belgium has been ordered by European authorities to recover €700m (£524m; $763m) from 35 multinational companies after giving them illegal tax breaks.
An 87-year-old man who shot his wife dead at a care home has been sentenced to six years in prison.
The government is not doing enough to protect consumers from faulty products that can cause fires, former BBC presenter Lynn Faulds-Wood has said.
Heavy snowfall has created a huge traffic jam on a major motorway in Russia, trapping thousands of vehicles.
Actor Shia LaBeouf has launched his latest performance artwork in Liverpool, asking members of the public to phone him and "touch his soul".
British slopestyle bronze medallist Jenny Jones said she never thought about winning an Olympic medal when she began snowboarding.
Cardiff City's play-off hopes suffered a setback after the hosts were held to a goalless draw by Championship strugglers MK Dons.
Demolition of the St James Centre in Edinburgh will begin in May.
Police in southern India have filed a case against a legislator who threatened to behead those opposed to the building of a Hindu temple on the site of a destroyed mosque.
Championship side Sunderland are in talks with Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes over their vacant managerial position, BBC Newcastle reports.
Two people have been taken to hospital suffering from the effects of smoke inhalation after a house fire in Merthyr Tydfil.
An 80-year-old man who was hit by a bus in the centre of Glasgow is in a critical condition in hospital, police have said.
Louise Renicks is concerned that a lack of funding will shatter her sister Kimberley's dream of competing for Britain's judo team in the Olympics.
A man who was evicted from his home in a row over mortgage repayments has been barred from making future claims in court against repossession.
Age restrictions on a flagship job creation scheme will be lifted by the Welsh Conservatives if they win power.
Four drivers have admitted falling asleep while operating trams in Croydon, where seven people were killed after a tram derailed in November 2016.
Apollon Limassol of Cyprus or Moldova's Zaria Balti await Aberdeen in the Europa League's third qualifying round - if they get past Siroki Brijeg.
UK farming minister George Eustice has said he cannot guarantee that future agricultural support programmes will be as generous as current EU subsidies.
David Marshall deserves to be first-choice goalkeeper for Scotland despite the claims of Allan McGregor and Craig Gordon, believes ex-keeper Alan Rough.
Former Wimbledon champion Lleyton Hewitt guided Australia into the Davis Cup semi-finals as the hosts came from 2-0 down to beat Kazakhstan 3-2.
Ashok Singhal, a senior leader of India's Hindu nationalist Vishwa Hindu Parishad movement, has died aged 89.
The woman once seen as on track to becoming Japan's first female prime minister has resigned as defence minister.
Iceland earned a memorable point on their European Championship debut, holding Portugal to a draw in Group F.
Raine Spencer, stepmother of Diana, Princess of Wales, has died at 87 after a short illness, her family has announced.
The National Hockey League (NHL) has cancelled another two weeks of games, as the result of a lockout that threatens to wipe out the whole season.
Samsung and computer-chip-maker Nvidia have settled a two-year patent battle.
Mog's Christmas Calamity has topped the UK book chart for a third week.
The number of mental health patients in England who had to travel away from their local area to get care has risen by almost a quarter over the past year, figures seen by the BBC suggest.
The leaders of Turkey and Russia have spoken for the first time since the downing of a Russian military jet by Turkey sparked a diplomatic crisis.
Arsenal Ladies will aim to become the first British side to knock out German opposition in the Women's Champions League on Wednesday.
England's World Cup ended without even the scant consolation of a victory as they played out a tame draw with Costa Rica in Belo Horizonte.
Often the news features the same old cast of characters.
Once upon a time there was a middle-aged civil servant who told his children a story about rabbits.
Grace, 16, has been bullied for the past nine years, has moved schools twice, struggled with suicidal thoughts and taken medication for anxiety and depression.
Ebbsfleet salvaged a late draw at Maidenhead to extend their unbeaten run to 31 league games.
Sir Terry Wogan "was the one who made radio in an age of television", his close friend and fellow broadcaster Father Brian D'Arcy has said.
Craigavon-based pharmaceutical firm Almac has signed a deal with one of the world's largest biotech firms that could be worth more than £200m.
Chinese Super League clubs will only be allowed to play three non-Chinese players per game in their next season - which begins in March.
The cost of renting a home rose by 4.6% in the year to the end of April, the fastest rise since November 2010, property group LSL has said.
At least 42 people have been killed and 58 have been injured in General Motors vehicles that suffered from an ignition switch defect, according to the latest report by the claims administrator.
The World Championship is already into its second week and there has been plenty of excitement so far at Sheffield's Crucible Theatre, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary of hosting the event.
Authorities in France temporarily blocked trains from Italy in an attempt to stop north African migrants from entering the country.
England are "justified favourites" for the Champions Trophy on home soil next month, says ex-spinner Graeme Swann.
The BBC Trust has approved proposals to move BBC Three online, on the condition that the channel's long-form programmes will be shown on BBC One and Two.
A man who slept with a woman two days before footballer Ched Evans allegedly raped her has told a court he was "shocked" by her sexual behaviour.
The States of Guernsey is now paying more for getting its weather services from Jersey despite talks about the contract being cancelled.
Borussia Dortmund and Germany winger Marco Reus has been fined more than half a million pounds for driving without a licence.
Chelsea maintained their 10-point lead at the top of the Premier League with a 2-1 win at Stoke, while Tottenham beat Southampton 2-1 at home to stay second.
WBA featherweight champion Leo Santa Cruz says he wants a unification fight with IBF champion Lee Selby before facing Carl Frampton again.
Chancellor Philip Hammond is planning to embark on a major shift in gear on economic policy as the government embraces a more interventionist approach with increased spending on infrastructure projects.
Botswana's foreign minister has apologised for saying that Kenya's newly elected president would be banned from the southern African nation if he refuses to co-operate with the ICC.
A private jet and another small aircraft have sparked two separate full emergencies at Inverness Airport.
Brexit presents an opportunity to improve the way Wales' environment is looked after, according to the outgoing head of Natural Resources Wales.
Sepp Blatter has insisted that Fifa is not in crisis, despite the "great damage" done to its image by ongoing corruption allegations.
Plymouth Argyle have signed former Livingston goalkeeper Marc McCallum on an undisclosed-length contract.
England ended Sri Lanka's resistance to win the second Test by nine wickets and complete a series victory - with captain Alastair Cook reaching 10,000 Test runs.
A man has been punched and robbed in an Edinburgh Street by two men, one of whom had stumpy brown teeth.
Supporters and shareholders of Portsmouth have been presented with the terms of a takeover offer from ex-Walt Disney chief executive Michael Eisner.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell compiled his second hundred of the season against Hampshire to help rescue his side against their fellow County Championship Division One strugglers.
Egypt's presidential election has entered a third day after the military-backed interim authorities extended voting in an effort to boost turnout.
Northern Ireland goes to the polls on 5 May to elect the 108 members of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
What does Chancellor Philip Hammond's increasingly vocal stance on Brexit say about his intentions, his prime minister and his party?
A group of Indian technology and internet companies have pulled out of Facebook's Internet.org initiative, fearing it threatens the principle of "net neutrality".
From its earliest days the Vote Leave campaign believed that Britain's financial contributions to the EU would be one of its main trump cards during the referendum.
The Scottish government should have a seat at the Brexit negotiating table, a Conservative MEP has said.
A former soldier accused of rape has been cleared after a court heard he was suffering from a sleep disorder.
Whether it be housewives left to clear up the mess of their families, fathers freaking out when mummy leaves them holding the baby, or children picking "boys" or "girls" toys, the way men and women are portrayed in advertising can often lead to complaints.
Sterling has risen sharply following the High Court ruling on Article 50, while the FTSE 100 has fallen back.
Scotland has voted to remain part of the United Kingdom, but Scots can still expect significant changes in the taxes they will pay, and the welfare benefits they will receive, as soon as next year.
Drones flown by the general public are "a real and growing threat" to civilian aircraft, the head of aviation trade body Iata has warned.
Further Conservative MPs are "more likely than not" to follow Douglas Carswell to UKIP, the party's treasurer Stuart Wheeler has told the BBC.
Greater Manchester's mayor has called for Chancellor George Osborne to apologise for "wrongly claiming there would be no cuts to local policing".
(Close): The main US share indexes all fell on Tuesday as investors continued to fret about the effect of the strong dollar on corporate results.
Eight prisoners convicted of drug offences in Indonesia have been executed by firing squad.
The former Coronation Street set in Manchester is to be demolished, despite a campaign to save it.
Pakistan have recalled fast bowler Umar Gul for their one-day international series against England and Ireland.
The BBC has defended its coverage of Whitney Houston's funeral on its News Channel following complaints from viewers about its duration.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher died from sleep apnoea and "other factors", the Los Angeles County coroner says.
Barnsley have signed defender Matty Pearson from Accrington Stanley on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A date for a by-election after a new councillor resigned only days after being elected in Moray has been set.
A Banksy mural on the wall of a Cheltenham house could be listed under a bid being submitted to the council.
A psychologist working at Kids Company has admitted taking illegal drugs in the company of young people she met through the charity.
A violent rapist who first struck as a teenager more than 20 years ago has been jailed for life.
Firefighters responded to 40 bonfire-related incidents across Northern Ireland overnight, an increase of 21% on the Eleventh Night last year.
Cafodd Llinos Griffin neges gan ei brawd, Gareth, nos Sadwrn yn dweud ei fod wedi cloi ei hun mewn tŷ bach yn Borough, Llundain am ei fod yn ofni am ei fywyd.
The number of older carers in England is rising, with signs the pressures of looking after loved ones is damaging their health, research suggests.
Fiji ended an encouraging World Cup campaign with a seven-try win over Pool A minnows Uruguay in Milton Keynes.
Officers were justified in using a patrol car to kill a dog running loose on the A55, a review for North Wales Police has said.
Relatives of those who died on board Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 are travelling to Madagascar to lobby for the search for debris from the missing aircraft to be expanded.
A motorist was filmed driving with the windscreen almost completely obscured by snow in Aberdeenshire.
Queen of the South kept their slim play-off hopes alive with a win against Raith Rovers, who remain without a win in 16 games in all competitions.
Diego Forlan expects his Atletico Madrid team-mate David de Gea to be a big hit at Manchester United - if he can adapt to life in England.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was critically injured in a "disturbance" involving several people.
When Manchester City announced that Pep Guardiola - the world's most coveted and celebrated manager - would succeed Manuel Pellegrini in the summer, there was not a cloud on the club's horizon.
Sir Bradley Wiggins "must produce" at March's World Championships in London if he is to make the track team for the Rio Olympics, says British Cycling's technical director Shane Sutton.
Uganda have been disqualified from qualifying for the 2017 Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations for fielding an ineligible player.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a block of flats in south London.
A 64-year-old man found guilty of sexually assaulting youngsters in a Dumfries swimming pool has been ordered to carry out 200 hours unpaid work.
Brendan Rodgers says referee Don Robertson should apologise to Erik Sviatchenko for awarding a penalty that cost Celtic victory over Ross County.
Teenage Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract which will keep him at club until 2021.
Connor Jennings scored the only goal of the game as Wrexham beat Boreham Wood in the National League.
BBC Sport tracks all the manager ins and outs as well as listing all the current bosses in the Premier League, Scottish Premiership, English Football League and National League.
Amateur cricket in Yorkshire received a major overhaul in 2016 with the launch of the new Yorkshire Premier Cricket system.
Plymouth Argyle defender Sonny Bradley says the League Two leaders still have better performances in them.
An exotic snake had a lucky escape after apparently being fly-tipped at the side of a road with a pile of kitchen cupboards.
CS Lewis's magical realm of Narnia is to return to the big screen with a film of his 1953 novel, The Silver Chair.
More organs are being donated and more lives saved a year after Wales became the only nation in the UK to introduce a new donation law, say ministers.
Chinese property giant Dalian Wanda is set to invest $1bn (£667m) in a development near Sydney Harbour.
AFC Wimbledon has been given permission to build a new stadium close to its spiritual home in Plough Lane.
Disney's new version of The Jungle Book has taken a big bite out of the US box office, topping it with $103.6m (£73.1m) in its opening weekend.
Internet giant Google has changed the tagline on the homepage of its Palestinian edition from "Palestinian Territories" to "Palestine".
Clubs making wholesale changes are "cheating fans" out of an FA Cup run, according to BBC pundit Alan Shearer.
Ospreys will rest Wales forwards Alun Wyn Jones and Justin Tipuric for the home European Challenge Cup game against Grenoble on Saturday.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of "hypocrisy" over the Boxing Day "standstill" on the rail network.
Hearts have added to their defensive options with the signing of Igor Rossi Branco on a one-year deal after the Brazilian's exit from Maritimo.
Prince Charles is to attend an interfaith service for the Kirking of the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
Barry Hawkins says the picturesque serenity of the Derbyshire countryside has helped him relax and find his best form at the Crucible.
The Obama administration has made no bones about it - it wants a strong Britain within a strong Europe.
Politicians and public figures have been reacting to a call by Northern Ireland's attorney general for an end to prosecutions for Troubles-related killings.
Leeds and England full-back Zak Hardaker has joined NRL side Penrith Panthers with immediate effect in a swap deal for hooker James Segeyaro.
Dylan Hartley should continue as England captain despite his latest disciplinary issue, according to Rugby Football Union boss Ian Ritchie.
A burglar who was filmed by a BBC wildlife presenter's "fox camera" has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.
An explosion has rocked the diplomatic area of the Afghan capital, Kabul, police have said, with at least 12 people killed and 60 injured.
BBC commentator Brendan Foster is to retire following August's World Athletics Championships in London.
Ross Laidlaw admits he had to pinch himself as he made his Hibs debut in their Europa League second qualifying round second leg win over Brondby.
There were 24,300 excess deaths in England and Wales last winter - about half the number of the previous year.
Gabon has signed deals to diversify its economy in an attempt to be less reliant on its dwindling oil reserves.
Bydd Aelodau Cynulliad yn cwrdd â gwleidyddion a chynrychiolwyr busnes o Iwerddon i drafod yr effaith posib y gallai Brexit ei gael ar borthladdoedd Prydain.
Zayn Malik has left One Direction, the band has said in a statement.
Aberdeen have confirmed Peter Pawlett is likely to sign for MK Dons at the end of the season.
Oxford United midfielder Rob Hall says he is "thankful" to have played his part in a derby victory against Swindon Town, after overcoming injury.
The government is to press ahead with a cut in fees for solicitors in criminal legal aid cases, but has shelved similar plans for barristers.
Daniel Craig has said he has not made any decisions about whether he will carry on playing James Bond.
Households with fire-prone tumble dryers are still being told they may wait up to three months to register for a repair, a consumer group has said.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he will prioritise spending on new homes and transport rather than following his predecessor George Osborne's aim to balance the books by 2020.
About 5,800 homes are currently without electricity across Northern Ireland as Storm Frank brings heavy rain and gales in from the west.
Complaints made to water companies have fallen for the seventh successive year, but are still dominated by worries about bills.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha believes Jonatan Johansson will bring a cool head to the Ibrox coaching staff.
More than eight billion videos are now viewed on Facebook every day, according to the social network.
An "incident is ongoing" at Cardiff prison, the Ministry of Justice have confirmed.
Australian sprinting legend and four-time Olympic gold medallist Betty Cuthbert has died aged 79.
This Budget is "bold in building the aspirations of working people", according to Chancellor George Osborne.
From rovers to rockets, the UK Space Agency has been showing us how the UK has helped with space exploration.
The singer Lily Allen has spoken to BBC Newsnight about her experience of being stalked and how she believed the police response was to "victim-shame".
England require their best-ever fourth-innings run chase to beat Pakistan in the second Test after a dire third day.
Three police officers have been charged with perjury following the death of a student in custody five years ago.
Facebook has bought messaging app WhatsApp in a deal worth a total of $19bn (£11.4bn) in cash and shares.
Further stormy weather is expected across many parts of the UK as coastal communities already hit by flooding begin to assess the damage.
Full-back Luke Shaw suffered a double fracture of his right leg in Manchester United's 2-1 Champions League loss at PSV Eindhoven.
An eight-month old Canadian baby has been issued a health card without a gender marker, in what could be the first case in the world.
A fisherman has died and another is still missing after a boat sank in Pembrokeshire, police have confirmed.
Nine thousand images are to be inspected in the case of a Londonderry man charged with committing terrorist offences in the Middle East.
The threat of industrial action by workers building the Hinkley Point nuclear power station has been averted due to an interim pay deal.
Russia beat France 22-19 to win women's handball gold at Rio 2016.
NRL runners-up Melbourne Storm have rejected the opportunity to play in the 2017 World Club Series, preferring to stay in Australia during pre-season.
Glasgow Warriors' postponed European Rugby Champions Cup Pool 3 match against Racing 92 has been rearranged for Saturday 9 January at 13:00 GMT.
Bolivia's military chiefs have ordered the dismissal of 702 servicemen who have been protesting to demand better working conditions.
As Nike suspends its relationship with tennis superstar Maria Sharapova not only is one of the most lucrative sports partnerships under threat, but so too could be her phenomenal brand appeal to sponsors.
Olympic champion Justin Rose will miss the rest of the 2015-16 season to fully recover from a back injury.
A famed stencil image of a girl with a balloon by graffiti artist Banksy is being removed from the wall of an east London shop and sold.
On Wednesday 20 July 2011 - the anniversary of the attempt on Hitler's life in 1944 - the public was informed that the grave of Rudolf Hess, the "Fuehrer's deputy", had been razed before daybreak.
Two men have been charged following disturbances in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, on Friday night.
A telephone helpline has been set up in the Isle of Man for women who have bought so-called abortion pills online.
The FTSE 100 remained on track for its best week since July, but shares in Capita continued to fall.
The Ebola crisis proves the World Health Organization (WHO) lacks the "capacity and culture" to deal with global health emergencies, says a damning independent report, commissioned by the WHO itself.
The haunting cries of five-year-old Rawan Alowsh, pulled alive from rubble in Aleppo by her ponytail, have reminded the world once again that behind the politics of Syria's civil war are millions of vulnerable children.
Chris Gayle is among the West Indies players who could now play in this year's one-day series in England after a "temporary amnesty" between their union and the team's cricket board.
For centuries the Berber men of North Africa have proved their worth in the high octane, dangerous sport of Fantasia.
Borussia Dortmund have suspended forward Ousmane Dembele "until further notice", three days after the club rejected a bid from Barcelona.
A former children's doctor from Leeds General Infirmary has been charged with possession of cocaine.
Great Britain surrendered a two-goal lead to lose 4-3 to Australia in a dramatic second Test in Narrogin.
Nicola Sturgeon is "likely" to make a statement on her independence referendum plans by the end of next week, her spokesman has said.
A move to Manchester United "would be very tempting", says Monaco midfielder Fabinho, who has been linked with the Old Trafford club.
A woman killed in a police standoff outside Baltimore tried to live stream the siege but authorities successfully had her social media accounts deactivated.
Miners at a North Yorkshire coal mine set to close this year have staged a rally to call on the government to provide funds to keep it open.
Detectives investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed outside a gym are appealing for information regarding his movements prior to his death.
Former Cardiff City captain Mark Hudson does not understand why striker Joe Mason has been sold to Wolves.
A mother-of-three was strangled by her ex-partner after she began a new relationship, a court has heard.
Sir Cliff Richard and South Yorkshire Police have settled a legal fight over reports naming him as a suspected sex offender.
Michel Platini's appeal against his eight-year ban from all football-related activity will be heard by Fifa's appeals committee on Monday.
China is preparing to relocate nearly 10,000 people to make way for the world's largest radio telescope.
Rangers winger Harry Forrester will miss Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic after a scan revealed he has a hairline fracture of the leg.
Tuesday marked the first time since a stand-off over a disputed Orange Order parade in Belfast started in July 2013, that the three lodges involved have not spoken with one voice.
Canada's Banff Mountain Film Festival is about to begin its latest world tour, which includes dates and venues in the UK and Ireland.
Hampshire could have its first female Chief Constable by 11 March after Olivia Pinkney has been named the force's preferred candidate.
Developers of the BitTorrent file-sharing process have opened an experimental data-synchronising tool up to the public.
Seventh Heaven, ridden by Seamie Heffernan, sprang a surprise to win the Irish Oaks for trainer Aidan O'Brien.
Johnny Depp is set to have a role in the second Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them film, due out in 2018.
A rhino was killed by poachers in India's Kaziranga national park on the same day the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge toured the sanctuary.
Director Lynne Ramsay has settled a legal dispute with the producers of the film Jane Got a Gun, which she quit days before shooting began last year.
The Congolese government has blamed attacks on government buildings in the capital, Brazzaville, on the Ninja militia group.
A Dundee restaurateur who paid a failed asylum seeker £4 an hour to run his kitchen has been placed on a six-month curfew.
The redevelopment of a County Durham town could generate £20m a year for the region's economy and create more than 400 jobs, a report says.
The trophy to be presented to the winner of the Tour de Yorkshire has been unveiled.
About 100 water voles are to be released in the Yorkshire Dales.
At least 26 Shia Muslim pilgrims have been killed by a group of gunmen who opened fire on a bus in western Pakistan, officials said.
Outdoor air pollution is contributing to about 40,000 early deaths a year in the UK, say the Royal Colleges of Physicians and of Paediatrics and Child Health.
Pub and restaurant group Mitchells & Butlers (M&B) has appointed the director of a rival company as its new chief executive.
Mario Suarez has left Watford to join Chinese side Guizhou Hengfeng Zhicheng FC for an undisclosed fee.
A sinkhole which opened up on the A1 on Tyneside and brought delays to tens of thousands of motorists has been repaired, highways officials have said.
Moped gangs armed with machetes have been terrorising people in the streets close to Prince George's future primary school, locals have said.
Two men have been arrested by police in connection with a disturbance in Chambers Street in Edinburgh.
Northampton Saints centre Harry Mallinder is among 13 youngsters to sign new deals with the club.
Liberal Democrat, some Labour and SDLP MPs have told the BBC they are prepared to vote against triggering Article 50.
Roger Federer has signed a three-year deal to play at his hometown event in Basel until the age of 38.
Plaid Cymru is "actively considering" whether to seek a coalition with Labour, leader Leanne Wood has said.
The mother of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Anisa, has died at the age of 86 in the capital Damascus, his office announced.
Austria's Constitutional Court is due to rule on the far-right Freedom Party's challenge to the result of last month's presidential run-off vote.
Russell Brand and Nigel Farage have continued to trade insults following their Question Time clash.
US authorities are investigating the death of blues legend BB King after two of his daughters claimed he was poisoned.
A hardware failure was the cause of the shutdown of some Halifax, Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and TSB cash machines and debit cards on Sunday.
Wales are unsure if forward Gareth Bale and midfielder Joe Allen will be fit for their friendly matches against Northern Ireland and Ukraine in March.
A history project has given a glimpse of Chester cathedral which has not been seen for centuries.
Scottish businesses and organisations are being urged to sign up for a scheme to keep their staff and the public safe in the event of a terrorist attack.
A judge at the Court of Session has said the Scottish government's decision to approve a 67-turbine wind farm near Fort Augustus was "defective".
The man in charge of delivering a major part of Bristol's MetroBus network has resigned from his role.
An Edinburgh Napier University student has created a range of tableware made from upcycled eggshells.
Until the Assembly broke for the election campaign, Claire Sugden was an occupant of what used to be called the "naughty corner".
Teachers could reduce their workload by outsourcing the marking of pupils' school work to staff overseas, suggests a leading education researcher.
A Norwegian ship detained in Kenya's Mombasa port for more than a week on suspicion of carrying drugs and illegal weapons has been released.
Japan led Asian shares higher after the Bank of Japan (BOJ) surprised markets by announcing more stimulus measures.
Kris Doolan has stressed the importance to Partick Thistle of holding on to Alan Archibald after a failed approach from English club Shrewsbury Town.
A BBC presenter who said women should "keep their knickers on" during a live debate about convicted rapist Ched Evans will face no action by Ofcom.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show that businesses are holding off from investing in the UK because of uncertainty about Brexit.
Art critics have given broadly positive reviews to this year's Turner Prize exhibition at Tate Britain.
Team GB cycling head coach Shane Sutton says 2012 Olympics hopeful Nicole Cooke did not cope with her gold medal success at the 2008 Beijing Games.
The soaring value of the Swiss franc against the euro has led Switzerland's central bank to report a first half loss of 50bn francs (Â£33bn).
A Cairo court has ordered forced virginity tests on female detainees in military prisons to be stopped.
Championship leaders Middlesex will be without Australia batsman Adam Voges for the remainder of the 2016 season.
China-based Gervinho has been recalled to the Ivory Coast squad as late replacement for injured Salomon Kalou.
Southern rail has been accused of bullying after it asked staff to sign a pledge not to strike in exchange for getting backdated holiday pay early.
Nottingham Forest have signed striker Jason Cummings from Hibernian for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Ambulance management in the east of England have been told they are running a "flimsy excuse for a service" by their own paramedics.
A group of amateur runners following the route of the Olympic torch look set to overtake it later on - but unlike the official relay, they are running every step of the way.
Police investigating the rape of a 37-year-old woman in a popular Glasgow park have arrested a man.
Newcastle United defender Paul Dummett has made himself unavailable to play for Wales.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has compared the rhetoric of US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to that of German Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.
Jonathan Rea extended his lead at the top of the World Superbike standings to 59 points after dominating race two at Laguna Seca in California.
A Qatari-led bid has won the battle to take over London's Canary Wharf complex after three of its major shareholders agreed to accept the Â£2.6bn offer.
The partner of EastEnders actress Sian Blake, whose body was found in their garden, is to be flown back from Ghana to the UK later, prosecutors have said.
An NHS England report on vaginal mesh implants has recommended better support and communication between patients and doctors over the devices.
Castleford chief executive Steve Ferres has resigned with immediate effect.
Labour says children are being crammed "like sardines" into "super-sized" school classes, as it focuses its general election campaign on education.
The Russian government is to spend at least 2.34 trillion roubles ($35bn, Â£23bn) to try to stave off an economic crisis, following a collapse in oil prices and the value of the rouble.
British artist Sir Peter Blake has recreated the iconic album sleeve for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band on his 80th birthday.
Tributes have been paid to Bridgend-born actress Deddie Davies, who has died at the age of 78.
The Conservatives have held nearly all constituencies in Kent, where sitting MPs including cabinet member Greg Clark have kept their seats.
Dublin earned their expected place in the All-Ireland Football semi-finals as they clinched a comfortable 2-23 to 2-15 win over a battling Fermanagh side.
Elise Christie has become a triple world champion after victory in the 1000m, 1500m and the overall title at the World Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Rotterdam.
Peers have voted by more than two to one to back government plans for same-sex marriages in England and Wales.
Syria's war has reached "new levels of brutality", the UN says, with evidence of fresh suspected massacres, sieges and violations of children's rights.
The US army says it has mothballed plans to deploy a robot developed in conjunction with Google because it is "too loud".
Apple's investors are spooked.
Some of BBC Radio Cymru's first presenters will return to the station on Tuesday for its 40th anniversary.
A new fund to replace EU economic aid will be created by the Conservatives if they win the general election.
A soldier fired all his ammunition around the time an innocent teenager was killed in west Belfast in 45 years ago, a coroner's court has heard.
Scottish Water has said a water supply which has prompted complaints about its quality is safe and "complies 100%" with standards.
A 79-year-old man has died after being struck by a lorry in east Belfast.
House price increases accelerated in April, rising by 9.9% compared with the same month a year ago, according to official figures.
Entertainment giant Walt Disney has announced the sale of its Miramax film division for about $660m to a group of private equity investors.
Work to help prevent flooding on a main road in Rhondda Cynon Taff has been completed.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA and Reuters
Islamic State militants are trying to develop the ability to launch deadly cyber-attacks on UK targets such as air traffic control or hospitals, Chancellor George Osborne has said.
A Labour councillor in Glasgow who had been de-selected by the party has defected to the SNP.
Arsenal defender Gabriel has been ruled out for six to eight weeks, increasing the likelihood of a bid for Valencia centre-back Shkodran Mustafi.
New Celtic midfielder Eboue Kouassi is "not getting worried" about the competition he faces for a place in Brendan Rodgers' team.
Speculation linking Gareth Bale with a move away from Real Madrid is "ridiculous" and "stupid", according to the Wales forward's agent.
The public's overwhelming rejection of a change in the voting system is a "bitter blow", Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said.
A team of schoolchildren's rocket-powered model car has broken the world speed record, it is claimed.
Searches have been carried out in north Belfast after police received information that an explosive device was thrown at one of its patrols.
Motherwell were left to rue missed chances as they were held to a goalless draw at home to Kilmarnock.
Sunday's Ulster Hurling Championship final between Antrim and Armagh will go ahead as scheduled despite concerns over fixture scheduling.
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre is backing goalkeeper Scott Fox to recover from the error that gifted Rangers a goal in Sunday's 3-1 defeat.
Defending world champion Jonathan Rea has won the opening race of the 2017 Superbike World Championship at Phillip Island.
Sweden is ending identity checks on border crossings with Denmark that were instituted early last year as thousands of migrants arrived seeking asylum.
The UK's first woman jumbo jet pilot has retired after landing at Gatwick Airport for the last time.
Ricky Walden is through to the China Open final after a 6-5 semi-final victory over Scotland's John Higgins.
Despite spending the past six years playing Kalinda Sharma on Emmy-award-winning The Good Wife, Archie Panjabi has learnt not to second-guess how people may recognise her.
A corruption investigation expected to contain damning allegations against South African President Jacob Zuma will not be published on Friday, as planned.
Plans to reintroduce the Eurasian lynx 1,300 years after it became extinct in the UK will be submitted soon, campaigners have said.
Millions of students and former students in England and Wales will face a sharp increase in interest rates on tuition fees and maintenance loans.
A US-led coalition air strike killed at least 20 civilians in a village north of so-called Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, activists say.
Ex Machina is your standard film script of boy meets girl.
A lorry driver from Romania has been arrested after a motorcyclist died in a collision on the M25 in Essex.
An Australian child abuse survivor has called on the Catholic Church to reform its laws on confession to ensure crimes are reported to police.
Great Britain's Davis Cup quarter-final against France in April will be played on an indoor clay court in Rouen.
A dairy industry leader in Wales has called for more fairness in the supply chain following a dramatic drop in the price farmers get for their milk.
South African civil engineer Naadiya Moosajee co-founded non-profit organisation WomEng to help develop the next generation of female engineers in Africa.
A man who was "dead" for almost an hour after suffering a cardiac arrest has visited the flying doctors who saved him to say thank you.
An open casting call is to be held to find a girl to star in JK Rowling's Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
For almost 200 years a group of volunteers called the RNLI have been taking the plunge into the seas around the UK.
A Dumfries school for children with severe and complex needs could be relocated to a new "learning campus" under new council plans.
The web's creator has attacked any UK plans to weaken encryption and promised to battle any moves by the Trump administration to weaken net neutrality.
Fernando Alonso is poised to start the British Grand Prix from the back of the grid following fresh engine penalties.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has told the BBC she would like to see the petition of concern scrapped at Stormont.
Fewer children would develop infections in intensive care if the plastic tubes used to deliver drugs straight into their veins were coated in antibiotics, a study in The Lancet suggests.
Three men have been charged with fraud for allegedly conspiring to sell horsemeat as beef.
Edinburgh boxer Lee McGregor admits there was a time he thought he would not make this year's Scottish Championships.
Englishman Tommy Fleetwood held his nerve to win the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles in a play-off with Scotland's Stephen Gallacher and Ricardo Gonzalez of Argentina.
Moray Council's new administration has been confirmed as a Conservative and independent coalition.
The European Union's top trade official says the UK cannot begin negotiating terms for doing business with the bloc until after it has left.
A senior detective who briefly led the inquiry into the disappearance of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest that Robert Howard could have been charged years earlier.
Visitor numbers to Northern Ireland hit an all-time high in 2015, according to new tourism statistics.
A contestant on a US TV show has been outed as being transgender by one of his fellow competitors.
Southend United say striker Nile Ranger is facing suspension by the League One club after a "breach of discipline".
A man has denied brandishing a plastic gun and a knife near two schools.
A statue honouring the only man to win the Victoria Cross on D-Day will be built in Middlesbrough after receiving council approval.
Ecologists have used a tail-mounted "crow cam" to catch wild New Caledonian crows in the act of making and using hook-shaped tools.
Lancashire pair Luke Procter and Matthew Parkinson have both signed new two-year contracts.
US singer Kelly Clarkson has been thwarted in her bid to take a ring which once belonged to Jane Austen out of the UK.
"Is the message from Munich a message of continued fighting, or are we going to be capable, in the course of this year, of giving peace a chance?"
This is an extraordinary rejection of the EU in Wales, especially in the areas which have received the most EU cash - the south Wales valleys.
Anthony Joshua must prove he can handle the pressure and distractions of holding world heavyweight titles, says former champion Mike Tyson.
Paramedics have treated a number of people for the effects of breathing in fumes at a circus in Carrickfergus, County Antrim.
Implementing stricter recycling policies too fast across Wales could lead to fly-tipping problems, an assembly member has warned.
Investigations into nearly 60 allegations of unlawful killing against UK soldiers in Iraq have been dropped, the Ministry of Defence says.
Prisons in England and Wales are to see their biggest overhaul in a generation, Justice Secretary Liz Truss has said.
A man has been jailed for attempted rape despite police not knowing who he is or finding his victim.
US electric carmaker Tesla has offered to buy solar panel company SolarCity in a bid to expand its clean energy business.
Campaigners have hailed a landmark ruling giving Uber drivers the right to the minimum wage, paid holiday and sick leave.
Edinburgh Festival Fringe has announced its biggest ever line-up for this summer.
Northern Ireland goalkeeper Roy Carroll has signed for Premiership club Linfield on a one-year deal.
The second part of our poll for BBC Scotland gives further clues on voter priorities ahead of the Holyrood election in exactly one month from now.
A 400,000-strong photography archive is to be moved from Bradford's National Media Museum to London.
Alcohol advertising should be banned at music and sports events to protect young people from excessive exposure, a charity says.
Celtic and Rangers will meet in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, while holders Hibernian face Aberdeen in the other last four match.
Geraint Thomas has recovered from the injuries he sustained at the Giro d'Italia to be named in Team Sky's squad for next month's Tour de France.
Teenage girls are more likely than boys to think that going to university is a good idea, new research suggests.
Train passengers across England are to be hit by further strike action, RMT officials have said.
Ben Proud claimed his fourth British record of the ASA National Winter Meet on the final day in Sheffield.
A Team GB athlete has been robbed while returning to their accommodation at the Olympic Games in Rio.
London Welsh are "extremely disappointed" by the Rugby Football Union's decision to expel them from the Championship and the professional game.
Consensual sex and sexual abuse were both common at the Haut de la Garenne children's home in the 1980s, a care inquiry has heard.
Pope Francis has taken part in events to commemorate the anniversary of the Protestant Reformation during his trip to Sweden.
Mark Pettini hit a career-best 159 from 135 deliveries to help Leicestershire beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup.
World Rugby have moved to allay fears that Wales's 2017 South Pacific tour is in doubt because of concerns over facilities and medical cover.
Budget cuts are leading to a large drop in the number of experienced officers at Chelmsford Prison, harming the care of inmates, a watchdog has warned.
No action is to be taken against a former Formula 1 team after test driver Maria de Villota suffered a severe crash in Cambridgeshire in 2012, the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) said.
An "extremely rare" £1 coin is expected fetch up to £50,000 when it is auctioned off.
They say that your whole life can turn on one chance event or meeting, and nothing could be truer for Irish rider Padraig McCarthy.
The future of the Port Talbot steelworks will be discussed when Tata Steel bosses meet union officials in the coming days, the BBC has been told.
Labour MP Jim Murphy has suspended his Scotland-wide tour ahead of the independence referendum, citing "co-ordinated abuse" from "Yes" voters.
Chris Powell hopes Derby County can emulate his ex-club Leicester City's achievements as the East Midlands duo prepare for Friday's FA Cup meeting.
A tram and a lorry have collided in Nottingham city centre.
The world's first cancer vaccine was administered in Australia exactly 10 years ago.
China and South Korea are set to sign a free trade agreement that aims to remove most barriers to trade between the countries.
Malaga forward Jack Harper is among 10 uncapped players named in the Scotland Under-21 squad to face Estonia.
One of the first doctors who identified the likely link between the Zika virus and thousands of babies being born with underdeveloped brains has been answering your questions.
Lloyd Kinnaird's second-half strike helped East Stirlingshire defeat East Fife on the opening day of the Scottish League Two season.
Scottish retail sales fell last month as consumers started to "tighten their belts", according to new figures.
Campbell Corrigan has been named acting Chief Constable of Strathclyde Police following Stephen House's appointment to head Scotland's new single force.
Police have warned the public not to approach a man reported missing from a psychiatric hospital in Dumfries.
Woking saw off Chester to secure their first National League win of the season.
British number one Johanna Konta will play in the first women's Tie Break Tens event, in Madrid on 4 May.
Great British Bake Off winner Nadiya Hussain said she has had "no offers" from Channel 4 to join the show.
Michael Clarke has been declared fit to captain co-hosts Australia at the World Cup which begins next month.
The growth of Islamist violence in the Sahel is threatening the stability of the entire region that runs south of Africa's Sahara Desert, a UN envoy has told the Security Council.
Funding of £12m has been promised by the government to help preserve the Ironbridge Gorge in Shropshire.
African Champions League winners Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa lost again at the Club World Cup going down 4-1 to Jeonbuk Motors in Osaka.
Apple and five publishers are to be investigated over anti-competitive practice in the e-book market, says the European Union's anti-trust watchdog.
Ex-England footballer Adam Johnson has lost a Court of Appeal challenge against his conviction for sexual activity with a schoolgirl.
US President Donald Trump has approved supplying weapons to Kurdish forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria, the Pentagon says.
It was a bitter, snowy Saturday evening when Moira Anderson left her grandmother's house in Coatbridge to buy some butter.
A new rock trap is to be constructed at Edinburgh Castle.
Manchester United are interested in signing Bayern Munich midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger and Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos.
Great Britain have named an experienced rowing squad for the Rio Paralympics.
A highly dangerous method of producing super-strength cannabis is emerging in the UK, police and firefighters say.
More than a quarter of GPs surveyed in Wales are considering leaving the profession, a report by a doctors' group has said.
A man has died in a fire on the first floor of a house in East Sussex.
One and a half kilograms of what is believed to be Semtex plastic explosive have been found at a block of flats in north Belfast.
Labour deputy leader Tom Watson has refused to apologise for demanding that police investigate sex abuse claims against the late Lord Brittan.
A student has described coming to as a man was attacking her in a Cardiff park after a night out during freshers' week.
The Foreign Office has launched a review into whether its overseas aid is being used "effectively".
Chairman Mehmet Dalman says Paul Trollope is not a "cheap option" to succeed Russell Slade as Cardiff boss.
France is commemorating the 100th anniversary of The Battle of Verdun, World War One's longest battle.
The only wild beavers in England have been released back into their river home after being given a clean bill of health.
The overall breastfeeding rate in Scotland has stayed relatively static over the last 10 years, despite efforts to highlight the benefits.
Reading have appointed Brian McDermott as their new boss on a two-and-a-half year deal, just under three years after he was sacked by the Championship club.
Firefighters tackled a large fire in a high-rise building in the Gunwharf Quays area of Portsmouth.
Ireland's women's golfers Stephanie Meadow and Leona Maguire lie well off the lead after Friday's third round of their Olympic Games competition in Rio.
A five-storey mural depicting a married lesbian couple has been painted on a city centre building in Belfast, as part of the same-sex marriage campaign.
Right from the start, the Argentine government's attitude to its debt dispute with US hedge funds made it all but inevitable that the country would fail to reach a compromise.
A couple left their 13-month-old son alone in a bath where he drowned as they entertained a friend, a court heard.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn could be facing a new battle after "moderate" MPs seized key policy making positions.
Thousands of Poles have taken part in marches in Warsaw and other cities to protest about plans of the conservative government, which they say will curtail privacy and freedom.
Marcus Trescothick, Tom Abell and Tom Cooper all hit centuries as Somerset piled up 569-5 on day two against relegation rivals Hampshire at Taunton.
These days, it feels like every time there is an election in Europe - or in America - Russia is cast in the role of bad guy.
Bells in Liverpool tolled 96 times as the city remembered those who died 26 years ago in the Hillsborough disaster.
Nigeria have failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations after falling to a 1-0 defeat in Egypt in their Group G match on Tuesday.
The organisers of two privacy campaigns say they plan to buy, then sell, the internet browsing histories of some of America's best-known politicians.
Portsmouth have signed striker Conor Wilkinson on loan from Bolton Wanderers until the end of the season.
An Iraqi government minister has been kidnapped in north-eastern Baghdad, said security sources.
Uefa has opened proceedings against Albania and Romania after incidents in Sunday's Euro 2016 match in Lyon.
Loan players Harvey Rodgers and Noor Husin secured Accrington a home win over Notts County in their League Two relegation battle.
A Londonderry recycling plant destroyed in a fire that began on Wednesday morning is being demolished.
Defensive midfielder Ben Tozer has joined League Two's Newport County on a one-year deal.
Celtic have won a sixth consecutive Scottish Premiership title with eight games to spare after thrashing Hearts 5-0 at Tynecastle on Sunday.
A natural cemetery for 11,000 burials has been approved for greenbelt land in Derbyshire.
Alan Johnson has been named shadow chancellor in a surprise move by new Labour leader Ed Miliband.
A bid to stop a Cardiff man from being deported to Afghanistan has failed.
The UK has appointed an ambassador to Iran for the first time since 2011, as part of its aims for "more productive co-operation".
Two men have gone on trial accused of a string of sexual offences involving underage girls in Essex.
The number of patients waiting four or more hours at A&E has risen more than 300% at some hospitals, it has emerged.
All photographs by Daniel Freeman.
An electric car charger that can find its own way into a vehicle has been unveiled by Tesla Motors.
A former police officer's debut novel has won the Â£3,000 main prize at one of the UK's top crime-writing festivals.
Alastair Seeley goes into this year's North West 200 with the aim of securing the one win he needs to become the most successful rider ever at the event.
Leading US Republicans have denounced President Barack Obama's move to tighten gun controls.
Benfica coach Rui Vitoria has not ruled out Sweden defender Victor Lindelof joining Manchester United next month.
Fourteen teams started the 11th World Cup in Australia and New Zealand - only four now remain to contest the semi-finals.
Narendra Modi is probably celebrating the first anniversary of his landslide victory with a Chinese meal.
US terrorism "expert" Steven Emerson has apologised for describing Birmingham as a "Muslim-only city".
Gary Madine netted a 74th-minute equaliser to earn Bolton an unlikely draw and prevent former Bradford City boss Phil Parkinson from tasting defeat on his return to Valley Parade.
Rhys Patchell says he has had a "whirlwind few days" after being named full-back in Wales' team to play world champions New Zealand on Saturday.
Homeless people who keep possessions in doorways in Oxford have been warned they face fines of up to £2,500.
Millwall returned to the League One play-off places with a home win over Peterborough after Lee Gregory redeemed himself from the penalty spot.
A Roman glass bowl has caused museum staff a headache after having to be put back together four times.
A raised walkway has been recommended as the "optimal solution" to long-standing flooding problems in the Whitesands area of Dumfries.
Scarlets hooker Emyr Phillips is likely to miss Wales' Six Nations campaign as he prepares to undergo surgery on a dislocated shoulder, which will sideline him for up to 12 weeks.
Labour says it is going to protect 10,000 police jobs, which would otherwise have been lost over the next three years.
Families of victims of downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 are suing Russia and its President Vladimir Putin in the European Court of Human Rights.
The Rugby Football League has approved plans to raise the salary cap in Super League from £1.825m to £2.1m by 2020.
A man whose kayak was attacked by a saltwater crocodile has been rescued from an island in Australia.
Labour MPs in London have signed a Commons motion calling for transport fares in the capital to be frozen at the rate of inflation for 2014.
A woman was attacked with a stun device during a car-jacking in Birmingham - the sixth such attack in as many days.
Rotherham United manager Neil Warnock said he does not leave clubs "in worse-off situations" after taking charge until the end of the season.
A man is due in court charged with an assault on a four-week-old baby boy.
A City of Edinburgh Council official is being treated in hospital after being knocked down by a taxi outside their offices in the capital.
Great Britain beat Japan 5-3 at the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup in Malaysia.
A pensioner has been jailed for seven years for raping an 11-year-old girl and attempting to rape a 10-year-old more than 30 years ago.
English rider Jamie Hodson died in a crash at the Dundrod 150 on Thursday while Northern Irishman Stephen Lynd is critically ill after another incident.
Our selection of some of the best news photographs taken around the world during the past 24 hours.
Thousands of nurses were denied permission to work in England last year, despite hospitals facing staff shortages, new figures show.
The make-up of the bacteria found in human faeces may influence levels of dangerous fat in our bodies, say researchers from King's College London.
Back-row forward Alasdair Strokosch has retired from international rugby after 47 Test appearances for Scotland.
The thousands of Celtic supporters who were on hand to hail the arrival of Brendan Rodgers were understandably absent when his assistant, Chris Davies, met the media.
A straw-fired power station described as "virtually carbon neutral" has been fired for the first time.
Big matches against the best players turn on fleeting chances, and if you want to win Wimbledon, you have to relish those moments.
Tesco has sold Homeplus, its South Korean business, for £4.2bn as the troubled supermarket chain seeks to shore up its balance sheet.
The sense of optimism at Wrexham ahead of the new National League season is reflected by the increase in season ticket sales at the north Wales club.
The police have said graffiti sprayed on the home of the mayor of Coleraine is being treated as a hate crime.
England are one win away from a place in the European Under-21 Championship semi-finals after coming from behind to beat Slovakia on Monday.
The operator of Scotland's 11 regional airports handled more than 1.4 million passengers in the 12 months to March 2015, according to its annual report.
Final-year medical students at Glasgow University will have to resit an exam after evidence of "collusion" was uncovered.
Imagine a world where you can vote in an election with your phone, where you buy a house in a matter of hours, or where cash simply doesn't exist.
Belle Vue Aces have postponed their opening Elite League fixture of the season against Wolverhampton because of continuing track concerns at the National Speedway Stadium.
Swansea boss Francesco Guidolin has discussed his future with chairman Huw Jenkins, but does not know if the potential takeover will affect his job.
More than 200 jobs could be lost and council tax could rise under budget plans.
The Hajj has a history of deadly crushes but had been largely problem-free since Saudi Arabia overhauled the key Jamarat bridge site almost a decade ago.
The family of murdered teenager Becky Watts has vowed to mark the "sad milestones" of her life with "happy memories" a year after her death.
A woman who repeatedly pressed a pillow on her stroke-victim mother's face has been warned she could be jailed.
Prisoners at risk of becoming homeless on leaving jail are to be given more support to find a secure home, amid concern about their rehabilitation.
A man has been arrested in connection with an attack on Manchester United's team bus outside West Ham's Boleyn Ground.
A 24-year-old driver has been arrested after a crash which left two other men hurt, one seriously, in Bridgend.
Travellers to and from Australia have been left stranded or unable to go on holiday after an erupting volcano forced Indonesia to close five airports on Friday.
Organisers of the Big Burns Supper say they have "listened to their audience" by bringing back the Spiegeltent venue to the Dumfries festival next year.
The woman accused of murdering Becky Watts has said her co-accused boyfriend was "controlling and angry" in the weeks before the teenager was killed.
A motorcyclist killed in a crash on the A93 has been named by police.
A man has died after falling a "considerable distance" from a Snowdonia mountain.
Five people have been arrested after a man left at a hospital died of stab wounds.
Twenty-nine people have appeared in court as part of an inquiry into child sex abuse and neglect in Huddersfield.
A Somerset hospital has declared its third "black alert" of the winter as doctors say they are dealing with the "busiest fortnight in our history".
A £50m shopping centre has opened on the site of a former steelworks creating up to 900 jobs, according to the developers.
The father of a soldier killed in Iraq has criticised proposals by the Ministry of Defence to scrap the legal duty of care it owes to service personnel in the course of combat.
Jeremy Corbyn says he will ask his MPs to vote for the Article 50 Brexit process to begin, if the government is forced to seek Parliament's approval.
A law banning so-called legal highs in the UK is to be reviewed after the collapse of the first ever contested cases under the new legislation.
(Close): US stock markets were little moved after the Federal Reserve kept rates unchanged, but strong results from Apple helped lift the Nasdaq.
Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams has apologised for using the 'N-word' in a tweet comparing the plight of slaves in the United States to the treatment of Irish nationalists.
John Berry, a founding member of rap group Beastie Boys has died at the age of 52.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two six-year-olds at the Legoland theme park.
John Lewis has reported a fall in annual profits and cut its staff bonus for the first time in three years.
Dogs have been bringing relaxation and calmness to students revising for sitting exams at Ulster University (UU).
Chinese state-owned China National Chemical (ChemChina) is to buy Italian tyre maker Pirelli in a deal which values the firm at €7.1bn (£5.1bn).
A solicitor for a man accused of procuring drugs intended to cause an abortion has protested about delays in dealing with the case.
The first television advertisement campaign by Twitter has left some American viewers confused.
Malawi's Lilly Alfonso dreams about her future in colours as vibrant as those of the clothes she makes.
Jenny Rathbone's criticism of Labour's plans for a new £1bn motorway around Newport certainly had consequences.
George Osborne set himself three fiscal rules - to cap welfare spending, to bring down debt as a proportion of national income and to produce a surplus by the end of the Parliament.
Manager Russell Slade says Cardiff must be more ruthless after they threw away a two-goal lead to draw with Burnley.
Seven years on from the disappearance of Claudia Lawrence, her mother has said she thinks she is alive and "being held somewhere against her will".
Colchester United have signed former Gillingham versatile left-back Brennan Dickenson and ex-Chelmsford City centre-back Dexter Peter.
The Duke of Edinburgh's public engagements often produce memorable one-liners that can make some people chuckle and others cringe.
Last year they were making jokes about the lack of any black or Latino performers in the acting categories at the Academy Awards ceremony.
The Republic of Ireland has voted overwhelmingly to legalise same-sex marriage in a historic referendum.
South African photographer Justin Dingwall's portrait series Albus explores the aesthetics of albinism and perceptions of beauty.
It is picturesque, with stunning views of Pen y Fan and a charming rural setting, but Yscir has a unique problem.
The sister of one of the Disappeared, Seamus Ruddy, has arrived at the site of a dig for his remains in France.
Former South African Football Association president Kirsten Nematandani is facing a minimum six-year ban for alleged ethics violations.
A partnership is being formed between the energy sectors in Orkney and Norway to look at ways they can work together to develop marine renewables.
Japanese shares fell for a second day as investors remained cautious ahead of a key Bank of Japan meeting later this week.
Less than 48 hours had passed after the latest agreement between the Houthi rebel movement and the Yemeni government, and the ground had shifted once again.
A petition has been started opposing the sale of artworks by the Scottish Youth Hostel Association (SYHA).
A 16-year-old Vietnamese boy was found "cowering" in bushes in Dumbarton after escaping from human traffickers, police have said.
Four people travelling in the same car have been injured in a serious crash in Moray.
An oil painting thought to have been created by French Impressionist Claude Monet has been proven to be genuine through scientific testing.
Arlene Foster has had her first meetings since becoming first minister with the Northern Ireland secretary and the Irish foreign minister.
American Ashton Eaton has become the third man to retain the Olympic decathlon title, winning in Rio to emulate Great Britain's Daley Thompson, and the USA's Bob Mathias.
US authorities have acknowledged a data breach affecting the Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security - but downplayed its severity.
Two "completely innocent" teenage girls who were wrongly identified on police social media as prime suspects in a shop theft have received an apology.
An oil company's report into an offshore helicopter crash which killed 13 people has warned industry cost-cutting must not compromise safety.
Tens of thousands of people have gathered in towns and cities across Denmark to commemorate the victims of weekend gun attacks in the capital.
An elderly man was pulled over by police for driving his mobility scooter on a busy motorway.
Scrapping the Human Rights Act would "make us look like a banana republic", First Minister Carwyn Jones has warned.
Hundreds of jobs are set to be axed at a North East potash mine.
Mohammad Asif and Salman Butt have been told they must "knock the door down" before they are considered for a return to the Pakistan team.
Ohio prosecutors have said they plan to seek aggravated murder charges that could carry the death penalty against the man suspected of imprisoning three women for about a decade.
An action plan has been launched to save historic religious buildings from neglect as their congregations dwindle.
The firm developing Belfast's Titanic Quarter has repaid loans which were held by a US investment fund.
Oldham Council will be led by a woman for the first time in its history, after Jean Stretton was selected by Labour councillors.
UK inflation as measured by the Consumer Prices Index remained at -0.1% in October, figures show.
The Australian press has expressed scorn and bewilderment over PM Tony Abbott's awarding of a knighthood to Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh.
Sam Allardyce has made versatile Leicester player Jeffrey Schlupp his first signing as Crystal Palace boss.
Four London 2012 Olympic weightlifting champions have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
A haulage company owner whose tipper truck killed four people when its brakes failed admitted he "used to stay away from paperwork", a court heard.
Keighley Town Council could be investigated by the police after an audit found "significant weaknesses" in local governance.
Iranian police have arrested former Tehran prosecutor Saeed Mortazavi, Iranian news agencies say.
Tory plans to shake-up the funding of social care in England are likely to go down badly with the party's core voters, Theresa May has been warned.
Nottinghamshire's Paul Franks will join England's coaching staff for the Test match against South Africa at Trent Bridge in July.
Chicago has one of the highest murder rates in the US, with 51 homicides in January alone.
Harry Redknapp has wished Roy Hodgson well after the Football Association approached the West Brom manager for the England role.
Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan has offered condolences for the first time for the mass killings of Armenians under Ottoman rule during WWI.
Brent crude has been flirting with the $50 mark, and the prospect of a further rise towards a sustainable level in the sixties dollar range.
Kylie Minogue and her British fiancÃ© have called on Australia to legalise same-sex marriage in an appearance at the nation's top music awards.
Brazilian prosecutors have filed homicide charges against 21 people a year after an iron ore mine disaster in the state of Minas Gerais.
Northampton full-back Ben Foden says England head coach Eddie Jones has told him to "get back to running rugby".
Wolves midfielder Jed Wallace has become the Championship club's latest injury casualty and will be out for up to six weeks with a thigh strain.
Two men were arrested after a violent pitch invasion caused a football match to be abandoned.
Heritage sites across Wales have free entry this weekend as part of a scheme to get people interested in history.
In the space of 10 days one footballer will go from taking on the European champions to warming the bench in the fifth tier of English football - welcome to the world of Jamie Robba.
Four men have been arrested in separate parts of the UK by police investigating the hacker groups Anonymous and LulzSec.
An 11-year-old boy has been seriously injured following an incident involving a tractor in the Castlewellan area of County Down.
African football is mourning the death of former Nigeria coach and captain Stephen Keshi, who passed away aged 54.
Nottingham Forest's capacity has been reduced by 20% by Nottinghamshire County Council to fewer than 25,000.
Blackburn manager Tony Mowbray says he is under no pressure to sell players.
From a distance Castelluccio looks the same as it has done for 1,000 years, a beautiful hilltop town in the midst of one of Italy's most celebrated plains, the Piano Grande.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina believes he has got his "shaky" first fight out of his system and has set his sights on lightweight gold in Rio.
England's search for a global one-day title goes on after they collapsed to a five-run defeat by India in a pulsating Champions Trophy final at Edgbaston.
Plans to redevelop a stand at Lord's, the home of cricket, have been given the go-ahead.
England bowler Stuart Broad has been called up to the one-day squad for the series in South Africa.
A former soldier, suspected of stabbing a woman to death in a retirement home for former missionaries, has been arrested in France.
Sir Philip Green has hit back at suggestions that he is attempting to "blackmail" the Pensions Regulator over plugging the £571m BHS pension deficit.
An 81-year-old former Koran teacher who was convicted of a string of child sex offences has been jailed for 13 years.
A rare purse has been found in the middle of one of the world's largest hoards of celtic coins.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace on the first day of pre-season testing as Mercedes impressed and the new McLaren-Honda struggled.
Volunteers are rebuilding several uninsured homes on the Somerset Levels after floods that cost the West Country millions of pounds.
The government is to pay compensation to the families of those killed and wounded on Bloody Sunday.
Internet giant Google has agreed to forfeit $500m (Â£306m) for publishing online adverts from Canadian pharmacies selling illegal drugs to US customers.
Tyrone kept up their unbeaten run with a 1-14 to 0-14 Football League win over Laois in Division Two in Portlaoise.
A £2,500 charity appeal to fit a rescue dog with a pacemaker has smashed its target.
Gregor Townsend's first Six Nations match as Scotland head coach will be away to Wales on 3 February 2018.
Relatives of a suffragette jailed for plotting to poison a prime minister have held a vigil outside the Royal Courts of Justice as part of their campaign to clear her name.
Police in Zimbabwe have fired tear gas and water cannon at opposition supporters who had gathered for a protest march in the capital, Harare.
A man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after a pregnant woman was stabbed in a West Midlands street.
A man has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a 42-year-old in Gateshead.
China-based inventors applied for a record-setting number of patents last year.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy says he has received death threats and his family have been targeted since Claudio Ranieri was sacked as manager.
A "deluded" money launderer who helped run a lottery scam that targeted elderly victims has been jailed for six months.
Liverpool have agreed to sell striker Luis Suarez to Barcelona for a fee thought to be about £75m.
A woman in east London has been left fighting for her life after an apparently random knife attack.
The BBC has received 445 complaints from viewers about Phil Neville's BBC One commentary on England's World Cup match against Italy.
You could have forgiven Tymal Mills for retiring and moving on from cricket when he was diagnosed with a congenital back condition in 2015.
The chairman of a health trust under fire for not properly investigating the unexpected deaths of patients has resigned.
(Close): The market dropped sharply as investors reacted to comments from the Federal Reserve which suggested a US rate rise could come as soon as June.
Children's heart services in Leicester have been secured after a new vision was approved by a national board.
A woman who set up a fundraising page for a man who was mugged outside his home has met the victim as donations approached £300,000.
Jeremy Irons reading TS Elliot, Mary Berry and the radio premiere of Calendar Girls are among the highlights of BBC Radio this Christmas.
Further education college lecturers have approved a national pay offer in a trade union ballot after months of dispute.
A marathon runner has been without his car for eight days after forgetting where he parked it before the race.
Roman Polanski has been given one of Poland's top film awards in Krakow, where he is also facing a US extradition request over 1977 charges of having sex with a 13-year-old girl.
Double Olympic triathlon champion Alistair Brownlee is to take two years out from the sport to train for the World Ironman Championships in Hawaii.
The mother of a newborn baby who was found dead in a Cardiff river has been urged to come forward as police say the boy will soon be buried.
Munster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to five points as they beat defending champions Connacht in a battle of attrition in a wet Galway.
Newport County boss Mike Flynn says their game against Notts County is the biggest in the club's recent history.
The Syrian army has been forced to give up some areas in order to retain others in the war against rebels, now in its fifth year, President Bashar al-Assad has acknowledged.
Nato has hit back at a report urging the alliance to investigate fully the deaths of civilians in air strikes in Libya last year.
Michael Lumb's third straight One-Day Cup ton could not stop Nottinghamshire slipping to a last-ball two-wicket defeat by Durham at Chester-le-Street.
Sinn Féin's Mitchel McLaughlin has announced he will take up the position of President of the NI Assembly Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA).
The Isle of Man has been praised for "building a powerful niche" within the global space industry.
A man who was murdered in a late night car shooting in Glasgow was targeted in a pre-planned attack, police have said.
Schools are facing increasing pressure to spend money aimed at very poor pupils, known as the pupil premium, to plug holes in budgets, a report says.
An unidentified body found buried in a shallow grave 46 years ago is not a missing man from Denbighshire, detectives have said.
Holders Glasgow City and last year's runner's up Hibernian have both made it through to the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Scotland's large economic deficit would not disqualify the country from European Union membership, according to Finance Secretary Derek Mackay.
England rugby star Danny Cipriani was "tearful and upset" after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving, a court has heard.
Egypt has sentenced 51 people to two years each in prison for protesting against a decision last month to cede two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Police in Texas are calling on members of rival motorcycle gangs to stop fighting after a deadly weekend shoot-out in Waco left nine dead.
There is nothing new about a high-profile or outspoken person being assassinated.
Care services are facing cuts this year as rises in council tax have failed to plug the gaps in budgets in England, town hall chiefs are warning.
Postal business Whistl has confirmed it is ending its home delivery service in London, Liverpool and Manchester, putting up to 1,800 jobs at risk.
North America's only legal drug-injection site can stay open, Canada's Supreme Court rules, in a defeat for the country's conservative government.
Two yachtsmen who have been rescued nine times in seven months have been described as a "catastrophe waiting to happen" and urged to "leave UK waters".
A man has died after being hit by a lorry on the M8 at Livingston in West Lothian.
New Zealand seamer Neil Wagner has spoken of his pride at being able to play for Lancashire this season.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, 93, has been urged by his wife to name his successor in order to end divisions over who the next leader will be.
America's Shawn Crawford, the 2004 Olympic 200m gold medallist, has been banned for two years for not complying with out-of-competition drugs testing.
A teenage boy who disappeared with his mother a year ago has been named by a High Court judge in an "exceptional" attempt to trace him.
Police are investigating a possible sectarian motive for an  overnight attack in Londonderry's Waterside area.
An Orange Lodge in southern Scotland is seeking approval for two processions to mark its 25th anniversary.
At 1am on Easter Sunday, the clocks moved forward by one hour, marking the start of British Summer Time.
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone has said he plans to rejoin the social media site in the next few weeks.
A union claims strikes have resulted in "serious disruption" to the UK's nuclear weapons programme as it announced further industrial action.
When Google's European boss, Matt Brittin, appeared before the House of Commons' Public Accounts Committee on Thursday he faced a wave of indignant questioning from MPs.
A Belfast woman who has accused the IRA of a sex abuse cover-up has won a seat in the Irish senate.
The Duke of Cambridge has taken part in the military rehearsal for the Queen's Birthday Parade, also known as Trooping the Colour, for the first time.
Australia's science agency has warned that spring rains have created ideal conditions for a mouse plague in the country's breadbasket.
Health chiefs in north Wales have confirmed plans to site a specialist vascular unit at Glan Clwyd Hospital in Denbighshire.
Manchester City reached the last 16 of the Women's Champions League as a 4-0 victory in Russia sealed a dominant, 6-0 aggregate win over Zvezda 2005.
Wales will lose more than a quarter of its MPs under a review of parliamentary constituencies.
Castleford Tigers are to take legal action against winger Denny Solomona after he failed to return to the club for pre-season training.
A son cleared of killing his mother has spoken of his relief, saying: "Who wants the stigma of being known as 'the bloke who kills their mum?'"
Just over a year after breaking her spine, Scottish skier Charlie Guest has made it into the list of the world's top 100.
Britain's Andy Murray had a comfortable 6-2 6-4 victory over Steve Johnson in his opening Shanghai Masters match.
Citigroup's profits fell in the second quarter because of weakness at its consumer banking business.
A former South Yorkshire Police press officer claimed she was asked to "spin" news during the Hillsborough inquests, the BBC can reveal.
Wladimir Klitschko says he wants to fight British heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua in "March or April".
New information suggests a man who disappeared almost 25 years ago may have been killed and buried on land in Merseyside, police say.
Musician Sting and wife Trudie Styler are selling more than 200 items from their art collection, previously housed in their former family home in London.
Forces backing Yemen's government have reportedly driven al-Qaeda fighters out of the main cities of the southern province of Shabwa.
France's Robin Sciot-Siegrist won the Northern Ireland Open as Portugal's Ricardo Santos carded an albatross on a dramatic shootout Sunday.
Five people have been arrested as part of a crackdown on websites made to look like official government sites.
Technology companies could face fines of up to 4% of their global annual turnover under new European rules on data protection.
The surcharge tax on bank profits announced in the Budget is being seen as another blow for the sale of Clydesdale Bank.
Google's got a new idea to keep pedestrians safer on the roads - having sticky cars!
A former Scottish Police Authority board member has claimed its chairman Andrew Flanagan is "not fit to continue on any public board".
Durham's relegation to Division Two of the County Championship is a warning to others but the England and Wales Cricket Board is also at fault, says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
Derby County's players must show pride in the last eight games of a season of underachievement even if they fail to reach the play-offs, says midfielder Craig Bryson.
A musician from Alloa has died after drowning off the coast of the Caribbean island of St Maartens.
Mercedes say they are "optimistic" Nico Rosberg will avoid a grid penalty after the gearbox problem that afflicted him at the British Grand Prix.
A shopper ended up giving birth outside a Primark store after she suddenly went into labour.
Neonicotinoid pesticides are causing significant damage to a wide range of beneficial species and are a key factor in the decline of bees, say scientists.
The chancellor announced today that Whitehall departments have found £3bn of savings this financial year, which is equivalent to around 3% of unprotected departmental spending this year.
The Israeli military says it has uncovered a tunnel dug by militants from the Gaza Strip which runs hundreds of metres under Israel.
Luke Wells continued his superb batting form to guide Sussex to a five-wicket win over Leicestershire in Division Two of the County Championship.
Aer Lingus lost up to 44m euros (£32m) from having a base at Belfast International Airport (BIA), its chief executive has told a court.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a crash between a motorcycle and a car which left the rider in hospital.
For three weeks the morning ritual for millions of people in France has been rudely interrupted by a strike at one of the country's great public sector institutions: Radio France.
A new stage musical of Groundhog Day is to have its world premiere at the Old Vic in London next year.
A tunnel under the Menai Strait, which will contain cables linking Wylfa Newydd nuclear power station to the National Grid, is set to cost £100m and take up to five years to complete.
ITV director of television Peter Fincham is leaving the post after eight years, it has been announced.
A sharp rise in schools' business rates could push some budgets beyond breaking point, say head teachers' leaders.
Regional airline Flybe has hit turbulence, running up a near £20m loss after previous expansion plans proved too ambitious.
Newport Gwent Dragons won just their second game in the Pro12 this season as they overcame a late Connacht comeback at Rodney Parade.
A 14-year-old girl who died after a minibus carrying school pupils on a field trip collided with a bin lorry has been named in reports as Holly Brown.
A Zimbabwean pastor who predicted the death of President Robert Mugabe has been arrested, his lawyer says.
Police have released the name of a woman who died after a collision between a car and a bus in Perthshire.
An inmate at a women's prison was held in segregation for more than five years, an inspection report has revealed.
Mark Ronson's collaboration with Bruno Mars has reclaimed the number one spot in the singles chart, pushing X Factor winner Ben Haenow down to number two.
Chad's President Idriss Deby has announced he will run for a fifth term in April's elections.
Partizan Belgrade have had their European ban lifted after providing evidence they had cleared unpaid debts.
A craze for eerily lifelike supernatural dolls has swept Thailand in recent months.
A 31-year-old man who died after his car crashed on a Flintshire road has been named by police.
Paralympic champion Aled Davies improved his own shot put world record at the British Indoor Championships in Sheffield.
Two teenagers have been taken into custody after five relatives were found stabbed to death inside their home in Oklahoma.
The Court of Appeal will consider if a patient's personal circumstances should influence the NHS when it decides whether to fund treatment.
Jeremy Corbyn's future will form part of discussions around the fall out of the Copeland by-election, Labour's shadow defence secretary has said.
Services for people who are suicidal or self-harming are facing unprecedented demand in England, a BBC Radio 5 live investigation has found.
A man who needed facial reconstructive surgery after being attacked by a police dog as a child has been given £10,000 in compensation.
The search for two Irish Coast Guard crew members missing since a helicopter crash has been extended along the Irish coast.
Aircraft maker Boeing is to pay a $12m (£8m) fine for "multiple pending and potential enforcement cases", the US air regulator has said.
A police investigation has been launched into a Fringe trapeze stunt from an Edinburgh city centre bridge.
A financial worker is facing a jail term for embezzling £176,696 from one of Scotland's top legal firms.
Coke ovens at the SSI Steelworks in Redcar will remain lit until at the least the weekend, the site's receivers have confirmed.
Mae rheolau newydd ynglŷn â chadw ysgolion gwledig ar agor wedi cael eu cyhoeddi gan Lywodraeth Cymru.
Uncertainty around Brexit has dragged UK business output and optimism to three-year lows, a report suggests.
Drivers are being put in "very real danger" by youths throwing so-called muck bombs in Derry, says a local councillor.
When you think of waterfalls, you tend to picture stuff going down...
Gold nanotechnology could help reduce the number of injections needed to treat a common form of blindness, researchers believe.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Wigan Athletic have signed midfielders Ryan Tunnicliffe and Marcus Browne from Fulham and West Ham on loan until the end of the season.
A particular region of the brain may drive smoking addiction, say scientists who found stroke survivors with damage to their insular cortex more easily kicked the habit.
A washing line pegged with 15 babygrows is to be carried up Pen Y Fan to raise awareness of the number of babies who die shortly before, during or after birth in the UK each day.
Australia's child protection services have contacted a couple accused of abandoning a baby with Down's syndrome to his surrogate mother in Thailand.
The new US secretary of state is heading off on his first trip to Asia, where diplomatic tensions run high.
Botanists in the US say an ancient plant that grew underwater in what is modern day Europe may have been the world's first known flowering plant.
A man has been stabbed to death and two others injured during a large brawl in north London.
A Google executive has been killed in an accident in Cannes, France, the search company has confirmed.
Napoli increased the pressure on Roma in the race for a Champions League group stage place with a narrow victory at Inter Milan.
Former Charlton boss Chris Powell says fans deserve to know what owner Roland Duchatelet has planned for the club.
Hundreds of cyclists took part in a charity ride in Huddersfield to support a cyclist who was left in a coma following a collision with a car.
A £50m arts and innovation centre project in Gwynedd is finally getting its finishing touches, university officials have said.
The control of fire services in Wales should be offered to police and crime commissioners (PCC), it has been argued.
Binge drinking in an area of south Belfast, a loyalist feud in Carrickfergus and claims of bullying make the front pages on Wednesday.
England manager Roy Hodgson has rejected talk of a rift with Liverpool over injured striker Daniel Sturridge.
A Fife fisheries boss who faked invoices to scam "astronomical" sums from the taxman has been jailed for two years and eight months.
The UK government's immigration policy is contributing to an NHS staff crisis, the Welsh Liberal Democrats have said.
A man has been arrested over an attempted murder in Paisley.
A video telling the story of two schoolchildren forming a friendship - with a twist - has gone viral online.
Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey wants football to follow rugby's lead on video technology after he had a goal controversially disallowed for offside against Liverpool.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed utility man Michael Harriman from QPR for an undisclosed fee.
The South American trading bloc Mercosur has condemned President Trump for saying he was considering military action in the Venezuela crisis.
At least 28 people have been killed and 329 injured in a huge explosion in the centre of the Afghan capital Kabul, police and officials say.
Liverpool-supporting Plymouth Argyle midfielder Graham Carey hopes they can cause an FA Cup upset when they visit Anfield in round three.
A 73-year-old DJ who played sets at Glastonbury has gone missing, his family has said.
The Vatican bank, officially known as the Institute for Religious Works (IOR), has seen a sharp jump in its profits for 2014.
An early 18th Century doll's house, described as "of national importance", has been valued by the BBC's Antiques Roadshow at more than £150,000.
A 75-year-old is one of six men set to stand trial in Dundee accused of dealing drugs in Scotland and England.
Nearly 250 jobs have been put at risk after the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills announced it will close its office in Sheffield.
Barmet manager Martin Allen says his side did not create enough chances in their 0-0 draw with Orient.
A second inquiry into the future of people living in holiday chalets all year round in East Yorkshire has begun.
Police are to begin a month-long operation against anti-social behaviour by some drivers in Thurso.
Roger Federer and Stan Wawrinka will meet in an all-Swiss semi-final at the US Open after impressive wins over Richard Gasquet and Kevin Anderson.
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has sacked the interior minister and the chief of police after violent protests on Friday against a bill that would allow the president to run for a second term in office.
Scotland's new chief constable has said he will deploy more armed police officers if the threat from terrorism or serious crime renders it necessary.
At first glance, Erliban village appears to be covered in rubbish.
Manager Ronny Deila says he expects the lure of securing the Premiership title this weekend will help raise the performance of his Celtic players.
The flesh-coloured dress Marilyn Monroe wore when she breathlessly sang Happy Birthday to President John F Kennedy in 1962, is to be auctioned.
A 25% increase in hate crimes against transgender people has been recorded in London this year, according to figures released by the Met Police.
Cycling events at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics will be held 75 miles away from the city as part of a £1.2bn programme of cuts.
Yaya Toure is focused on Manchester City's season and will not be distracted by transfer speculation, according to manager Manuel Pellegrini.
A Belfast bus driver who stopped his bus to give a homeless man a winter coat has won a national award for his kindness.
A weather warning has been issued as temperatures are predicted to reach 34C (93F) in parts of England on Wednesday.
A suspected methane gas blast at a mine in a rebel-held area of east Ukraine is believed to have killed at least 30 people, the rebels told the BBC.
Vigilantes in a Mexican village have seized the mother of a local gang leader and proposed swapping her for a kidnap victim taken on Monday.
A young mother has appealed for the return of a laptop containing the last photographs of her terminally ill child.
Virgin Galactic's planned commercial space service may still be years away from taking flight, and its chief executive admits, "we've got work to do, that's for sure", in a Newsnight report on the project.
It made sense that Buzz Aldrin, a man who has walked on the moon and lived without gravity, was in Rio to watch a teenage compatriot defy the earth's forces like no other athlete in history.
A man knocked unconscious while he was doing DIY at his home came round to find racist graffiti on the wall.
The Football Association wants to test a video assistant referee system from next season's FA Cup third round.
Claims that an independent Scotland may not be able to join the EU were "unwise and inaccurate", a former senior European official has said.
Irish Premiership champions Crusaders will face last year's runners-up Linfield in the third round of fixtures of the 2016-17 campaign on 13 August.
Trainer Liam Wilkins will appeal against his licence being withdrawn for the sparring session in November that left retired fighter Nick Blackwell in a coma for the second time in a year.
Hillary Clinton has said she was singled out as one of the only women applying to go to Harvard law school.
A Cardiff scientist is to explore whether viruses can be "trained" to tackle ovarian cancer after being given a Â£250,000 Cancer Research UK grant.
Police and nature groups are examining a video purporting to show an osprey attempting to nest near the proposed T in the Park site at Strathallan Castle.
The Serious Fraud Office is "reviewing material" relating to a payment made by Formula 1's commercial rights holder to the sport's governing body the FIA.
A woman who pocketed over £50,000 by claiming false benefits and targeting vulnerable people has been ordered to pay back a token amount of £1.
Championship club Norwich City have appointed Borussia Dortmund reserve-team coach Daniel Farke as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Australia's most populous state will focus on better preparing students for university and employment in a major overhaul of its school curriculum.
High Street chemist Alliance Boots is to be bought up by US pharmacy giant Walgreens.
Groups of men in Turkey are wearing skirts to protest against violence towards women.
More than eight out of 10 people in Northern Ireland say the UK's decision to leave the European Union has not changed the way they would vote in a future border poll.
Wasps director of rugby Dai Young says he always expected their final game of the league campaign against Saracens to have special significance.
Double Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin says her horse Valegro will retire after the Rio Games in 2016.
The 10th birthday of Wales Millennium Centre has been celebrated with an "outdoor theatrical spectacle" involving 700 people.
A judge has rejected a challenge to Labour's decision to allow Jeremy Corbyn to automatically stand for re-election as leader.
British world number 512 Katie Swan says she hopes to earn a wildcard entry into the main Wimbledon draw this year.
Plans for rugby club Wasps to build a training centre on the site of Coventry City FC's youth academy have been approved.
The death of lorry driver Gordon Cooper in a crash involving three articulated lorries on Thursday was the latest in a series on the A9 this year.
A paramedic shopped in Marks and Spencer while an elderly patient with severe blood poisoning waited in an ambulance, a conduct panel has heard.
A National Archive of Historic Mountaineering Images is to be launched by the British Mountaineering Council (BMC) later this year.
Thousands of Wales fans have travelled to France for the biggest football match in the nation's history.
A man who died on the Gatwick Express was found by another passenger with a "massive trauma" to his head, an inquest has heard.
Liverpool FC is considering what action to take against a supporter who branded two Muslim fans "a disgrace" for praying during half-time at a match.
A pristine paradise - these are not words you often hear to describe the Niger Delta in southern Nigeria.
For centuries, people have been lured in by the thundering power of surf.
A father-of-three died more than 20 years after receiving infected blood, an inquest hears.
Not having the right bike can be very uncomfortable - and potentially damaging, so finding the correct bike fit is very important, especially if you cycle regularly.
"I wanted to show that football is football and not a battlefield."
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is back on the US's "notorious markets" list over counterfeit goods sales.
Virtual reality has been used to help treat severe paranoia.
At the heart of the current Greek debt crisis is an old debate - is it better to cut spending and raise taxes in an economic downturn, or spend your way out of it?
A complaint against a former council leader has been disregarded by police.
Primary schools in England are going to share an extra £150m per year sports funding until 2020, Prime Minister David Cameron has announced.
Fourteen Greenpeace activists, including at least four from the UK, have been charged with piracy by the Russian authorities.
A fourth substitute will be available in extra time for the first time in this season's Scottish Cup.
An electric guitar played by The Beatles' George Harrison has sold for $657,000 (£390,000) at an auction in New York.
A mystery surrounding a "banging noise" heard coming from a Greater Manchester park at night has been solved.
A mother has been jailed for 15 months for leaving her baby daughter at home alone every day for a week while she went out drinking.
It is difficult to think of a court case in recent years as politically charged and controversial as the legal row over whether MPs should vote to trigger Article 50 - the process to start Brexit.
A group of mainly elderly South Koreans have met relatives in the North, in the second of two organised reunions for family members separated by the 1950-53 Korean War.
Relatives of some of the nine churchgoers shot dead in South Carolina have addressed the suspected gunman in court and said they forgive him.
As one male tweeter put it: "Serena Williams won a grand slam while she was pregnant so every man should probably shut up about everything forever."
Two former senior members of staff at a Lincolnshire schools academy group have been cleared of fraud charges.
Letters are to be sent to businesses and residents on Hawick High Street reminding them of the 30-minute parking limit in the area.
Next week, Maggie Lieu will find out if she'll have to give up EVERYTHING for a one-way trip to Mars.
Juan Mata struck to win a tight Manchester derby as United knocked out EFL Cup holders City to reach the quarter-finals.
A daredevil gran has celebrated her 100th birthday by going skydiving in South Africa.
Studying his opponents' penalty style and run-ups helped Dundee United's Cammy Bell save three spot-kicks in one half against Dunfermline Athletic.
A major disappointment for the crowds flocking to Hampshire for the Farnborough Airshow was the non-appearance of the new American-built F35 fighter plane.
BBC soap EastEnders is "almost twice" as white as the real east London, Diane Coyle, the acting head of the BBC Trust, said in a speech in on Monday.
At Kathmandu's Pashputinath temple, the morning air is heavy with birdsong and the smoke from funeral pyres.
Dr Dre has taken home an enormous amount of money this year.
Bury have signed Scotland international striker Chris Maguire from fellow League One side Oxford United on a two-year contract.
The deputy head of a fee-paying Catholic school in Ealing has been accused of possessing the most extreme category of indecent child images.
Hundreds of drivers have been issued parking tickets after an app wrongly told them they could park for free in Edinburgh on the day after Boxing Day.
Germany's highest court is hearing a challenge to a planned EU-Canada free trade deal from some 125,000 citizens.
A swarm of up to 20,000 bees has taken over a car in Hull.
Castleford will be handed rugby league's League Leaders Shield in just a few weeks' time - what a story!
Notts Outlaws wicketkeeper Chris Read will be part of the club's coaching staff rather than play in this season's T20 Blast, which begins on Friday.
Two men, both aged 22, have been charged in connection with an alleged attempted robbery at a convenience store in Aberdeen.
The Welsh Government is not yet ready to commend the Wales Bill to AMs, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A Kent council has been accused of leaving gravestones and memorials looking as if they have been vandalised after carrying out safety checks.
A mother and her twin daughters have been found dead at a house in east London, police have said.
Further cuts to the education budget will make Northern Ireland's education system "unsustainable," a teachers' union leader has said.
Liverpool supporters at Hillsborough were "gripped by mania" and "frantic" to get into the ground as kick off approached on the day of the disaster, the jury at the new inquests has heard.
About 10 million of us have been tuning in to BBC One's Planet Earth II every Sunday for the past six weeks.
The authorities in eastern Libya have ordered a temporary freeze on a controversial travel ban on Libyan women under the age of 60.
European Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke admits it was difficult to leave his close friend Graeme McDowell out of the team to face the United States.
Major Tim Peake made history when he became the first British person to walk in space.
Ospreys will be boosted by six Wales squad members for their Pro12 match with Edinburgh on Friday, 3 March.
A look at the best actress winner and her fellow nominees at the 86th Academy Awards.
British number one Andy Murray says he would leave the Australian Open early if his wife, Kim, goes into early labour with their first child.
The second edition of the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL) has come to an end and unfortunately for the "Lilac Ladies", my Hobart Hurricanes side, it's ended at the same stage as last year with a semi-final loss.
A 38-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of committing 15 sexual offences, including allegations of rape and false imprisonment.
A plea has been made to give others "a second chance at life" by registering to become an organ donor.
When I started making a documentary about women and the independence referendum little did I know that Maw Broon, a night at the bingo, paramedics at the roller derby, cleaning out my gutters and learning of Nicola Sturgeon's unfamiliarity with her kitchen would all play a part.
A court ordered on Wednesday that Panama's former Vice-President Felipe Virzi be held while he is investigated for alleged corruption.
Peterborough have signed Port Vale midfielder Anthony Grant for a "six-figure fee" and Luton's Craig Mackail-Smith on loan to the end of the term.
China's Communist Party this week set out the thinking behind recent guidance on weddings and funerals for party members.
A racing pigeon feared lost has turned up after plummeting out of the sky into Dartmoor Zoo in Devon following an attack by a bird of prey.
Dustin Johnson holds the clubhouse lead midway through the second round of the storm-delayed US Open at Oakmont.
A jealous man beheaded the mother of his two children in an act of "pure hatred", the Old Bailey heard.
George Clooney and Matt Damon are set to bring some Hollywood glitz to this year's Venice Film Festival.
Nottinghamshire have signed West Indies all-rounder Andre Russell and South Africa leg-spinner Imran Tahir for their T20 Blast campaign.
Michael Moffat's double moved Dunfermline Athletic off second bottom in the Scottish Championship as Greenock Morton lost in Fife.
Cauley Woodrow scored an injury-time winner as Burton Albion fought back from a goal down to beat Wolves.
You will probably have seen them in some of your favourite films, but what is it like in a real American high school?
You really can have too much of a good thing.
The UN Security Council has adopted a resolution calling for UN officials and others to monitor the mass evacuations from rebel-held east Aleppo and the safety of civilians still there.
Barrow took their incredible run of form to 18 matches unbeaten with a 2-1 home win over Solihull.
Germany's Marcel Kittel has abandoned the Tour de France after crashing on Wednesday's stage 17 in the Alps.
Archaeologists say they have unearthed the earliest evidence of warfare between hunter-gatherers to be scientifically dated, at a remote site in northern Kenya.
A chronology of key events:
Jordan Williams' screamer gave Barrow victory over high-flying Tranmere at Holker Street and moved the hosts two points off the National League play-off places.
A former Southampton footballer who ran and cycled to every Premier League and Championship stadium in two weeks has been granted the freedom of the city.
Taiwan is braced for the arrival of Typhoon Soulik, a tropical hurricane expected to bring strong winds and torrential rain to the island.
Ambulance response times for the most urgent calls in Wales are the worst on record, new figures show.
Children as young as eight are being paid teaching salaries by the state as part of identity fraud in the north-eastern Nigerian state of Bauchi, officials have found.
The westbound M8 motorway has been closed in central Glasgow following a serious crash.
More than 120 waiters have taken part in this year's Waiters' Race in Japan.
House price inflation picked up to 6.7% in the year to the end of November, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Beatles' former press officer, who coined the term 'The Fab Four' to describe the band, has died.
Ladbrokes has reported a £25.2m profit for the first six months of the year compared with last year's £51.4m loss.
Connacht centre Bundee Aki has been banned for three matches after admitting a charge of misconduct.
The leader of the English Democrats warned about an "anti-English conspiracy" between Labour and the SNP as he launched the party's general election campaign.
Derry City have injury concerns over a number of players ahead of their Premier Division derby against Finn Harps at Finn Park on Friday night.
Services have been held across Wales to honour those killed in war as part of Remembrance Sunday.
US President Barack Obama has told the BBC he will continue to deliver his "blunt message" to African leaders about gay rights and discrimination.
A Scottish man has been tested for the Ebola virus after returning from west Africa but health officials said it was "very unlikely" he would be positive.
Police are appealing for information after a safe containing foreign currency and jewellery was stolen from a house in Dundee.
Microsoft has announced two new Xbox consoles at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles, America.
The case against a woman accused of causing her partner's death by careless driving has been found not proven.
Police are urging dog owners to be responsible following attacks on sheep ahead of the lambing season.
Singer Rod Stewart has been knighted in a Queen's Birthday Honours list that also recognises the achievements of British astronaut Tim Peake.
The Police Ombudsman has concluded a police officer was justified in punching a man who had subjected a "defenceless" woman to a beating with what appeared to be a metal bar.
An MP from the ruling party in Indian-administered Kashmir has resigned to protest against the way authorities' have handled weeks of political unrest.
Former Open champion Louis Oosthuizen says he will need a different mindset for the inaugural World Super 6 event that begins in Perth on Thursday.
When you sign up to have a social media account, you may have to tick a box saying that you agree to the terms and conditions.
A man has been charged following the deaths of two brothers in an explosion at an industrial unit.
Phil Simmons has been sacked as West Indies coach just five months after their stunning World T20 triumph.
Fire crews fought an "intense" blaze in Hampshire after the roof of a thatched cottage caught fire.
Britain's Becky James bounced back from a serious knee injury and a cancer scare to take silver with a late surge in the Olympic women's keirin in Rio.
Jamila Mayanja runs a door-to-door laundry service in Uganda which helps its employees save enough money to launch their own businesses.
Detailed proposals for massive changes to parliamentary constituencies have been announced.
Three men have been charged with the murder of a man who died from a serious neck injury in Doncaster.
Adele has stopped a concert mid-way through to tell a fan to stop filming her.
Theatre directors have confirmed a show will go on despite the death of its star, the actor Tim Pigott-Smith.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu, a former high-school teacher, examines the measures the Kenyan government has put in place to tackle cheating in national exams, which begin in early November.
Umpire Arnaud Gabas has had surgery to repair a fractured eye socket after he was hit with a ball during Britain's Davis Cup win over Canada last week.
A woman in her 20s has died in a collision between a car and a lorry in County Donegal.
A 68-year-old man has drowned in an incident at a lake in County Armagh.
An Italian MEP has described the ideas of Norway's self-confessed mass killer, Anders Behring Breivik, as "good" and in some cases "excellent".
MPs have called for an end to the dominance of big home-building firms to fix the "broken" housing market.
Walsall have parted company with head coach Sean O'Driscoll after just 16 games despite sitting fourth in League One, after a winless six-game run.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has announced plans to overhaul the country's municipal police forces after the disappearance of 43 students.
Renowned jazz clarinettist Buddy DeFranco, known for working with Frank Sinatra and Billie Holiday and other well-known musicians, has died aged 91.
The teaching union EIS has suspended a programme of industrial action over the workload faced by teachers in relation to examinations.
James Haskell lasted just 35 seconds of his comeback game because of a head injury as Wasps held off a revival by Leicester, who were playing their first game since Richard Cockerill's sacking.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Dave Lee Travis was "financially ruined" by his lengthy legal battles, a court has heard.
A street preacher who told a woman she would "burn in hell" for wearing tight jeans has been found guilty of religiously aggravated threatening behaviour.
When Theresa May steps on to the global stage for the first time this weekend at the G20 summit in China, she will be hoping not to repeat what happened the last time a female British prime minister attended an international conference.
The woman accused of murdering Becky Watts told police the teenager was good at manipulating people and was an attention seeker.
Great Britain won an Olympic medal in the women's 4x100m relay for the first time since 1984, claiming bronze as the United States retained their title.
The British and German army football teams have played a match to commemorate 100 years since the World War One Christmas truce.
Widespread opioid abuse is tied to a fall in the share of Americans working or looking for work, the head of the US central bank said on Thursday.
Leading watchmakers have gathered in London to celebrate the "unique collaboration" between two leading horologists from the Isle of Man.
From the outside it might seem like relatively minor stuff - scuffles and anger in South Africa's parliament, and defections and splits within a trades union federation.
Naked photos of three and four-year-old girls were found on the mobile phone of a children's summer camp owner, a court has heard.
West Brom's Cameroonian defender Allan Nyom has insisted he has no regrets about not being part of the Africa Cup of Nations-winning squad.
Sauber have appointed Jorg Zander as their new technical director.
Northern Ireland sprinter Amy Foster has reached Friday's semi-finals of the women's 100m at the European Athletics Championships in Amsterdam.
Communities Minister Stephen Williams has defended his remarks in Parliament about the threat to pubs in his constituency from population changes.
No matter how much you warn visitors to Cuba that they'll be offline during their stay, they often won't believe it until they actually arrive in Havana.
Jordan Spieth won the Travelers Championship by edging out Daniel Berger in a play-off with a chip shot from the bunker for his 10th PGA title.
Scotland's biggest nursing agency has warned there are not enough qualified nurses in Scotland to fill rota gaps.
Two "magnificent" Victorian cemeteries in London are to receive multimillion-pound facelifts.
Rio 2016 organisers have revealed the medals that will be competed for at this summer's Olympics.
The Aberdeen family home of the so-called "Scottish Samurai" Thomas Blake Glover could be turned into a £2m research hub.
"Moist" is the early front-runner in a search to find the most-hated word in the English language.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of central London to celebrate Chinese New Year.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been criticised online for live-tweeting the killing of Osama Bin Laden as if it were happening today.
The Greek election on 20 September will be the third vote in 2015 (after the general election of January and the referendum in July) and the fifth general election in six years.
Great Britain Wheelchair Rugby has launched a fundraising campaign after losing its appeal against the removal of UK Sport funding.
'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' will be the title of the latest instalment of the popular sci-fi series.
Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have been executed in Indonesia for drug-smuggling.
Takata shares have fallen almost 12% after a report that potential bidders are considering bankruptcy proceedings for the company to mitigate their liability following the firm's airbag scandal.
Two wards at a Somerset hospital have been reopened to admissions after an outbreak of norovirus at the end of December.
Former Glamorgan wicketkeeper Adrian Shaw has joined the Welsh county's coaching team under new head coach Robert Croft.
Sale Sharks forward TJ Ioane is happy with the challenge of adapting to the openside flanker position this season.
Scott Jamieson has been heartened by Tommy Fleetwood's triumph at last weekend's Abu Dhabi Championship as he bids for a second European Tour title.
A Powys village school funded by an aristocrat for 291 years will close on Friday.
Southampton have concluded there is "no evidence" to support allegations of wrongdoing made by a newspaper against its assistant manager Eric Black.
Malaysia's top court has upheld opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim's conviction for sodomy after rejecting his appeal.
Germany's national intelligence agency, the BND, spied on top French officials and the EU's headquarters on behalf of US intelligence, German media report.
Two inmates have been charged with making a "selfie" rap video using a mobile phone smuggled into a jail.
Rory McIlroy is two shots off the lead after a spectacular finish to his second round at the Abu Dhabi HSBC Championship on Saturday.
Part-time bowler Alexei Kervezee took three wickets for Worcestershire to set up a tense final day against Sussex.
League One side Fleetwood Town have appointed Steven Pressley as manager.
Rangers made it six wins out of six in the Scottish Championship with a comfortable victory over Livingston.
"The UN was not created to take mankind to heaven, but to save humanity from hell."
Dozens of Coptic Christian families in Egypt have fled North Sinai province after a number of killings in recent weeks by suspected Islamist militants.
Justin Gatlin ran his fastest time of the year to win the 100m at the Prefontaine Classic Diamond League meeting in Oregon in 9.88 seconds.
Jersey's child care inquiry has completed the first phase of evidence.
A Conwy county castle being restored by a community group after years of neglect is opening its doors daily to the public throughout August.
Susie Wolff is launching an initiative aimed at increasing the number of women involved in motorsport.
Rock band Kiss have pulled out of their performance at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction in a disagreement over their line-up.
A suspected robber who was stopped by members of the public when a gang threatened and demanded cash from shop workers has died in hospital.
Business as usual is a concept which does not apply to Bosnia.
Search teams are trying to find an elderly man thought to have fallen into floodwater in Cumbria.
This year's Christmas special episode of Doctor Who, will see the Doctor teaming up with a superhero.
The children's commissioner for Wales says families need to know pupils will never again be put in padded "time-out" rooms after a row in Pembrokeshire.
A boy arrested in Northern Ireland over a cyber-attack on TalkTalk is suing three national newspapers for an alleged breach of privacy.
Teenage opener Haseeb Hameed will make his England debut against India in the opening Test in Rajkot on Wednesday.
A call centre company is to create 800 new jobs in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic will have a statue erected in his honour after being named Sweden's top player for a 10th successive year.
Two men have been charged after an £8,000 raid on a Glenrothes primary school.
It was a determination never to serve chicken tikka masala that almost stopped the career of celebrity chef Vikram Vij just as he was starting out.
Reckitt Benckiser's possible acquisition of the K-Y brand "could lead to higher prices for personal lubricants", says a UK regulator.
A parliamentary candidate who suggested people with mental health issues could wear identity wristbands to prevent communication issues has threatened legal action against a rival.
Plans for three wind farms in the south of Scotland have been revealed.
A ballet inspired by Virginia Woolf will be the centrepiece of the 2014/15 season at the Royal Opera House.
Donald Trump has promised to take Washington by storm.
Barcelona forward Lionel Messi says "I don't know where I'll be next year," but he says he does want to stay at the La Liga club.
Dwayne Bravo has described the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) as "the most unprofessional" in the world.
Mark Cavendish will continue his bid to gain a track place at the 2016 Olympics by riding at the Dudenhofen GP.
Chris Martin hopes that his goal in Scotland's last World Cup qualifier will be enough to retain his place despite a barren spell with Fulham.
One in five victims of domestic violence in Cheshire is male, police have revealed.
People in Pakistan woke up on Wednesday to yet another devastating attack on an educational institution in the Peshawar valley region.
Much of the EU referendum debate in Northern Ireland has been around the economy and what is at stake for exporters.
An estimated average of 114.4 million people watched Sunday's Super Bowl on NBC, according to initial figures.
Uzbek President Islam Karimov is in intensive care after suffering a brain haemorrhage, his daughter says.
Five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship with a 13-5 victory over Matthew Stevens at the Crucible.
A doctors' body is calling for 400 extra GPs by 2020 as its manifesto is launched ahead of assembly elections.
Cheshire Police is to raise its share of council tax by 3.2%, after the government announced a 1.4% cut to police funding.
A Ceredigion photographer has won an international competition with a series of pictures taken in Borth.
A murder victim found dumped in a wheelie bin was showered after being subjected to a violent assault, the High Court has been told.
Japan's parliament has approved Haruhiko Kuroda as governor of the Bank of Japan, who is expected to push for monetary stimulus to boost growth in the world's third-largest economy.
A woman who made a bomb hoax call because she wanted a council to apologise for her treatment as a child in care has been jailed for a year.
More than half of Wales' street lights are switched off or dimmed at night, data gleaned from councils has found.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone would be labelled "boring" if he were managing in the Premier League, says Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce.
A manhunt is under way for a driver who stabbed another motorist to death after a collision between their two cars.
A woman suspended after calling First Lady Michelle Obama an "ape in heels" in a Facebook post is set to return to work in West Virginia, local media say.
A by-election for the Manchester Gorton constituency is set to be cancelled after the House of Commons backed a June general election.
One of six men accused of beating a former Oxford United footballer into a coma has been identified in court in Greece as the main offender.
Scientists in Austria have created an artificial leg which allows the amputee to feel lifelike sensations from their foot.
MPs have voted to allow fracking for shale gas 1,200m below national parks and other protected sites.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a fundraising walk in Bristol to remember Becky Watts who was killed last month.
Talks between Northern Ireland's five main political parties have moved into a second week, with the focus on paramilitary groups.
Kenya's police chief has warned universities not to carry out security drills without his approval following the death of a woman on Monday.
A cyclist has died in a collision with a car near Sunderland.
Dippy the Diplodocus is one of the Natural History Museum's most recognisable residents.
A Morrisons employee who posted staff data on the internet over a grudge has been jailed for eight years.
Two men have been taken to hospital following a disturbance at a crematorium in Glasgow.
Martin McGuinness has said he does not accept Northern Ireland cannot maintain any kind of special status within the EU after the UK withdraws from it.
A 67-year-old driver has died in hospital after he crashed his car in Gillingham.
A councillor with convictions for sexual assault and fraud has quit politics after admitting breaching the local government code of conduct.
Mae banc Lloyds wedi ymddiheuro ar ôl i staff wneud "camgymeriad" wrth wrthod derbyn llythyr yn y Gymraeg gan gwsmer.
Former US President Jimmy Carter is responding well to cancer treatment, according to his spokeswoman.
World number one Angelique Kerber said she was "really surprised" her Wimbledon match was put on court two as Monday's scheduling faced criticism.
MSPs have voiced "very serious concerns" about how the Scottish Police Authority is run.
Brazil's beleaguered President Dilma Rousseff has told the BBC she is an "innocent victim" and she will fight on as possible impeachment looms.
Wales men's hockey team beat Poland in their opening game in the of the World League 2 tournament.
A car driver has admitted knocking down and killing a man in Shetland after a day of drinking.
MSPs will take part in a showdown vote later on income tax as opposition leaders challenge the Scottish government to raise extra money to protect public services.
Retailer Next has seen its shares fall 15% after it forecast that 2016 would be a "challenging year" for its business, "with much uncertainty in the global economy".
Wolverhampton is the least prosperous area in the UK, according to findings from an international think-tank.
Children and teenagers have been among the thousands of people remembering the Hillsborough disaster victims in Liverpool city centre.
Bodyguards are to be hired to protect nesting swans at an annual gala.
UK chip designer Imagination Technologies - which is in dispute with Apple, its largest customer - has put itself up for sale.
Fears over the future of the renovated Penarth Pier Pavilion are unfounded, the charity running it has said.
US President Barack Obama and Canada's new Prime Minister Justin Trudeau have lavished praise on each other during the first official visit by a Canadian leader in nearly 20 years.
Four big planned changes to encourage saving were outlined by the chancellor.
Scotland's former first minister Alex Salmond has revealed that he prefers "people of faith to people of no faith or people who have lost their faith".
The mother of missing toddler Ben Needham has said she now believes her son is likely to be found dead after disappearing on Kos 25 years ago.
Janet Jackson's chief collaborator, Jimmy Jam, reveals the secrets behind their biggest hits and talks about her new album, Unbreakable.
One hundred new jobs have been created following a £7m investment at a Grade II-listed hotel in Denbighshire.
Warrington overturned a half-time deficit to end the regular season Super League campaign with a win over Widnes.
A whistleblower has alleged undercover Russian intelligence agents posed as anti-doping staff to cover up cheating at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics.
Italy's new Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has proposed a sweeping package of tax cuts, in a bid to revive the country's economy.
The father of Shafilea Ahmed has told a court he was not responsible for her death.
Nicola Adams continued her bid to become the first British boxer to retain an Olympic title for 92 years by reaching the women's flyweight final.
Mickey Harte has indicated that he plans to remain on as Tyrone football manager in 2016.
Eastleigh have extended the loan of Wolverhampton Wanderers defender Hakeem Odoffin until the end of the season.
A newly launched independent health watchdog has no staff or dedicated phone line yet, the BBC has learned.
An army commander in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo has been accused of leading the recent mass rape of at least 50 women.
A major scheme designed to prop up the UK housing market is no longer needed, the Bank of England has told the government.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has backed Loris Karius to be a "long-term" success, despite dropping the keeper for the 3-0 win at Middlesbrough.
A zero tolerance policy is needed on homophobic online bullying, international rugby referee Nigel Owens has told MPs.
Philip Hammond has begun discussions with China on an ambitious free trade deal which could see greater access for major Chinese banks and businesses to the UK economy.
A wheelie bin of rubbish was dumped on the front seats of an ambulance as medics treated a patient in the back.
England forward Maro Itoje was named breakthrough player of year and compatriot Sarah Hunter won women's player of the year at the World Rugby awards.
Following the birth of the first tiger at London Zoo in 17 years, a former circus owner talks about his life breeding tigers in rural Lincolnshire.
Human rights lawyer Aamer Anwar has been elected as the new rector of the University of Glasgow.
Jane Ross scored two first-half goals as Manchester City inflicted Notts County's heaviest defeat to stay top of the Women's Super League One table.
A man from Birmingham is being plagued by police calling at his house in error, due to an address mix-up.
In Hard Choices, Hillary Clinton is coy about her marriage and other personal matters - but forthright about the role she played in Benghazi.
A man has been charged with the rape of a student who killed herself while detectives investigated the alleged crime, police say.
It's no small thing when an American prisoner dies horribly.
A woman who risked her life to save her Jewish friend from the Nazis has been honoured by the state of Israel at a ceremony in Jersey.
China is to accelerate the development of its high-speed broadband network to raise speeds but cut prices, its State Council has said.
A Roman Catholic priest took photographs of a boy after sexually abusing him, a jury has been told.
Argentina remain on course to win their first Copa America title since 1993 after thrashing Paraguay to set up a final against tournament hosts Chile.
The annual sharing out of cash for local services is always fraught, and never seen as fair.
The South Korean government has said that North Korea could have a submarine fleet capable of launching missiles in fewer than five years.
One man was killed and two people were injured in a crash involving three lorries and a car on the M40.
The government is under pressure to reverse its decision to pause the £500m electrification of the Midland Mainline.
Following the shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, USA, people have been sharing a BBC news story about an attack in Kenya.
Some families of IRA murder victims have been giving their reaction to the announcement that the army's most high ranking agent within the IRA is to be investigated about the murder of at least 24 people.
Thousands of people turned out to welcome the Paralympic flame as it travelled to the Olympic Stadium for the opening ceremony of the Games.
Susie Rodgers improved her own S7 50m butterfly European record to win one of three golds for Great Britain on day two of the IPC Swimming Open European Championships in Madeira.
It seemed like the ideal solution but the significance was perhaps lost on Abdullah al-Rashidi.
The risk of more cases of avian flu in poultry and other captive birds may increase in the weeks ahead, Wales' rural affairs secretary has warned.
Thieves took everything - including the kitchen sink - in a raid on a house under construction in Dumfries and Galloway.
Chelsea have signed midfielder Danny Drinkwater from Leicester City for £35m.
Author Ruth Rendell has admitted that her famous creation, Ch Insp Reginald Wexford, is based on her.
Adama Barrow, a successful property developer who has never held public office, has defied the odds to score a shock victory in The Gambia's elections.
A World Cup winner, the oldest club in world football and a team named after a country are just three of the 540 sides to have exited the FA Cup since qualifying got under way in August.
Sports Direct's Mike Ashley has been grilled by MPs about the working practices at his firm after a series of allegations.
Eight no entry signs and an illuminated road closure sign to mark an Inverness one-way system have been described as unnecessary by people who live there.
Workers on ScotRail are to stage a fresh wave of strikes in a long-running dispute over the increased use of trains without guards.
Scottish cities, towns and villages risk being left behind other parts of the UK unless they are given greater control over their own affairs, the Scottish secretary  has claimed.
A woman is fighting a £30,000 legal bill after her daughter's yapping dog prompted legal action by neighbours.
A publication named Goblinproofing One's Chicken Coop has been named as the winner of the Diagram Prize for oddest book title of the year.
An "excessively rare" Saxon gold coin that was discovered near a Wiltshire village has been sold for £21,600.
Millwall have signed David Worrall following the winger's departure from League One rivals Southend United.
FlyBe's new daily Dundee to Amsterdam service has been rerouted "until further notice", the airline has confirmed.
A Syrian refugee family who arrived in Scotland before Christmas have spoken exclusively to the BBC about the suffering they fled - and thanked their new community for the warm welcome they have received.
President Barack Obama has nominated a physiotherapist from Cardiff to become a US marshal.
An Icelandic choir has performed a surprise gig at Raigmore Hospital in Inverness where one of its members has been receiving treatment.
Fines for taking children on holiday in school term time are being largely abandoned by a local authority.
A massive power cut has hit dozens of provinces across Turkey, with officials saying a break in connections with mainland Europe could be to blame.
Manager Tommy Wright is sure St Johnstone can hang on to fourth place in the Premiership after picking up a 1-0 win at Ross County.
Ireland's Olympic golf captain Paul McGinley says Rory McIlroy could have learned from playing in the Rio Games.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side fully deserve to end the season as second-tier champions.
Going hungry in the school holidays is a growing problem for up to three million UK children, MPs and peers say.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering an 18-year-old man in the Moss Side area of Manchester.
There is little left in Deupur Sipaghat Kavre other than mounds of splintered wood and shattered bricks.
Scotland's Oliver Burke marked his RB Leipzig debut by setting up a late goal for Naby Keita to secure a 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga.
A major sea search described as one of the biggest in Irish state history has failed to locate two Irish Coast Guard crew members missing since a helicopter crash.
They need a lot of luggage, plenty of in-flight attention and like many long-haul travellers, a good companion by their side.
An MP has said he is still suffering flashbacks after a bonfire he doused with petrol to set it alight exploded in his face.
Plans to open a new minor injuries unit in Pembrokeshire have got a step closer - four years after protests against the closure of the previous one.
Chancellor George Osborne has said if Britain voted to leave the EU it would cause a profound economic shock.
Brexit gives the chance for a "made-in-Wales" approach to farming in the future, Rural Affairs Secretary Lesley Griffiths has said.
Protesters in Mexico clashed with police following a largely peaceful rally in support of 43 students who went missing in September.
Championship winners Leigh Centurions have signed St Helens utility back Matty Dawson for a five-figure transfer fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
The man reviewing the new world of work for Number 10 has told the BBC that controversial tax increases for the self-employed go far enough.
Salford Red Devils have released winger Daniel Vidot to return to Australia, with National Rugby League side Gold Coast Titans reportedly keen.
Welsh Conservative councils would offer fairer council tax bills, promote better recycling and revitalise high streets, the party has pledged.
The Lib Dems are prepared to raise taxes to fund an NHS "that meets the needs of everyone", Tim Farron is to tell his party's annual conference.
The daughter of a man who is suspected of murdering a schoolgirl 55 years ago says her father was "every bit as much of a paedophile as Jimmy Savile".
Wall Street shares ended Tuesday little changed, but the dollar rose on the back of strong retail sales figures.
Irish Taoiseach (PM) Leo Varadkar has engaged in some "sock diplomacy" in his first meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Dublin.
A chapel which closed more than a year ago when cracks appeared during the construction of a nearby retail complex is still awaiting repairs by the developer.
Anis Amri, the jihadist who rammed a lorry into a crowd at a Berlin market on 19 December, died days later in an exchange of fire with Italian police in Milan.
An Australian has been sacked after a profanity-laden rant on Facebook, where he complained that the game Pokemon Go is not available in Singapore.
A 46-year-old man has been charged after a police appeal about someone asking women for a piggyback while they were out running.
Glen Campbell was one of the most successful country singers of his generation.
Belfast is to host a special all-island commemoration for Irish sailors who died in World War One.
Life's tough when you're small.
Residents are calling for a recycling collection centre to be closed after it was told to remove excess waste.
The RMT union has claimed the equivalent of 1,000 Southern rail services per year are operating without a second member of staff on board.
The last pack of English-made cigarettes has rolled off the production line as the country's only tobacco factory prepares to shut.
A man is being questioned by police over a series of armed robberies which took place across Cornwall.
Tuesday's National League game between Eastleigh and Macclesfield has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
The US has said it is "deeply disappointed and concerned" at the three-year jail sentences passed in Egypt on three al-Jazeera journalists.
A regeneration scheme for derelict houses in Toxteth in Liverpool has won Britain's leading contemporary art award, the Turner Prize.
Investors should be given a bigger say over executive pay to help rebuild trust in business, the Institute of Directors (IoD) has said.
Yorkshire rider Dean Harrison is targeting a first top-three finish at the North West 200 next month.
A six-year-old schoolgirl has allegedly been raped by two staff members at a prominent school in the southern Indian city of Bangalore, police say.
Sony Pictures Entertainment has failed in an attempt to dismiss a legal action brought by nine ex-employees over the cyber hack that crippled the studio.
A private care home worker who assaulted a vulnerable resident with Down's Syndrome has been sentenced.
A reward of free range eggs for life is being offered for the return of a pet duckling missing for almost a week.
Wales centre Jonathan Davies admits he needs to work on his form and fitness but hopes to feature in the Six Nations.
A new conservation area has been set up in waters off the west of Scotland to help protect harbour porpoise.
Aaron Wilbraham struck late on as Bristol City edged past Blackburn Rovers at Ashton Gate.
Patients thought to have high blood pressure should have the diagnosis confirmed at home, according to new guidelines.
The governor of the Bank of England has said the banking sector could double in size but still needs tough regulation.
A rise in under-18s being reported to the police for distributing indecent images of children has raised concerns over 'sexting'.
The killing of wild salmon could be banned, except under licence, under measures aimed at protecting  Scotland's wild fisheries.
Sam Warburton says he is considering the remainder of the Pro12 season to be a 'trial' for selection on Wales' summer tour to New Zealand.
Girls are "more afraid" of mathematics than boys in 80% of countries, according to a new study.
The Danish director of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo has questioned why an English-language version is being made of Stieg Larsson's best-selling novel.
Lemmy, who has died aged 70 after being diagnosed with cancer, was the frontman and only constant member of Motorhead, one of the loudest bands in rock music.
An 80-metre tall wind turbine has collapsed on a mountainside in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
New Norwich City manager Alex Neil has learned from the successes and mistakes of his mentor.
A 96-year-old who wrote a song for his late wife has made the US iTunes top 10, alongside Katy Perry and Lady Gaga.
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a long-running equal pay dispute between North Lanarkshire Council and about 200 female staff.
Candidates seeking the Democratic Party's nomination for the US presidency have begun their last debate of the year in New Hampshire.
Jordan Spieth defended himself after being called "garbage" by an internet "troll" as he narrowly made the cut at the Valspar Championship in Florida.
Polish protesters have launched fresh demonstrations against efforts to further tighten abortion laws.
The grandfather of a four-year-old boy who was killed in an accident at their family-run brewery has said he will be "missed more than words can express".
Central government funding has been brought forward for a number of flood defence schemes across Hampshire.
As the Brexit referendum debate approaches its day of judgement, many Americans have been left with a number of questions.
Employers in the EU may be able to ban Muslim staff from wearing headscarves to work as long as it is part of a general prohibition on all religious symbols, a top EU court adviser says.
The chief executive of the Co-operative Group has blamed past mismanagement of the organisation for the problems it has faced.
The mother of 20-year-old Gabriella Engels, the South African model who has accused Grace Mugabe of assaulting her, says she is disappointed and angry with President Jacob Zuma's government for giving the Zimbabwean first lady diplomatic immunity.
A trial scheme which allows people to be told if their partner has been violent in the past is to be extended across Scotland.
All images are copyrighted.
UK unemployment fell slightly to 1.62 million in the three months to October, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
"He was reliable, generous and a great friendâ€¦"
All images are copyrighted.
A gunman has opened fire at a cinema in the US state of Louisiana, killing two people and injuring nine others before shooting himself, officials say.
Warren Mitchell never completely distanced himself from his most famous character, Alf Garnett.
England women's coach Mark Sampson has named uncapped midfielder Millie Bright in his squad for this month's Euro 2017 qualifying double-header against Estonia and Belgium.
A flight is returning to Aberdeen International Airport after an emergency was declared.
Organisers of a Kent street party to mark the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe Day are arranging a reunion with people who attended a party in 1945.
Born in Argentina, Pope Francis is the first Latin American - and the first Jesuit - to lead the Roman Catholic Church.
A centre which celebrates Pembrokeshire's wartime history has unveiled a full size replica cockpit of a Sunderland flying boat.
Only one Welsh university got the highest possible score in a new ranking of degree teaching standards.
Derby City Council has decided not to pursue the owner of the Hippodrome Theatre for £17,000 in legal costs.
A window commemorating the sacrifice of people from Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire in the First World War has been installed at Southwell Minster.
A second inmate who absconded from an open prison has been arrested.
Japan's new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has unveiled his cabinet as he begins the task of economic revitalisation.
A late goal from Kai Edwards gave Wrexham a first win in four National League games as they saw off Southport.
Inter Milan have sacked manager Frank de Boer after just 85 days in charge of the Italian club.
Glenavon have signed ex-Northern Ireland midfielder Sammy Clingan.
Twenty million pounds of investment in one of Northern Ireland's biggest agri-food companies is set to go ahead regardless of the outcome of negotiations over Brexit.
A court in Algeria has sentenced a man to two years in prison for dangling a baby out of a window in order to attract "likes" on Facebook.
South Sudan President Salva Kiir has accused the UN peacekeeping mission of acting like a "parallel government" in his country.
South Africa's largest mobile phone operator Vodacom has announced it will be scrapping its M-Pesa mobile money transfer system in Africa's second-biggest economy.
Oculus Virtual Reality (VR) has revealed its new headset for customers, and revealed it will come with an Xbox One controller.
A "dangerously out of control" dog could be put down after it bit a 10-year-old girl outside a Fife shop.
Details of forthcoming live BBC Sport coverage.
Former senior official Su Rong has been expelled from the Chinese Communist Party for corruption and faces prosecution, said the country's top anti-corruption body.
English rider Mike Hose claimed two wins at the Pre-TT Classic in the Isle of Man on Monday to move level with Bill Swallow's tally of 16 victories.
Gloucestershire earned their first win of the season as Glamorgan collapsed in spectacular fashion on the final afternoon.
Mae Gŵyl Seiclo Aberystwyth wedi tyfu i fod yn ddigwyddiad pwysig sy'n cyfrannu cannoedd o filoedd o bunnoedd i'r economi leol.
Hospital bosses have apologised after a woman in her 80s had jewellery stolen whilst in hospital.
Prime Minister David Cameron has warned: "If we were to leave, and the pound were to fall, which is what most people expect and what the Treasury forecast, that would put up the cost of a typical holiday for a family of four to a European destination by £230."
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed midfielder Jake Forster-Caskey from Brighton for an undisclosed fee.
Police have released the name of a 12-year-old boy who died after being hit by a tanker in Argyll and Bute.
Across the Ethiopian countryside 2,000km (1,243 miles) of railway is being built, the first phase of an endeavour to create a new 5,000km network.
Every year charitable trusts are set up in memory of people who have met violent or tragic deaths.
Greece has condemned the action of Macedonian police to disperse hundreds of migrants at the border between the two countries.
Pelly Ruddock's second goal of the season for Luton all but condemned Dagenham to relegation from League Two.
A Fortuna Dusseldorf midfielder was made to referee a junior league girls' game as punishment for insulting a female referee.
A man who assaulted his baby daughter on two separate occasions in the family home in west Belfast has been jailed.
Mae'r Ysgrifennydd Cyllid, Mark Drakeford wedi cyhoeddi manylion cynllun gwerth £10m sydd wedi ei anelu at gynnig cymorth ariannol ar gyfer busnesau'r stryd fawr o fis Ebrill ymlaen.
Sebastien Ogier secured his third successive World Rally Championship with victory in Rally Australia.
A Christmas tradition that can be traced back to the story of Jesus's birth in Bethlehem is the exchange of gifts.
Aberdeen's Robert Gordon University (RGU) is to cut staff costs by £4m - meaning about 100 jobs are expected to be lost.
Egypt has vowed to rid its Sinai Peninsula of militants after major clashes with Islamic State fighters there killed more than 100 people.
A prison officer killed herself after being sacked for watching a Rugby World Cup match while on sick leave, an inquest has heard.
Two people accused of falsely claiming nearly £10,000 in a so-called crash for cash scheme have denied lying about accidents.
One of three schoolgirls who left east London last year to join so-called Islamic State (IS) is believed to have been killed in a Russian air strike in Syria, her family solicitor has said.
Hollywood actor Mickey Rourke has won an exhibition boxing match in Moscow after returning to the ring for the first time in 20 years.
Post-mortems in France have explained the mystery of how two men found dead together after a meal perished.
A child born with foetal alcohol syndrome has been refused permission to take her case for criminal injuries compensation to the UK Supreme Court.
The Conservatives have won the constituency of Gower - a seat Labour has held for more than 100 years.
A police corruption probe into a prostitute's murder "ignored" evidence which did not match preconceived theories, the High Court has heard.
Britain's Kimberley Woods won a second Canoe Slalom European Championships gold medal in two days with victory in the C1 women's canoe singles.
A dentist who was found dead by her husband at their home died as a result of hanging, an inquest has heard.
There is a UK backlog of more than £3.8bn in uncollected child maintenance payments, figures have revealed.
The Argentine Football Association has postponed two top division matches that were due to take place on Friday following the collapse of negotiations to call off a players' strike.
Floods that affected nearly 500 properties in a Cumbria town had "overwhelmed" defences, a report said.
Drinking water could be contaminated with methane gas and chemicals due to fracking, water companies have warned.
Cardiff Blues head coach Danny Wilson says it would be good to see Leigh Halfpenny return to Wales
Two women are to stand trial charged with murdering and robbing a man in his Edinburgh flat.
Britain's team sprint squad started their Olympic year with victory at the Track Cycling World Cup in Hong Kong.
Two Labour MPs have submitted a motion of no confidence in their leader Jeremy Corbyn for failing to give party voters a clear message on the EU referendum.
Rock band U2 paid an emotional tribute to murdered MP Jo Cox as they brought their Joshua Tree tour to the UK.
Papers urge Japanese PM Shinzo Abe to "honour his words" after he met Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation (Apec) summit in Beijing.
The boss of BT's Continental European operation is to resign after the firm was forced to write down the value of its Italian unit by £530m after years of "inappropriate behaviour".
New Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim's political career began while he managed Istanbul's ferry bus network at a time when current President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was mayor.
A system to keep traffic moving along a busy stretch of the M4 near Newport has begun by varying speed limits in response to road conditions.
The training regime for new police officers in Northern Ireland is at times like a military-style boot camp, according to an internal PSNI review.
Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon has come under fire for saying that a "significant part of the Muslim community danced" in response to the Brussels bomb attacks.
A man who makes two million bottles of the popper recreational drug a year says he will fight plans to ban them.
Plans in England to increase the child to nursery worker ratio could lead to a two-tier system, with a drop in quality in poor areas, a charity warns.
A 151-year-old Bible has been returned to the Scottish descendants of its original owner after making a 3,500 mile journey from the US.
It has been a long journey and not always a straightforward one.
Former England head coach Sir Clive Woodward has warned current boss Stuart Lancaster that social media could derail his side's World Cup campaign.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called on the two Sudans to settle the disputes that have brought them close to war, as she briefly visited the South Sudanese capital, Juba.
The EFL has written to Huddersfield to "request their observations regarding team selection" for Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Birmingham City.
A new exhibition to mark the 30th anniversary of the end of the miners' strike has opened.
Any moves by the UK government to limit immigration could "seriously harm" Scotland's economy, a Holyrood minister has warned.
A man has been charged with murdering a 50-year-old man who died following a stabbing in Lancashire.
Workers at Scotland's largest container port are to begin a two-week strike on Tuesday in a dispute over rotas and pay.
An inquest jury has criticised the Metropolitan Police for failing to send officers to a funeral where a young mourner was shot dead in 2011.
A row has broken out over a bid to create a bus interchange on a closed recycling site, seven years after it had a £1m revamp.
UK car manufacturing slipped in October for the first time in 14 months amid slower domestic demand, according to the industry's trade body.
Programmes like BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing will not be filmed at London's Television Centre (TVC) again until 2017 - two years later than planned.
A 55-year-old woman who died following a crash between a car and a van on the A977 in Perthshire on Friday morning has been named.
A man accused of the murder and sexual assault of an elderly woman in Norfolk has been remanded in custody.
Aaron Wilbraham tapped home an injury-time equaliser for Bristol City after Ikechi Anya looked set to earn victory with Derby County's second Championship goal of the season.
The US, backed by China, has submitted a draft resolution to the UN Security Council aimed at imposing tougher sanctions on North Korea.
As his 80th birthday approached, Bob Hooker decided to slow down a little.
Several Singaporean and Hong Kong English terms, including "wah", "shiok" and "yum cha", are now officially recognised as acceptable English.
Churchill, the 6-4 favourite, won the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket to give trainer Aidan O'Brien a record-breaking eighth win in the Classic.
A senior Vatican priest, stripped of his post after admitting being in a gay relationship, has launched a scathing attack on the Roman Catholic Church.
Skinny jeans can seriously damage muscles and nerves, doctors have said.
Rwandan police are arbitrarily detaining vulnerable people picked up on the streets of the capital, according to Human Rights Watch (HRW).
New high tech robotic arms which can be used for delicate tasks have been approved for use by people in America.
Constantine Louloudis will go for a fourth Boat Race win in five years for Oxford when they face rivals Cambridge in April live on BBC TV.
French actor Gerard Depardieu is to play Russian dictator Josef Stalin in a new film, according to reports.
USA won their sixth successive Olympic women's basketball title, beating Spain 101-72 at Carioca Arena.
Fitbit's shares plunged following the announcement of its first colour smartwatch at the CES tech show.
A vicar has admitted possessing dozens of indecent images of children.
Luton Town manager Nathan Jones hopes to recruit former Nottingham Forest boss Paul Hart to work alongside him at Kenilworth Road.
Liam Phillips has been included in the Great Britain squad for the UCI BMX World Championships in South Carolina.
New 3D creation and editing tools are being added to the next edition of the Windows 10 operating system, including a revamped version of Paint.
On Saturday, Scotland's Paul Craig will complete a remarkable journey from the Hearts youth team to the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A carer found guilty of murdering her MS-suffering father has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of four years.
Alastair Cook's masterful century guided Essex to an eight-wicket victory over Somerset at Taunton.
Irish people around the world raised a glass or two in honour of their patron saint on St Patrick's Day.
Cardiff City are targeting Aberdeen's Republic of Ireland winger Jonny Hayes.
A "sexual predator" who raped five women and attacked two more after meeting them on internet dating site Match.com has been jailed for life.
National League bottom club Guiseley came from behind - and overcame a floodlight failure - to thrash Yorkshire neighbours York City at Nethermoor.
Hundreds of people across Vietnam have protested against China's role in a sea dispute - the largest rallies of their kind recently in the communist country.
Science-fiction writer George Clayton Johnson, who co-wrote the 1967 dystopian novel Logan's Run, has died aged 86.
European aircraft maker Airbus is planning to ramp up production of its A320 following a profitable third quarter earnings.
Hull FC produced one of the comebacks of the season as they hit back from 22-0 down to win at bottom club Widnes.
Richie Gray has joined Scotland's Six Nations backroom staff as a consultant after three years as South Africa's specialist breakdown coach.
Chancellors love springing surprises, especially if they manage to shoot some of the opposition's foxes at the same time.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes hailed the attacking threat of his side as they beat Ventspils 3-0 in the Europa League second qualifying round.
Hundreds of boys in South Sudan have been kidnapped and forced to become child soldiers, the United Nations children's agency says.
Manchester United defender Paddy McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland squad for the first time for the Euro 2016 qualifier away to Romania.
New Zealand player, Sonny Bill Williams, gives his Rugby World Cup winning medal to a stunned 14-year-old fan.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says he was "not mocking anyone" after appearing to antagonise Jose Mourinho in Manchester United's 4-0 defeat at Stamford Bridge.
Oscar-winning actress Cate Blachett is to receive the BFI Fellowship for her contribution to film.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has signed Lithuanian international striker Deivydas Matulevicius on a two-year contract.
Four people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found with serious injuries.
The notion of sportsmen and sportswomen being deemed worthy role models for our children has taken such a battering over the years that you wonder why some people still persist with it.
The owner of hotels including the Savoy in London and Raffles in Singapore has been bought by Accor for €2.6bn (£1.9bn).
UK astronaut Tim Peake says his first three days in space have been better than he imagined.
Pop star Adele has apologised after a fan was injured by a falling chain at a concert in Glasgow.
A British father and his wife have accused a doctor at a hospital in El Salvador of swapping their newborn son at the request of child traffickers.
The centenary of the sinking of the Lusitania will be commemorated later.
Leading Welsh politicians have resumed general election campaigning on Monday following the terror attack in London.
The boom in foreign players at Premier League teams is being matched by interest from overseas football fans, says tourist authority Visit Britain.
Cornish Pirates director Colin Groves has estimated that work on the Stadium for Cornwall will start "in the middle of 2017".
Contracts worth £250m for the proposed Hinkley C power station have been announced but a campaign group claims the deals are "jumping the gun".
West Ham and Ghana forward Andre Ayew has shown he is not a man to shrink in the face of adversity.
A woman was seriously injured when her bag got caught in a train door, dragging her along the platform and on to the track, a report has revealed.
Officials at the referendum count in Glasgow have said they are investigating 10 cases of suspected electoral fraud at polling stations.
Children in care in England will be able to stay with their foster families until their 21st birthday, rather than having to leave at 18, ministers say.
Sussex have signed batsman Laurie Evans on a three-year contract after Warwickshire released him a year early from his deal at Edgbaston.
Margaret Thatcher was warned by her Welsh Secretary that funding cuts would have "most damaging" political effects, newly-released UK cabinet papers show.
Venezuela's President Nicolás Maduro has pressed ahead with plans to create a citizens' assembly to draw up a new constitution.
So-called Islamic State (IS) has released a video online which claims to show two captured Turkish soldiers being burned alive.
Andrew Waterworth scored a second-half hat-trick as Linfield beat Cliftonville to clinch the title on a dramatic final day of the Irish Premiership season.
Former security minister Baroness Neville-Jones says she is "alarmed" by people using mobile phones in public instead of being more alert to the risk of a potential terrorist attack.
The massacre last week at the Lonmin-owned platinum mine in South Africa's North West province, which left 34 miners dead and 75 injured when police opened fire on striking workers, shows a colossal lack of leadership at almost all levels - the government, trade unions, business and the police.
A historic carnival will mark the 800th anniversary of the role of Lord Mayor of the City of London next Saturday.
After the deadly tram crash in Croydon earlier this week, industry experts have stressed that it remains one of the safest forms of public transport and advised against "panicking" by hastily imposing new precautions.
The Scotland Women's squad for the Euro 2017 finals in the Netherlands was due to be revealed on Tuesday, but the announcement has been postponed for a week.
Miriam Gonzalez Durantez, whose husband is former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, has complained after being invited to an International Women's Day event in her married name.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg says David Cameron's veto of EU treaty changes was "bad for Britain" and could leave it "isolated and marginalised".
Luton Town FC have begun talks to buy back its ground, the managing director has confirmed.
John Swift scored twice for Brentford as the Bees stretched Wolves' winless run to seven matches.
Van Morrison has been given a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Some parents of children treated at a heart surgery unit that was temporarily closed last year have said a report into its safety is a "relief".
Championship side Bournemouth will play Liverpool in the quarter-finals of the Capital One Cup.
The collapse of an £800m NHS out-sourcing contract is to reviewed by independent experts.
A child rapist who fled the UK has been arrested in Brazil after three years on the run.
A group that wants lower immigration has forecast if Britain votes to remain in the EU, net migration will exceed 250,000 a year for at least 20 years.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has overhauled his campaign team for the second time in two months, with two new leaders.
Wales will play Georgia for the first time at the Principality Stadium in the 2017 autumn series.
A PA system is being launched at hospitals in mid and west Wales to discourage smokers from lighting up.
Sam Jones hit a brace as Gateshead beat Dover at the International Stadium.
Carole King is to play her first UK concert in more than 25 years at the BST festival in London's Hyde Park.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at those most in danger in the battle against poachers in Africa.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini praised Raheem Sterling's combination with Wilfried Bony as the pair proved able deputies for injured duo Sergio Aguero and David Silva.
Hamza bin Laden, a son of Osama bin Laden, has been officially designated a global terrorist by the United States.
JP Morgan Chase, the largest bank in the US, has revealed it is under investigation over currency trading.
A woman has been recognised for her work with charities helping people with dementia.
A man has been seriously injured in a hit and run collision in Ayrshire.
London's mayor has challenged ministers to publish advice they received over possibly devolving suburban rail services to Transport for London (TfL).
The presumptive Republican candidate in the US presidential election, Donald Trump, has called on Muslims to work with the police and "turn people in".
Unseasonably warm winter weather, the inexorable rise of online shopping and consumer reluctance to pay full price has added up to a fairly dismal festive season for some retailers.
An elite Sydney boys' school is being investigated for animal cruelty after a video emerged of students crash tackling sheep during rugby drills.
The Electoral Commission has opened an investigation into UKIP's finances after allegations it misspent EU funds.
Children are being exposed to TV adverts promoting unhealthy food which should be banned during primetime family viewing, says a campaign group.
Callum Connolly scored twice on his debut as Wigan narrowed the gap to fellow relegation rivals Burton Albion.
Welsh triathlete Non Stanford is confident she can make the most of her first ever World Cup win following a winter disrupted by injury.
For many, Claudio Bravo's first five months in English football were neatly summed up by the caller to the BBC's 606 phone-in last weekend who dubbed the Manchester City goalkeeper a 'false no. 1'.
Menai the turtle was found washed up on a beach in Wales in November, and was rescued by wildlife experts in Anglesey.
Scientists believe they could be a step closer to finding out whether there was life on Mars.
Ministers from all over the world gather in Paris on Monday in a final push for a new global climate compact.
Rival militias are battling one another in Tripoli in the heaviest fighting in the Libyan capital for two years.
The Ministry of Justice is planning to close 103 magistrates' courts in England and Wales.
Aviation fans were able to see the Lynx helicopter fly for the last time after 40 years of Royal Navy service.
Radio 1 has announced some of the content which will appear on the station's section of BBC iPlayer.
A man arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a Shropshire business has been released on bail.
The stepbrother of teenager Becky Watts is set to stand trial for her murder.
Mitsubishi Motors is proposing higher salary caps that could triple the annual pay packages of its top executives.
Omar Sharif was the most famous Egyptian actor of his generation.
An invasive species has the potential to drastically alter Antarctic ecosystems that have been isolated for millions of years, research suggests.
A deer hoof print has been found on a 1,600 year-old roof tile during a dig at Chedworth Roman Villa.
Kenya shocked Fiji 30-7 in the final of the Singapore Rugby Sevens to claim their first World Series title.
A UKIP councillor in Gosport has announced he is defecting to the Conservative Party.
Two of the Isles of Scilly have been declared "rat free" after a scheme to protect sea birds saw more than 3,000 rodents culled.
Ferguson's shipyard on the Clyde has won a Scottish government contract to build two new ferries.
Nintendo has revealed lots of new details about its brand new console, the Nintendo Switch.
For the past few weeks Donald Trump has been railing against what he calls a "rigged" and "crooked" Republican nomination process and silent efforts to deny him the party's presidential bid.
A fuel tanker broke down and then caught fire forcing the closure of a stretch of the M6 in Staffordshire.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has given the security forces a one-week deadline to find the killers of a senior general shot dead on Monday.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a restaurant in Cardiff Bay.
Wes Burns scored his fifth goal in eight games as Fleetwood Town beat Peterborough to move closer to League One safety.
EU standards on the environment and public health risk being undermined by compromises with the US, Greenpeace has warned, citing leaked documents.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland fell by 400 in July, according to the latest government figures.
A new Conservative government would leave schools in England worse off financially than they currently are, the Institute for Fiscal Studies says.
In the last week, we have seen the best and worst of computer technology.
Former Olympic heptathlete Kelly Sotherton says one missed drugs test "doesn't mean you are doping".
The only man from an Anglesey town to be awarded the Victoria Cross is being honoured with a commemorative stone.
The Royal Mail and a union representing postal workers have urged dog owners to "control and restrain" their pets after a postwoman was attacked.
Peter Murchie has signed a new one-year contract with Glasgow Warriors, keeping him at Scotstoun until May 2017.
Exeter University has told its current students that their tuition fees are going to be increased to £9,250 from autumn 2017.
It's almost a year since Microsoft launched Windows 10 - which means two things.
UK shares have risen and the pound has fallen after Bank of England governor Mark Carney hinted at fresh stimulus measures after the Brexit vote.
David Cameron must accept the failure of the government's manifesto pledge to reduce migration into the UK, two leading Vote Leave MPs have said.
The Financial Times is reporting that Trade Secretary Liam Fox is putting pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May to pull out of the EU customs union as part of an eventual deal to leave the European Union.
Esports could be added to the Olympic Games programme in 2024, with the Paris bid team keen to discuss the issue with the International Olympic Committee.
Rebels in Syria say they have captured a major army base in the south of the country.
Heathrow airport could be among businesses contributing to a £300m River Thames defence scheme if it gets the go-ahead to expand.
Watford's Roberto Pereyra has had his suspension reduced from three matches to one following his sending off in Saturday's 3-1 defeat by West Brom.
Up to 1,200 birds have been removed from the Royal Bath and West Show due to a suspected outbreak of disease.
The Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) is hunting for at least two lions which have escaped from Nairobi National Park bordering the capital, Nairobi.
A mother whose son was left brain damaged after midwives allegedly failed to act on signs of jaundice has won compensation at the High Court.
Sometimes as a journalist, you encounter a current or former footballer and depart with a feeling of disappointment; a sense that they're not really telling you what they think or feel.
North Korea has said it is considering carrying out missile strikes on the US Pacific territory of Guam.
Canadian businessman and reality TV star Kevin O'Leary is running for the leadership of the federal Conservative party.
Jazz Carlin became the first Welsh woman to win Commonwealth Games gold in the pool in 40 years when she eased to victory in the 800m freestyle.
On May 7 it's the general election, where adults across the country will decide who they want to run the UK.
While Scotland decides its future on 18 September, the result will be published of another significant vote by one of the country's historic sporting institutions.
The Afghan government has launched a major offensive against Taliban forces near the north-eastern provincial capital of Kunduz.
Glamorgan won for the first time since July 2015 with Timm van der Gugten taking four wickets as they thrashed Surrey in their opening T20 Blast game.
Donald Trump came into office promising to change the face of American politics and transfer power "back to the people".
An early version of the script for the new James Bond film has been stolen by hackers.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The building which will be S4C's new headquarters has no other tenants signed up yet, MPs have been told.
As families across Wales enjoy their Christmas Day, mother-of-four Michelle Morgan faces the prospect of being homeless the next day.
Carlisle United have loaned defender Mark Ellis to Forest Green Rovers for the remainder of the season.
Port Vale have terminated the contract of Portuguese striker Carlos Saleiro, just six weeks after he signed for the League One club.
How many millions would you pay for a penthouse apartment in a futuristic new development with a panoramic view of Berlin?
Nobel laureate poet Derek Walcott has died aged 87 at his home on the Caribbean island of St Lucia after a long illness, local media reports say.
Alexis Sanchez said Arsenal lacked the self-belief to win the Premier League even before their back-to-back defeats by Manchester United and Swansea.
A nightclub owner found dead in his hotel room had suffered injuries to his face, chest and arms, an inquest heard.
The candles on Facebook's 10th birthday cake will barely have been blown out before someone somewhere starts speculating on whether it will ever make 11.
Wins for East Fife, Stenhousemuir and Turriff United completed the second round of the Scottish Challenge Cup.
A man has been jailed for causing the deaths of a motorcyclist and his passenger.
All images are copyrighted.
The US envoy to the UN has warned America may take further action after bombarding a Syrian air base suspected of using chemical weapons.
A man is in hospital with serious injuries following a crash between a lorry and a van on the A470 in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
The parents of a toddler who drowned in a bath have been found guilty of manslaughter.
Four days ago, Dan Evans was not exactly a household name.
A driver who says he was "deliberately and repeatedly rammed" by a lorry has criticised police for failing to respond to his calls for three hours.
The coffin of former US First Lady Nancy Reagan has been placed in the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in California for public viewing.
Megan Giglia, who won Britain's first gold medal at the Rio Paralympics, says sport gave her something to live for after she suffered a stroke and a brain haemorrhage aged 27.
Experienced Edinburgh flanker Roddy Grant has been forced to retire after failing to recover from a knee injury suffered at the end of last season.
The UK needs to do more for refugees on the move in Europe, an alliance of non-governmental organisations has said.
The stars of One Direction have filmed a video message and offered to meet a teenage girl whose leg was amputated following a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers.
Peter Donaldson had one of the most distinctive voices on Radio 4 - warm and resonant, a voice of benign authority with just a hint of humour.
A business leader has accused the former owners of BHS of "lamentable failures", saying its collapse has fuelled public distrust of UK plc.
Hundreds of people have paid their respects at the funeral of a 12-year-old "hero" who died while trying to rescue a girl from a weir.
Police in China have taken 175 people into custody in what authorities are calling the country's biggest ever operation to recover stolen artefacts.
India's royalty lost their official powers when the nation gained independence in 1947, but there is still a great sense of romance and fascination with the men and women who once ruled large tracts of the country.
A biker has died after a collision with a lorry in Askam-in-Furness.
England need six wickets on the final day to complete victory in the first Test against South Africa in Durban.
Guiseley consigned bottom side Kidderminster Harriers to their seventh straight defeat in the National League.
Platypus venom could pave the way for new treatments for type 2 diabetes, say Australian researchers.
More Welsh voters think David Cameron would be a better prime minister than Ed Miliband, according to a new poll for BBC Wales.
Bangladesh is one of the world's most densely populated countries, with its people crammed into a delta of rivers that empties into the Bay of Bengal.
The majority of responses to a consultation on Scotland's football sectarianism laws are in favour of scrapping the legislation, the Labour MSP behind the move has said.
Bristol City have signed Oxford United winger Callum O'Dowda for a fee of at least £1m.
In front of 75,000 paying customers at a packed Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon, Manchester United will parade up to £149m worth of new talent as they take on QPR in the biggest league in the world.
Police have released the full CCTV film from a Kirkcaldy bank which was held up by two armed men in January.
US presidential front-runners, Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump, have continued their winning streaks, taking Arizona.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini took full responsibility for his side's alarming slump but refused to discuss his long-term future.
Five people have been injured after a car and taxi collided in Greenock.
New Wimbledon champion Garbine Muguruza can be the best player in the world, says her coach Conchita Martinez.
Captain Mark Wallace says Glamorgan are "very capable" of salvaging a draw on the final day against Kent in Cardiff.
The Liberal Democrat Tim Farron says his party must "turn our anger into action" and rebuild from the bottom upwards.
It is 40 years since US President Jimmy Carter visited Tyneside on his first foreign trip.
Graduates who do a two-year teaching scheme will be expected to volunteer with the National Citizen Service (NCS), Prime Minister David Cameron has announced.
Sam Clucas' second-half free-kick gave promotion-chasing Hull a point as they drew with lowly MK Dons.
Premiership Rugby and Rugby Football Union officials have held an urgent meeting to assess the handling of George North's latest head injury.
Consumers who are forced to have prepayment energy meters put in should face a maximum installation fee of £150, the regulator has proposed.
The recession is behind us but are we feeling better off?
Niall Currie has been unveiled as the new manager of Portadown.
Yemen, one of the Arab world's poorest countries, has been devastated by a war between forces loyal to the internationally-recognised government of President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi and those allied to the Houthi rebel movement.
Pregnant women in the UK should soon get a safer and more accurate test for Down's syndrome on the NHS, to reduce the risk of miscarriage.
The world's oldest active train station has hosted a live performance of composer Steve Reich's Different Trains, as real trains rumbled past.
Britain's hopes of a first women's Champions Trophy title look over after a disappointing 1-0 defeat by New Zealand in London.
A rugby fan who suffered a heart attack while returning from the World Cup opener is seeking a mystery doctor who helped to save his life.
Dundee came from two goals down to stun Hearts with an injury-time winner and leave Ian Cathro still waiting for his first win as head coach.
The "huge costs" of having a Lieutenant Governor for the Isle of Man "cannot be justified," a nationalist group said.
With 18 days remaining before Americans go to the polls, the Trump campaign finally decides to splash the cash, Janet Jackson emerges as winner of the third debate, and Ivanka Trump defends her father.
Police Scotland will be ready to begin a process of changing its system for handling calls from June this year.
Hexham Abbey has been granted £1.8m by the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) to contribute towards restoration work.
Luke Cowan-Dickie scored a hat-trick as Exeter Chiefs beat Harlequins to record their first win of the season.
Uefa has charged the Montenegrin and Russian football associations following the abandonment of Friday's Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica.
The death of Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej means Queen Elizabeth II of Britain and the Commonwealth Realms becomes the world's longest-reigning monarch.
Championship side Rotherham have signed Walsall winger Anthony Forde on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The prime minister has said that Holyrood can become a ''powerhouse parliament'' but the SNP must spell out how it plans to use its new powers.
The jihadist group Islamic State (IS) says it targeted Shia Muslims in an attack on a Baghdad shopping centre, which reportedly killed 18 people.
The UN is still ashamed over its failure to prevent the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, UN chief Ban Ki-moon has said.
South Africa pace bowler Dale Steyn will not bowl again in the first Test against England because of a right shoulder spasm.
There was frustration for Lancashire and Middlesex as rain prevented any action on day two, with play at Southport abandoned at 15:00 BST.
A financial crisis faced by a sixth-form college is the result of coalition cuts, according to petitions launched by the local Labour and Green parties.
Luton Town boss Nathan Jones has set his sights on becoming "the best manager in the world", but insists he is not using the League Two side as a stepping stone.
The Queen is hosting the first ever UK state visit by an Irish president, as Michael D Higgins begins a four-day diplomatic mission to Great Britain.
The Aurora Borealis - better known as the Northern Lights - have once again been providing a light show above the skies of Northern Ireland.
Bayern Munich remain three points clear at the top of the Bundesliga after beating Werder Bremen.
Mae tri o bobl wedi eu hanafu yn dilyn digwyddiad mewn mynwent yng Nghaerdydd.
A West Ham Ladies' match has been called off so that the men's win over Manchester United can remain as the last public fixture played at Upton Park.
Malaysia's central bank is forecasting economic growth of between 5% and 6% this year, which in the current global climate is better than other economies in South East Asia.
A man has been charged with carrying out a sexual assault on a woman almost 40 years ago.
A multi-million pound court battle over a spelling mistake said to have led to the collapse of a Cardiff company has been settled.
Two people, one believed to be a child, died when they were struck by a First Great Western train in west London.
Scottish ministers have been told to "get a grip" of data control as new claims emerged of equipment being lost or stolen from the public sector.
Alastair Seeley has broken the record for wins at the North West 200 road races by achieving his 16th career win at the international meeting.
Burkina Faso has banned the export of donkey skins as a sharp increase in sales to Asia is threatening the animal's population.
Ethiopia has dismissed allegations it is violently suppressing protests in its restive Oromia region as an "absolute lie".
A Welsh government-owned investment company has defended a decision to compete for business as part of England's Northern Powerhouse.
Oil companies weighed on the London market as energy shares were hit by a fall in oil prices ahead of the meeting of Opec oil producers on Wednesday.
After the election, the numbers in both Houses of Parliament looked pretty daunting for the government whips.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Mannir Dan Ali, editor-in-chief of Nigeria's Daily Trust paper, looks at why the Nigerian president is finding it hard to please anyone.
Free all-day car parking has been re-instated at 10 sites in Lincolnshire, three years after it was scrapped to save money.
The Ministry of Defence is now asking recruits to the armed forces whether they are gay in a bid to improve diversity in the military.
A sculpture of a girl which appears to fragment as the person looking at it moves closer has been installed at Temple Meads railway station.
Maria Sharapova will return from her doping ban in Stuttgart in six weeks time, but her participation at the French Open and Wimbledon remains in significant doubt.
President Barack Obama has lashed out at senators who blocked a bipartisan plan to support expanded background checks on firearms.
An investigation into sex abuse claims made against the former Speaker of the House of Commons Viscount Tonypandy has ended.
The US has "aided and abetted" the Boko Haram Islamist militant group by refusing to provide weapons to Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari says.
The founder of a Dutch care system has travelled to Scotland to speak to health professionals and the Scottish government about his not-for-profit care company.
A top EU official has questioned the European Commission's ethical standards over the new role of ex-Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso at US investment bank Goldman Sachs.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the country is "sick of being lectured" by the UN over its treatment of asylum seekers.
Demolition crews have partially razed the home of a man presumed dead after he was swallowed up by a sinkhole in Florida.
Most passengers will pay the same fares in 2020 as they do now, London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
A man drowned while trying to rescue his daughter from a river in Cumbria, an inquest has found.
Jailed paedophile Ian Watkins was so "tech savvy" his collection of child abuse photos and films amounted to data almost five times the size of the police force that arrested him.
Grimsby Town Football Club has signed a deal with a leisure provider to build a new 14,000-capacity stadium.
Frank de Boer could help Crystal Palace to the Europa League if he takes charge at Selhurst Park, says brother Ronald.
A security alert in north Belfast has reportedly ended after a suspicious object was declared a hoax.
Britain's Lee Haskins could return to Las Vegas for a big pay day after winning the IBF world bantamweight title without throwing a punch.
A football club has criticised searches of its female supporters who were asked to show their bras to security staff.
Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, whose flogging sentence caused an outcry, has been awarded the European Parliament's Sakharov human rights prize.
EU states could take more genuine refugees from Syria if they worked together better, the new head of the UN refugee agency has told the BBC.
Plans for legislation to enable the development of the UK's first commercial spaceports have been delayed by Brexit, BBC Scotland understands.
Chris Ashton will appeal against a 10-week ban that would rule him out of England's entire Six Nations campaign.
Grimsby Town returned to the Football League after a six-year absence with victory over Forest Green Rovers in the National League promotion final.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace as Mercedes impressed in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix.
The London Dungeon tourist attraction has apologised for a promotional Twitter campaign that backfired.
Swansea City are close to securing the return of striker Wilfried Bony from Manchester City.
England have kept the same team that won at Edgbaston for the final Test of the four-match series against Pakistan, which starts at The Oval on Thursday.
The Scottish Gamekeepers Association has raised concerns about whether sea eagles could differentiate between children and their natural prey.
The spectre of an Olympic Games plagued by the Zika virus may be waning, as the cold spell sweeping through southern Brazil deals with disease-carrying mosquitoes more effectively than any repellent.
A full programme of Football League fixtures returned on Saturday following the international break and there was no shortage of headlines across the three divisions.
Parts of Anglesey have been left without water after a leak, Welsh Water has confirmed.
Prosecutors are to decide whether to charge two police civilian staff over events leading up to a murder.
Donald Trump has told a Kremlin-funded TV network "it's probably unlikely" that Russia is trying to influence the US election.
Harry Panayiotou revealed that Leicester City's Premier League triumph was an inspiration for Raith Rovers' Premiership play-off quarter-final victory over Hibs.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has ordered officials to open up to civilians the heavily-fortified area of Baghdad known as the Green Zone.
A Russian airliner which crashed in Egypt's Sinai peninsula, killing all 224 people on board, broke up in mid-air, a Russian official says.
Worcester Warriors booked their place in the Championship play-off final, but they had to come from behind to beat London Scottish on the night.
Villagers were left with their neighbours' phone numbers by bungling telephone engineers.
The government has announced that our most congested road, the A14, will be tolled.
The health minister has given further clarification around the publication of a new strategy to tackle hospital waiting times in Northern Ireland.
The White House has presented to Congress a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility, one of the president's long-standing goals.
Housing developers could be made to make 30% of a development affordable housing under new government plans.
Woking's winless run in the league extended to 13 games after Gateshead came from behind to earn a point.
Information is being sought over a teenage mother who went missing in the West Midlands 10 years ago this month.
Motoring show Top Gear has returned to BBC Two with its new line-up of hosts.
Women will have to wear hats, not fascinators, as part of a tightening of the dress code in Royal Ascot's Royal Enclosure this summer.
Kenya has come top of the overall medal table at the World Athletics Championships in Beijing for the first time, with seven gold medals.
There is what to many will look like a contradiction at the heart of the Bank of England's voluminous pronouncements on inflation and interest rates.
Edinburgh City's first competitive match as an SPFL side ended in League Cup defeat to Livingston at Meadowbank.
Coleraine rower Joel Cassells and his British team-mate Sam Scrimgeour have won the lightweight pairs gold medal at the World Championships in France.
Finance ministers from Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales have said they should be included in the UK's negotiations to leave the EU.
A row has erupted in Cardigan over plans to invite an English folk group to headline the opening concert at the historic town castle.
A GP practice has been warned it could be closed down after inspectors placed it in special measures for a second time.
Growing up in Sion Mills, Sarah Friar's introduction to engineering was dismantling and reassembling her mum's vacuum cleaner.
A 15-year-old girl has been arrested after the death of a seven-year-old girl in York, police have said.
Chinese exports defied expectations in December to rise 2.3% from a year ago in yuan-denominated terms.
South Africa completed the second-highest run chase in one-day international history as they beat Australia by four wickets in Durban.
Liverpool have rejected a third bid from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho - believed to be in the region of £114m.
A final commemorative round £1 coin has been struck using a design created by the Bishop of St Asaph following a Royal Mint competition.
Sports Direct, the retailer under fire for the treatment of its staff, says it will now put a workers' representative on its board.
The Trump administration is standing firm over its ban on immigration from seven countries despite court rulings and mass protests against it.
Firefighters have left the site of the Cheshire wood flour mill which was destroyed in an explosion that left three people dead and a fourth missing.
The boundaries of the Roman Empire have been expanded following the discovery of Roman coins in a rural village.
A man has been charged with arson after fires at a hospital and university.
Politicians in the UK have said that plastic microbeads should be banned across the world.
A Met Police detective working in a child abuse investigation unit has appeared in court accused of a string of child sex offences.
Fresh doubts have arisen over plans by French Energy firm EDF to build an £18bn nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point, Somerset.
Here is the full text of Chancellor Philip Hammond's letter to Conservative MPs explaining his decision to drop National Insurance increases announced in last week's Budget.
I think it is shocking that in 2017 a club the size of Manchester United does not have a women's team, and what is even worse is they will not properly explain their position.
Seven prison officers and one prisoner were taken to hospital after "disorder" at a young offender institution, police have said.
The United Kingdom punches above its weight in terms of the international reputation of its universities, with four in the top six of the latest rankings from QS.
Former Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger will not become the head of the Scott Trust, which owns the Guardian Media Group, he said on his Twitter account.
Nations responsible for much of the world's ocean plastic pollution have promised to start cleaning up their act.
The elections watchdog has recommended a change to the question to be put to voters in a future EU referendum.
Down at Hinkley Point yesterday, I watched the EDF Energy staff erect the party tent in preparation for the arrival of VIPs invited to toast the final piece in the nuclear power station puzzle.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm after an assault on a 63-year-old man at Finsbury Park.
A book with pages that can be torn out to filter drinking water has proved effective in its first field trials.
Leeds boss Garry Monk said Huddersfield matchwinner Aaron Mooy should have been sent off for a "horrendous" foul in the west Yorkshire derby at Elland Road.
An Indian court has rejected a federal police report which had ruled that two teenage girls found hanging from a tree in India last year took their own lives and were not gang-raped and murdered.
The Football League faces a problem getting plans ratified that would lead to the game's biggest shake-up since the Premier League was formed in 1992.
In the past 10 years only Tony Mowbray has lasted more than two years as manager of Hibernian.
A father accused of imprisoning his daughter at their home in Saudi Arabia has failed in a bid to limit reporting of the case.
Pop star Lady Gaga is to honour David Bowie with "an experiential tribute" at this month's Grammy Awards.
The 11 plus exam could end in 2019 under an overhaul of Guernsey's secondary education system.
World number one Andy Murray will play Russia's Andrey Kuznetsov in the French Open first round while fellow Briton Johanna Konta faces Hsieh Su-wei.
Jamie Murray has urged the Scottish government to back his mother Judy's plans for a tennis centre near Dunblane.
Yaya Toure has been voted the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
The Sapporo Snow Festival has started in Japan, featuring its famous collection of snow sculptures!
A Brazilian indigenous community that has been facing eviction from a building next to the Maracana football stadium has celebrated the police's decision to leave the area.
Gary Roberts rescued a point for 10-man Portsmouth with an equaliser at relegation-threatened Yeovil Town.
Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily has erupted.
The British Lionhearts made a winning start to their latest World Series of Boxing campaign, with an away victory over USA Knockouts.
The Orange Order will take no action against UUP leader and Orangeman Tom Elliott for going to Ronan Kerr's funeral Mass, the BBC understands.
A woman who used Facebook to track down the man who tried to rape her has seen him brought to justice.
More than 30 lions rescued from circuses in Colombia and Peru have been flown to South Africa to start a new life in a sanctuary.
Almac, the Craigavon-based pharmaceutical firm, made a pre-tax profit of almost £27m in 2016.
Hen harrier numbers have fallen by 9% in Scotland since 2010, according to the latest national survey.
Barack Obama has used the annual White House correspondents' dinner to crack jokes about his healthcare policy, his political opponents and Vladimir Putin.
After the anxiety and drama of the past few days in Nigeria, it is tempting to get carried away by the impact of this ballot - what it represents for both Africa's largest democracy and for those countries on the continent still wrestling with the notion that power can change hands without the world coming to an end.
Mae elusen wedi galw am sefydlu cofrestr er mwyn cofnodi enwau pobl sydd wedi cyflawni troseddau yn erbyn anifeiliaid, yn dilyn beirniadaeth nad oes ffordd glir o orfodi gwaharddiad ar y troseddwyr.
Cornwall's main hospital has been told it must improve, two years after it was given the same instruction by inspectors.
Ram-raiders using a JCB digger and a forklift truck destroyed a petrol station building in a bid to steal a cash machine.
A Portsmouth prison built in 1877 has closed its doors for the last time.
England bowler Mark Wood is to have a third ankle operation and is likely to miss the Test series in India.
Former England spinner Monty Panesar is to work with the Australia team before their Test series in India.
A teenager arrested after a woman died in an alleged hit and run crash has been freed by prosecutors.
A thief who stole a wallet and mobile phone from a man who lay dying from stab wounds has been sentenced.
A car has crashed into a house and on to the roof of another car.
Titanic Belfast is to be the venue for the new Irish Open tournament in November, at which 128 of the world's leading players will compete.
Thames Valley Police must improve how it records data on Gypsies, Roma and travellers "as a matter of urgency", an independent review has said.
Alun Cairns has launched a fierce attack on the "mismanagement" of £4bn of EU grants by the Welsh Government intended to help the poorest areas.
Ministers will start to make a case for British military action in Syria next week - with Downing Street keen to take the "next step" against so-called Islamic State - the BBC understands.
At least 77 people have been killed after a lorry loaded with passengers and goods crashed in the Central African Republic, officials say.
A man has been jailed for 27 years after seven people were injured in a series of shootings during a feud between rival gangs.
An unmarked police cyclist is taking to Edinburgh's streets to highlight the space cars should give bikes on the road.
People with links to one of the world's most famous locomotives are being urged to come forward with their memories.
Saudi Arabia has invited Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted for alleged war crimes, to a summit with US President Donald Trump and Arab and Muslim leaders.
Damian Green has said the Conservatives will not "look again" at plans to fund social care in England, despite fears they will be unpopular with voters.
A man who suffered a broken pelvis when he was run over at speed on a petrol station forecourt has said he is "upset" the driver was not jailed.
A 14-year-old girl in the northern Nigerian state of Kano has confessed to killing the man she was forced to marry, police say.
A council project to boost the number of "sole trader" carers for the elderly may leave people without support, a care association has said.
A judge in Brazil has issued an order preventing US swimmers Ryan Lochte and James Feigen from leaving the country after police queried their evidence in a robbery case.
Thirteen climate change activists have pleaded not guilty to charges of trespassing on Heathrow's north runway.
Venezuelan electoral authorities have confirmed that the opposition has won a key two-thirds majority, enabling it to challenge President Nicolas Maduro.
A DUP adviser who was "intensively involved" in the Nama loans sale process has said he never had "any understanding" that two businessmen stood to be paid as part of any deal.
China has issued travel advice to its citizens travelling to Turkey after it said several tourists were attacked in protests over the Chinese government's treatment of ethnic Uighur Muslims.
A cliff top and section of beach in Hampshire have been shut following a landslip.
Liverpool Football Club has fallen into the red despite posting record revenue.
German prosecutors have indicted Formula 1 motor racing boss Bernie Ecclestone on a bribery charge.
Doctors have warned of a "lack of knowledge" about the dangers of mixing some medications with grapefruit.
The US and regional neighbours of North Korea have condemned Pyongyang's plans to launch a rocket-mounted satellite as an act of provocation.
Southampton reached the EFL Cup final at Wembley with a fully deserved victory over two legs against Liverpool - crowned by Shane Long's late winner at Anfield.
Elderly people face having to move out of care homes deemed out-of-date.
St Helens have named an unchanged 19-man squad from the one that secured a narrow victory at Warrington.
Liam Sutcliffe kicked eight goals to help Super League strugglers Leeds Rhinos to victory against Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
Ivory Coast's former first lady, Simone Gbagbo, has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for her role in the violence that followed the 2010 elections.
A computer project for the NHS 24 telephone helpline which is currently running £41m over budget was praised in a Scottish government report.
Cyclists taking part in a major race in south Wales were forced to carry their bikes for a time after a small amount of tacks were discovered on the route.
Chinese exports have seen their sharpest drop in almost seven years, adding to concerns over the health of the world's second largest economy.
The hormone erythropoietin (EPO) could prevent brain injuries in very premature babies, a study suggests.
Firefighters in Chile say they have managed to control a huge forest fire around the port cities of Valparaiso and Vina del Mar.
Nigel Pearson saw his first game in charge of Derby end in a goalless draw against Brighton at the iPro Stadium.
A planned indoor arena for Swansea has come a step closer as council bosses begin looking for a firm to run it.
Hundreds of naked cyclists have taken to the streets of London to protest against car culture and oil dependency.
During term-time some schools provide free meals for families who struggle to afford to pay for healthy foods.
Working people in four south Wales counties will be given the chance to boost their skills in a £3.8m project.
New TV drama The A Word tells the story of a family discovering that their quirky five-year-old son is in fact autistic.
The Sinai plane crash has drawn international media attention to Islamist armed groups active in the Sinai Peninsula.
It is less turkeys voting for Christmas, more turkeys debating how many of them there should be on the farm.
Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar has rejoined Eredivisie side Ajax after signing a one-year deal.
Scotland women's coach Anna Signeul believes any team in the world would want Kim Little in their starting XI.
A woman has been cleared of murdering her partner who was found with stab injuries.
Actor Lenny Henry has criticised the BBC's plans to increase on-screen diversity by 5% in the next three years.
Arsenal defender Mathieu Debuchy has joined Ligue 1 side Bordeaux on loan for the rest of the season.
The family of a mentally ill father who killed himself in prison have described his treatment there as "despicable".
The collision between rival number eights Taulupe Faletau and Billy Vunipola could be a highlight of England versus Wales, according to Welsh hooker Ken Owens.
Head teachers in England are having to share staff with other schools as they try to find "stop-gap solutions" to fill vacancies, the Association of School and College Leaders says.
Gunmen dressed in military uniforms have stormed the office of the attorney general in the northern Afghan city of Mazar-e-Sharif, killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 65.
The chairman of NHS Tayside is to retire after almost 50 years of work in the public sector.
British number two Aljaz Bedene will play Rafael Nadal at the Monte Carlo Masters after beating Lukas Rosol in round one.
Aden Flint scored a late winner as Bristol City climbed out of the Championship relegation zone with victory at fellow strugglers Wigan.
Police investigating a shooting outside a primary school in East Dunbartonshire said a number of young children may have witnessed the incident.
The US economy added 321,000 jobs in November, while the unemployment rate stayed at 5.8%, official Labor Department figures show.
World number one Novak Djokovic says a recurring wrist injury has "taken its toll" after a "very busy and active" year.
Harlequins scored 15 points in the final eight minutes against 14-man Gloucester to clinch a dramatic victory at Kingsholm.
Christchurch Borough Council's leader and deputy have been ousted by their colleagues after a vote of no confidence.
The fourth dog attack in a year on a flock of sheep in Sussex has "wiped out years of work", a farmer has said.
Temperatures topped 29C on Scotland's hottest day of the year so far - sparking a warning of overnight downpours and thunderstorms.
A 56-year-old man has been arrested after a disturbance at a crematorium in Glasgow.
Hearts beat Rangers to go second in the Scottish Premiership in what could be Robbie Neilson's last match in charge.
When you don't have a sheep dog, how do you herd your flock?
Briton Sally Conway defeated Austria's Bernadette Graf to win the -70kg judo bronze medal.
A goal from substitute Eamonn Brophy 17 minutes from the end earned Hamilton a point against 10-man Celtic.
A Christian official has defended her refusal to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples in Kentucky.
In a modern spin on the tale of David and Goliath, a disgruntled customer has found a new way to use social media to take on a big corporation.
Lance Armstrong's seven Tour de France titles will not be awarded to any other riders, the International Cycling Union has announced.
David Cameron has said it is his "firm conviction" the UK should join other countries bombing Islamic State militants in Syria.
Bristol have signed Tonga international Sione Faletau and Edinburgh's Jack Cosgrove for next season.
Police officers have been asked to stop conducting bail checks on a man accused of murdering a prison officer, the MP for East Belfast has claimed.
It was precisely 19:13 GMT on Tuesday when Cristiano Ronaldo stepped on to the Old Trafford turf.
Rescuers have gone to the aid of 21 long-finned pilot whales which stranded on the shore at Staffin on Skye.
Residents and emergency workers in southern Chile have been clearing ash that rained down on towns after an eruption of the Calbuco volcano.
A decision not to renew the UK's nuclear deterrent would be "irresponsible folly", a group of ex-senior military officials has said.
Pope Francis has celebrated Mass at St Peter's Basilica in the Vatican, at the start of a synod of Roman Catholic bishops focusing on family issues.
Three rickshaws have crossed Clifton Suspension Bridge at the start of a bridge-to-bridge charity ride from Bristol to London.
Baku was the new kid on the Formula 1 block in 2016, presenting fans with the fastest street circuit on the calendar.
The Mayor of London has agreed to support the Met Police's call for water cannon to be purchased.
Hospital doctors are keeping some casualties from the Grenfell Tower fire unconscious for several days to allow them to recover from the effects of smoke inhalation.
A computer hacker has admitted stealing hundreds of user accounts from a US military communications system.
More than one in five home insurance claims is unsuccessful owing, in part, to the complexity of policies.
Sussex have announced that veteran batsman Murray Goodwin will leave the club at the end of the season.
An office development in Belfast's Titanic Quarter has been put up for sale with a price tag of £29m.
Norwich City have completed the signing of 23-year-old Leeds captain Jonny Howson for an undisclosed fee.
Tributes are being paid to the award-winning Malian photographer, Malick Sidibe, who has died at the age of 80.
America's latest addition to its Ballistic Missile Defence System looks out of place surrounded by mile after mile of flat Romanian farmland.
Essex have become the second county to announce their intention to stand against a new city-based Twenty20 competition, planned for 2020.
Spanish prosecutors have called for Brazil and Barcelona football star Neymar to be tried for fraud.
The UK government's National Living Wage plans have been criticised as a "misappropriation of the term" by the Scottish government.
Travellers who sparked a Supreme Court legal battle by pitching at a site for more than seven years have left.
The new police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Northamptonshire has denied he is "empire building" with his plans for a 17-strong team.
A 50-year-old man was left with knee injuries after a car hit him in High Wycombe before driving off.
Donald Trump's controversial call for a "great, great wall" on the US-Mexico border has yet to be realised but a tiny, tiny one has been built instead - surrounding his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Jeremy Corbyn wasn't the left's first choice for Labour leader.
No sooner has Sepp Blatter said he is heading for the exit door at Fifa's plush headquarters in Zurich, than urgent questions are being asked about how football's tarnished governing body should reinvent itself.
The first footage has given a glimpse of what to expect from ex-Top Gear trio Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond's new car show The Grand Tour.
Former BBC Economics Editor Stephanie Flanders is to chair the judges of the 2016 Baillie Gifford Prize for Non-Fiction.
Israel's Supreme Court has ruled that a collection of unpublished Franz Kafka manuscripts must be transferred from an Israeli family to the country's national library.
The UK's subsea sector is in for two years of tough times and will only weather the storm if it embraces innovation and new technology, an industry body has warned.
It is a matter of vital national interest that there is no return to a hard border on the island of Ireland when the UK leaves the European Union, the taoiseach (Irish prime minister) has said.
A Conservative councillor has been suspended over an offensive Facebook post he wrote mocking fundraising in memory of killed MP Jo Cox.
Rory McIlroy has pulled out of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth later in May, but says he is close to removing the "bad habits" from his game.
As every viewer of the Alec Guiness comedy classic, Kind Hearts and Coronets, knows, when peers are hanged, the execution is performed with a silken cord.
The Chinese city of Wuhan is on red alert for more heavy rainfall, after torrential downpours overnight left parts of the city submerged.
Rock stars Stereophonics have been asked to help save a venue where they played some of their first gigs.
Defender Shaun Barker has signed a new six-month contract with Burton Albion.
Northern Ireland's secretary of state and deputy first minister are taking separate visits to the US to brief the government about the Stormont crisis.
Scottish firefighter Stevie McCrorie has won the grand final of the BBC show, The Voice.
An Indian woman stranded in Pakistan for a decade has identified her family in photos sent from across the border.
It is the Bank's duty to talk about EU referendum risks, says Bank of England governor Mark Carney, dismissing accusations the Bank is too political.
Paapa Essiedu, the first black actor to play Hamlet for the Royal Shakespeare Company, has won a top theatre award.
Barack Obama has urged the UK to stick with the EU, as he began his final trip to Britain as US president by having lunch with the Queen.
Paralympic gold medallist Richard Whitehead has completed 40 marathons in 40 days.
A blood test can more than halve the number of people admitted to hospital with a suspected heart attack, say doctors.
The government has encouraged hospitals to offer discounted parking for carers as it rejected a bid to change the law.
A top court in the US state of Connecticut has overturned the death penalty for inmates on death row, deeming it unconstitutional.
The UK has said it will stand up for Gibraltar's interests after the territory accused Spain of using Brexit to forward its territorial aims.
Two teenagers have been named as victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster accident.
Twins claim world record title as the first pair to be born in different countries - nearly 40 years later.
A 20-year-old Iraqi has been found dead in a UK-bound lorry in Calais port, French authorities have said.
A driving instructor who left two young sisters paralysed after a "road rage" crash in Northamptonshire has been jailed for four-and-a-half years.
Mexico will compensate China Railway Construction Corporation (CRCC) $1.31m (£835,953) for cancelling a $3.75bn high-speed rail contract.
US regulators' sluggishness over drone testing could be an opportunity for the UK, a leading academic has said.
A school has apologised to a Christian teaching assistant it disciplined for sharing her views on gay relationships with a 14-year-old student.
Police have issued a CCTV image of a man they wish to trace over an assault with a weapon in a pub.
A 42-year-old man was seriously injured after being punched in an "unprovoked" attack in Glasgow city centre during the early hours of Saturday morning.
A woman persuaded a friend to hide a loaded gun in her home and joked over WhatsApp whether her two young children might find it.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been in north Wales to meet organisations which support young people and tackle mental health issues.
A fresh appeal has been made in a bid to find a man wanted in connection with a fatal crash five years ago.
Few observers predicted anything other than a closely-fought match between the Championship winners and the second-best team in the country.
Green & Black's, which pioneered organic Fairtrade chocolate, is launching its first UK product without a Fairtrade or organic label.
A three-month old kitten had to be rescued by firefighters after it got stuck in a toy car.
A 91-year-old man has been conned out of a four-figure sum of money by two bogus workmen.
The son of chef Marco Pierre White has been ordered to perform unpaid work after he admitted dishonestly using his ex-girlfriend's bank card.
Scientists working on Europe's Planck satellite say the first stars lit up the Universe later than previously thought.
A block of "new style" flats is to be built near Manchester's Victoria station.
Jockey Barry Geraghty will miss the Galway Festival and is out for at least two months after breaking his right arm in a fall at Market Rasen.
Fermanagh start their league campaign against Down with their sights set firmly on achieving top-flight status.
Almost 40% of sellers targeted in an operation by Trading Standards in England were caught illegally allowing under-18s to buy e-cigarette products.
Mae'r blaid Lafur wedi dweud y bydden nhw'n creu pedair o wyliau banc newydd petaen nhw'n ennill yr Etholiad Cyffredinol.
Vietnam and the United States have taken the first step towards cleaning up Agent Orange contamination.
The Mount Etna Volcano in Italy has erupted.
Russia's participation in athletics at the Rio Olympics will be decided when the council of world governing body the IAAF meets on 17 June in Vienna.
Members of 8 Steps Dance Group explain why dancing is a fantastic way of expressing creativity and emotion as well as being a great way of keeping active.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a two-year-old girl was found dead at an address in Stoke-on-Trent.
Campaigner Malala Yousafzai has called for more to be done to educate millions of Syrian refugee children displaced within the country and its neighbours.
Cardiff City beat Queens Park Rangers in a breathless encounter to stay top of the Championship table.
Serena Williams says she never believed she would return to Indian Wells after suffering crowd abuse at the tournament as a teenager.
Burton Albion skipper John Mousinho says he is relishing a second season in the Championship after signing a new one-year contract.
A hormone released during childbirth and sex could be used as a treatment for the eating disorder anorexia nervosa, scientists suggest.
A couple have been arrested on suspicion of allegedly importing firearms and drugs into the UK.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center, which investigates Nazi war criminals, has published its latest list of its most wanted surviving suspects.
Haiti's presidential and legislative run-off elections have been postponed, officials have said.
A coastguard from Pembrokeshire has made history by becoming the highest-ranking woman in Her Majesty's Coastguard.
When, next week, the Queen invites her guests in the Buckingham Palace ballroom to stand and toast the People's Republic of China there will be one notable absentee from the state banquet.
All three chicks being raised by a well-known female osprey in the Cairngorms have died, RSPB Scotland has confirmed.
The neonatal intensive care unit at a Cardiff hospital has stopped taking admissions due to a "cluster of infections".
Aircraft maker Boeing has reported a 25% rise in quarterly profit, helped by an increase in deliveries of commercial aircraft.
MSPs are to debate legislation aimed at integrating railway policing into Police Scotland for the first time.
As she moves on from her posting, the BBC's Southern Africa correspondent Karen Allen looks back on nearly 12 years of reporting from the continent.
Amid much grandeur, President Joachim Gauck of Germany has just laid the foundation stone of one of the country's most ambitious post-war projects.
An ex-England captain, a former Lance Bombardier in the Army and the most expensive signing in Championship history.
Snowdonia's renowned natural beauty is to play a starring role in a Hollywood film featuring Jude Law.
Norwich City's next head coach will come from a shortlist of managers currently in jobs, sporting director Stuart Webber has said.
A policeman who pressured a vulnerable member of staff into two sex acts was allowed to keep his job so he would not lose his pension, a tribunal heard.
Thousands of Cross-Channel ferry passengers are facing long delays at the Port of Dover amid heightened French security checks.
There is "no truth" in press claims of a split in the Royal Family over the future roles of Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice, the Duke of York has said.
A 20-year-old woman who claims she was sexually abused by traditional Irish musician Francis McPeake has claimed in court he "lost his temper" when she told him she thought she might be pregnant.
A person who threw a trolley onto train tracks is lucky to be alive, transport police have said.
A man who murdered his girlfriend by stabbing her 80 times in a "jealous rage" has been jailed for life.
A two-year-old boy has been found dead in a river after being reported missing in Perthshire.
League Two strugglers Crawley Town have signed Ipswich Town defender Josh Yorwerth on a one-month loan deal.
Songs released only on streaming services are to be eligible for Grammy nominations for the first time, as part of changes to the music awards' rules.
Swindon Town have fined three players after they appeared to inhale nitrous oxide in a live social media video.
US police have said they are evaluating claims that Hollywood star Mel Gibson allegedly hit his ex-girlfriend.
Liverpool Lime Street is to close for three weeks for a major refurbishment.
Northern Ireland has two pressing financial issues on which the Secretary of State could act before parliament is dissolved in early May.
Comedian Amy Schumer has called for tougher gun control laws in the US, after two women were shot dead at a screening of her movie, Trainwreck.
West Indies' Kraigg Brathwaite achieved the best Test bowling figures by an opening batsman for more than half a century on day three of the second Test against Sri Lanka in Colombo.
Former Spooks star David Oyelowo has expressed disappointment at the way Bafta has snubbed his new film Selma.
There is a "very good" chance the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Conservatives will agree a parliamentary deal by next week, a DUP MP has said.
A British man wanted in the US for allegedly hacking into government computers says he fears dying in jail if he is extradited.
Firms caring for thousands of people living at home in Wales are facing tough financial pressures to stay open, a care companies body has said.
The DUP MLA Jim Wells will not be prosecuted for comments he made about gay marriage during a hustings event for the Westminster election.
Australia were bowled out for only 85 on the first day of the second Test against South Africa at Hobart.
A prison officer went for a cigarette when he could not find a teenager who was supposed to be in his cell, an inquest heard.
Convicted rapist Ched Evans has been in talks about signing for League One club Oldham, BBC Sport understands.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is taking his pro-trade message directly to Americans.
The roof of a double decker bus has been torn off after it struck a railway bridge in Basingstoke.
Dame Angela Lansbury said she felt "like a million dollars" after winning her first Olivier Award for her first West End role in nearly 40 years.
A play on the life of the Dumfriesshire minister who started the world's first savings bank has been premiered in the church where he preached.
Tear gas has been used in many countries in 2014 and most recently in Ferguson in America to control people protesting over Michael Brown's shooting.
Broadcaster Sir Michael Parkinson has confirmed he has been given an all-clear by doctors after two years of treatment for prostate cancer.
An incubator in the nursery of India's premier medical institute in Delhi has been home to a tiny infant for the past few days.
For South Africa, salvation came at a cost.
Three young males who racially abused a US army veteran on a Manchester tram have admitted going on a "rampage".
On the morning of 12 February, North Korea conducted a ballistic missile test launch from Banghyon air base near the west coast of the country.
An interim director has been put in place at an Aberdeen City Council department criticised over the baby ashes scandal earlier this year.
Scottish Labour MSP Ken Macintosh has told BBC Scotland the "party machine" is bullying his supporters in an attempt to avoid a leadership contest.
The government of Slovenia, beset by economic turmoil and allegations of corruption, has fallen.
Cardiff City captain Sean Morrison has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until 2020.
Two black men have been shot dead by police in the US this week, the latest in a line of similar incidents, many of which have led to protests.
Security police have used tear gas and stun grenades to break up an anti-government march in Bahrain's capital, Manama.
In late November, in the forests of Western Pennsylvania, the deer hunting season begins.
Furniture used by some of the world's top athletes during the Commonwealth Games is to be distributed to vulnerable families in Glasgow at the end of the event.
The decision of the government to support a ground-breaking technique for preventing serious genetic disease is a bold step for science and society.
US actor George Kennedy, who starred in movies including Cool Hand Luke and the Naked Gun series, has died at the age of 91, his grandson has announced.
Plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes in enclosed public places have divided a group of AMs looking at the proposal.
Pianist Tokio Myers has been named winner of Britain's Got Talent.
The founder of Germany's anti-Islamist Pegida movement has gone on trial in Dresden on hate speech charges.
Officers investigating a cold case murder of a Cambridgeshire man 25 years ago have started digging an area near to where he was last seen alive.
The Museum of Liverpool is to close for two months for "essential works" to rectify construction and design issues with the building.
Power is, in many ways, a family business.
A blaze at a block of flats in an Edinburgh housing estate was started deliberately, police believe.
Cardiff Blues' tackling will have to be up to the mark against Harlequins' Wales star Jamie Roberts in their European Challenge Cup away match on Sunday, says head coach Danny Wilson.
Pope Francis has conducted the first canonisation of a married couple in a ceremony in St Peter's Square.
Jody Craddock was accustomed to seeing his face on the front cover of the match programme at Molineux during his 10 largely successful years as a Wolves player.
Roger Federer, the 17-time Grand Slam singles champion, does not intend to retire after next year's Olympics.
Derry City dropped to fourth in the League of Ireland table after Sean Houston's injury-time goal earned Finn Harps a dramatic Brandywell draw.
Nearly 30 million people around the world are living as slaves, according to a new index ranking 162 countries.
Finishing her 53rd marathon in as many days, Amy Hughes has run into the record books, not only beating the women's record, but the men's as well.
An Egyptian woman, believed to be the world's heaviest woman at 500kg (1,102lb), will soon be flown to India for weight reduction surgery.
A takeover of National League club Torquay United is close to completion, according to chairman David Phillips.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won seven frames in a row to beat Neil Robertson 9-5 and win his fourth Welsh Open title.
At least 52 people were killed when a lorry plunged 200m (650ft) off a road into a gorge in the Cusco region of south-eastern Peru, officials say.
The wife of Zimbabwe's 92-year-old President, Robert Mugabe, has said that he is so popular that if he died, he could run as a corpse in next year's election and still win votes.
Australia, Indonesia and Malaysia are to trial a new method of tracking planes, almost a year after a Malaysia Airlines flight disappeared.
Kent's Sam Billings believes experience of tournaments such as the Indian Premier League and Australia's Big Bash can only improve English cricketers.
One of the most important events of the 20th Century was the overthrow of China's last imperial dynasty, the Qing, and the founding of the Republic of China (ROC).
Workers have begun to dismantle the statue of a Greek goddess from Bangladesh's Supreme Court complex, after an outcry from Islamists.
An autograph book containing a sketch of a shark drawn by Damien Hirst has sold for £4,664 at auction.
Oxford City chairman Brian Cox has confirmed that a pending High Court hearing has been called off after the club paid an outstanding tax bill.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests.
Mae'r blaid Geidwadol "gas" wedi dychwelyd, meddai Prif Weinidog Cymru, Carwyn Jones wrth lansio maniffesto Llafur yng Nghymru.
Union bosses said 1,200 job losses at Hampshire County Council would lead to "inferior services" to communities.
Two teams that need no introduction to each other are AFC Wimbledon and MK Dons.
A fire at a recycling plant which was storing illegal waste was started deliberately, the fire service said.
Country star Dolly Parton once said of her appearance that "it costs a lot of money to look this cheap".
The European Tour "will have to adjust and adapt" if radical proposals to alter golf's majors schedule are implemented, says boss Keith Pelley.
Sir Chris Hoy says the commitment shown by the Scottish Government and the National Lottery will help ensure the Commonwealth Games legacy continues.
Sainsbury's has said sales of clothes, summer food and paddling pools helped speed up growth in the past few months.
The Chinese authorities are investigating reports that hundreds of children have become sick after their new school opened next to a former industrial site.
A pigeon fancier who lost 59 racing pigeons after hunting dogs strayed onto his property and killed the birds is to receive more than £60,000 in damages.
Airdrieonians manager Eddie Wolecki Black is in a stable condition after taking ill during half-time of Saturday's win at Cowdenbeath.
Blackburn Rovers have signed defender Derrick Williams for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal from Bristol City, while Tommie Hoban has joined on a season-long loan from Watford.
A snake with the largest venom glands in the world could hold the answer to pain relief, scientists have found.
Dan Lawrence became the third youngest batsmen to score a County Championship century on day three of Essex's game against Surrey at The Oval.
Four men arrested in Londonderry by police investigating dissident republican activity are released unconditionally.
Norman Hudis, best known for writing the first six Carry On films, has died at the age of 93.
Romantic drama Carol leads the field at the London Critics' Circle Film Awards, having received seven nominations from the UK's film reviewers.
A government scheme to compensate rail passengers with free tickets may not go ahead unless it is fully funded.
Japan is struggling to make sure it has enough proficient English speakers when it hosts the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2020.
Nissan is to build a new compact model, called the Invitation, at its Sunderland factory.
A man who beat his four-year-old daughter to death has been jailed for life.
A theatre manager in Belfast has questioned why the arts in Northern Ireland receives less funding than other parts of the UK.
As tensions rise again in Egypt, the country's Christians are dreading a further backlash.
Canada's former popular radio host Jian Ghomeshi has gone on trial on charges of sexual assault and choking.
It was no coincidence that Egypt's uprising began on Police Day last year; protesters' original demands included the resignation of the hated former interior minister, Habib al-Adly, and an end to the abuses committed by his security forces.
Nearly one third of people in Wales have no religion, according to census data.
The case of TV presenter Claudia Winkleman's daughter, whose Halloween costume brushed by a candle and  burst into flames, has put the issue of fire safety firmly in the headlines.
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said the election is "absolutely rigged" by the "dishonest media" and "at many polling places".
So two more questions about the ramifications of the IMF's trenchant opposition to the current planned structure of a Greek rescue.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has warned that Israel risks becoming "an apartheid state" if a two-state solution to the conflict with the Palestinians does not emerge soon.
A memorial to three soldiers murdered by the IRA on the outskirts of Belfast has been vandalised for a fifth time, a local fundraiser has said.
Media groups have reacted angrily after several, including the BBC, were barred from an informal briefing with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.
Detectives investigating the murder of a 24-year-old man shot in a suspected ambush have named him as Salim Coulter.
England director of cricket Andrew Strauss says "more separation" of the Test and one-day teams will improve their chances of winning the World Cup.
Nick Hungerford knows a few things about dealing with rejection.
A cricket team was bowled out for 0 in just 20 balls in a county six-a-side indoor championships match.
A motorcyclist who left a 10-year-old boy with brain injuries after a hit-and-run has been jailed for 15 months.
A 39-year-old man has appeared in court charged with having cocaine, a handgun and bundles of cash which the police believe were the proceeds of crime.
Somerset youngster Tom Abell made his second first-class century to help his side post 295 against Warwickshire.
China has banned the construction of government buildings for five years, according to state media.
The brother of a Portsmouth man killed while fighting for Islamic State (IS) in Syria has been charged with preparing terrorist acts.
Sussex's Stiaan van Zyl scored an unbeaten 166 as Leicestershire ended day three 36-0 chasing 425 to win.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has condemned as "treason" a call by prominent Kurdish politician Selahattin Demirtas for Kurdish autonomy.
Swedish fashion retailer Hennes & Mauritz (H&M) has said "strong" store and online expansion led to improved sales and profits in the first quarter.
Many parts of Scotland are at risk of flooding over Christmas after more heavy rain affected the country.
British military reservists are to join regular troops in Sierra Leone to help tackle the Ebola outbreak.
The Iranian government says it will cap salaries of public officials after a row over the high level of pay of some employees.
Nine councils in Wales are to share nearly £9m to improve natural environments used by local communities.
A species of insect not previously recorded in Scotland has been found at an RSPB reserve in the Highlands.
A 92-year-old man has been found guilty of using a chatroom to incite what he believed were 11 and 12-year-old girls to engage in sexual activity.
An Islamic State video which shows militants with US weapons is being investigated by defence experts at the Pentagon, the US defence headquarters.
Captains would be the only players permitted to speak to referees about "major incidents", should a proposal from football's lawmakers be adopted.
Mae bachgen 17 oed wedi marw a dynes ifanc wedi'i hanafu'n ddifrifol yn dilyn gwrthdrawiad rhwng car a bws mini ar ffordd yr A4086 ger Capel Curig.
The former best friend of a man found bludgeoned to death in one of the most exclusive streets in Edinburgh has been found guilty of the murder.
A couple have been jailed for dealing cocaine from their home in Wigan and ordered to pay back the money they made illegally.
"We are not over the hill" declares 87-year-old James Humphrey Haslem Crawshaw - known to all as Hum - from the stage during rehearsals for his theatrical debut.
All photographs by James Parker.
Scotland's main commercial radio broadcaster has welcomed significant increases in listener figures.
Japan's Olympic organisers have unveiled the new official logos of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Rescue work is set to resume to find victims and survivors of the latest deadly earthquake to hit Nepal.
West Bromwich Albion technical director Terry Burton and head of recruitment Mervyn Day have left The Hawthorns as part of an expected summer reshuffle.
Shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan has said he will co-operate with any investigation over claims he used his mobile phone while driving.
Search teams have recovered the black box data recorder from a cargo ship that sank last year near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin.
The annual Hajj  pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia has reached its climax with 1.5 million Muslims gathering at Mount Arafat to offer day-long prayers and recitations from the Koran.
A British team has postponed its bid to break a 400mph land speed record after pilot Guy Martin crashed during the world's fastest road race.
Leicestershire have signed Middlesex all-rounder Neil Dexter on a three-year contract from the start of next season.
A major international agreement designed to protect cultural property during military conflict is to be finally ratified by the UK.
Europe's most successful Kickstarter project is finally ready to deliver the tiny drone that won more than Â£2.3m in backing last November.
Some 20 people, including senior officials, have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, witnesses have told the BBC.
Wales have made five changes from the team that beat South Africa in November for Sunday's Six Nations opener against Italy in Rome.
An increase in manufacturing jobs in the Sheffield City Region could help close the economic gap between northern and southern regions, a report says.
The leader of the UK Conservative MEPs says stridently Eurosceptic opinions give the wrong impression that Britain is one against the rest in the EU.
A wanted man who taunted police by dressing as Where's Wally handed himself in while broadcasting the event on Facebook.
The operator of a Surrey landfill tip could face legal action over a smell of rotten eggs coming from the site.
Using family bonds to promote the rehabilitation of fathers in jail is an idea that should be run in all prisons, minister Andrew Selous has said.
A 40-year-old man has serious injuries after being stabbed by a gang in a "random" attack in Clydebank.
Pakistani papers have praised Islamabad for overcoming diplomatic tensions with India to continue peace talks efforts.
Egyptian security officials say a key leader of a militant group has been shot dead in the Sinai peninsula.
The Conservative Party took 35 out of 55 available seats to retain control of Somerset County Council with an increased majority.
An "intelligent" knife that can sniff out tumours to improve cancer surgery has been developed by scientists.
A university has been fined after two students suffered "life-threatening" effects when they were given 100 times too much caffeine in an experiment.
A castaway from El Salvador who claims he spent more than a year adrift in the Pacific has begun his journey home.
A new museum and art gallery are set to be built in Fife under multi-million pound plans for Dunfermline.
A coroner recalled six witnesses at the inquest of a police sergeant who died while in a psychiatric unit in Wrexham.
The government must make an "urgent and immediate decision" on airport expansion in south-east England, a group of cross-party MPs have said.
Former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has registered as a candidate in Iran's presidential election, despite being told not to by the Supreme Leader.
Liverpool have completed the £8.5m signing of Brazilian midfielder Philippe Coutinho from Inter Milan.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side must be better in attack in Saturday's game against world champions New Zealand in Wellington.
Two goals in five second-half minutes saw Plymouth earn victory after being given a searching examination by play-off chasing Mansfield.
Dr Michael McBride is beginning work as the new chief executive of Belfast Health Trust on Monday.
President Obama has hailed a deal restricting Iran's nuclear programme as a "historic understanding" which, if implemented, will make world safer.
Witnesses have described the chaos and horror after a fatal explosion at the concert by US pop star Ariana Grande at Manchester Arena.
Two people are being held on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead following a house fire in London.
A 29-year-old British man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the deaths of two women in Hong Kong.
The future relationship between the UK and the EU will not be negotiated within two years, says the former head of the Foreign Office.
China, Donald Trump and Brexit are set to dominate this year's World Economic Forum (WEF) meeting in Davos.
Wales coach John Kear has named six uncapped players in his 32-man training squad for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
3D imagery has now reached China's rice paddy fields.
A headstone for Seamus Heaney's grave, inscribed with a quotation from one of his poems, has been unveiled ahead of the second anniversary of his death.
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson says their loss at Sheffield Wednesday showed him which of his players "can't quite handle the pressure."
When a German Chancellor feels the need to explain the refugee convention to an American president, the speaker of British House of Commons says the leader of its closest ally is not welcome to address parliament, China positions itself as the grown-up in the room by chiding him for his blunt Twitter diplomacy and the botched travel ban is denounced not just by US adversaries, such as Iran, but allies, such as France and Canada, is it not time to sound the death-knell of American exceptionalism?
A Dundee councillor currently under investigation for allegedly sending anti-Islamic texts to a Muslim colleague has resigned.
Derby County remain in fifth place in the Championship after a win over Huddersfield.
The partial ceasefire for Syria brokered by the United States and Russia is scheduled to come into effect on 27 February.
Plans for a £7.7m revamp of a 120-year-old council building have been given the go ahead.
Cliftonville manager Gerard Lyttle hopes to maintain their Premiership title push with victory over Portadown at Solitude on Saturday.
US President Barack Obama has urged China to abide by its obligations under an international treaty in its activities in the South China Sea.
Burundi's ruling party is waging a "relentless campaign of intimidation" against its critics ahead of presidential elections next year, Amnesty International says.
Scientists say a lack of exercise could be killing twice as many people as obesity and are urging people to get more active.
A school crossing patrol could be permanently scrapped after a four-year search for someone to staff it failed.
At least five civilians were killed as India and Pakistan exchanged fire in the disputed Kashmir region, days after a meeting between leaders of the two countries in Russia.
There was all the pageantry of a real space launch.
A £7.5m scheme to protect an area devastated by floods almost four years ago is set to get underway.
Australian sports stars are being urged not to stand for the national anthem during this weekend's major rugby league and Aussie Rules finals, as a protest against racism.
Most of the cuts that were planned for higher education have been reversed, the finance minister has announced, as the Welsh budget was passed.
It can start innocently enough: Perhaps your partner asks to see a receipt for the supermarket shop, or explains that he or she opened your bank statement by mistake.
A 17-year-old schoolgirl has been granted permission to leave class to save lives at sea after becoming an RNLI volunteer.
Football, for most Manchester United fans, is a virtual experience.
German carmaker Volkswagen was one of the "most disliked" companies for pressure groups last year following its emissions scandal, a survey has found.
Small towns on the Borders railway route have been "regenerated and reinvigorated" by the opening of the line, campaigners have said.
Revellers at an Australian dance music festival were filmed charging into a powerful dust whirlwind on Saturday.
The need to recruit good future leaders for England's schools is urgent, the head of Ofsted has said.
Up to 600 vehicles have been damaged during a large fire at a car  dismantlers' yard in County Londonderry, firefighters have said.
Police have launched an investigation after video emerged of shots apparently being fired at a republican funeral in west Belfast.
Charlie Gard's parents have been told they will be able to spend more time with their terminally ill baby.
Social media users have been rallying around Aussie Rules footballer Adam Goodes, after he became embroiled in a racism row with fans.
Every year Christmas comes around and with it a whole bunch of new toys.
Libyan forces are hunting down the last Islamic State (IS) jihadists in the city of Sirte, after ousting them from their former bastion.
UK scientists have successfully germinated seeds from the critically endangered Japanese Birch, a species that has just 21 known trees remaining.
Northampton Saints earned a much-needed Premiership win at Franklin's Gardens to inflict a seventh straight defeat in all competitions on struggling Sale.
Labour and the Conservatives have joined forces to form an administration in Aberdeen.
UK house prices in July were up 10.2% from a year earlier - the biggest annual change since September 2007, according to the Halifax.
A school an Ofsted inspector once dubbed "the worst she had seen" is now rated good.
Research at Swansea University could help predict further attacks and detect problems in heart attack patients.
Ten years ago the phenomenon that was The Da Vinci Code was attracting a growing number of visitors to Rosslyn Chapel.
A public inquiry into whether a planned new housing development would "impair" Jodrell Bank's telescope has begun.
Afghanistan still does not have a full government a year after the presidential election.
At least 23 people have died and seven others were injured in a massive explosion at a fireworks factory in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Cuba has said it will release more than 3,500 prisoners in a goodwill gesture ahead of a visit by Pope Francis.
A "technical hitch" has been blamed for leaving 180 passengers stuck on British Airways's i360 attraction in Brighton.
One of the earliest coins ever minted in Scotland is going under the hammer.
A gang blew up cash machines at banks and supermarkets across England and Scotland stealing hundreds of thousands of pounds, a court has heard.
A Bath councillor has been found guilty of being involved in a cannabis drugs ring.
Hundreds of staff at the Health Protection Agency (HPA) in Wiltshire are facing another year of uncertainty over the future of their jobs.
A £15m discounted bus travel scheme for young people has been launched.
Police are to conduct random breath tests at vehicle checkpoints as a result of new legislation in a bid to crack down on drink-driving.
Scotland's first minister has branded speculation about the impact of the general election on her plans for an independence referendum as "nonsense".
The UK's biggest zoo has told Newsround they are increasing security patrols for their animals, after an incident at a French zoo.
A man has been charged with murder after a street brawl in south London.
MPs have put pressure on the government to guarantee EU nationals living in the UK the right to stay after Brexit.
There is no holding back on descriptions of uniqueness in tributes to Muhammad Ali in global media.
The assembly's four party leaders have delivered New Year messages with an eye on the 2016 elections.
Over the summer the UK government, in the shape of the former Northern Ireland Secretary Owen Paterson, was accused by unionists of acting like Pontius Pilate, washing his hands of decisions on parades.
Former head coach Graham Henry believes Wales can improve their attacking play by showing more intelligence.
Tunisian security forces have arrested the nephew of the Berlin market attacker Anis Amri and two other suspects, officials say.
Chris Ashton needs to "fix" parts of his game before he can expect to be selected for England again, says head coach Eddie Jones.
It has been a dramatic week for the Saudi economy: the country has slashed public spending, and rowed back from its 18-month policy of pumping out oil at near maximum levels by reducing daily production by 350,000 barrels.
An outbreak of measles has been confirmed in Carmarthenshire, Public Health Wales has said.
Substitute Jackson Irvine scored an injury-time goal as Burton boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation with victory at third-placed Huddersfield.
Two Russian cosmonauts have set off on a spacewalk from the International Space Station (ISS) to launch a nano-satellite.
Two scientists have won the Nobel prize in physics for their work on the theory of the Higgs boson.
Hampshire fast bowler Fidel Edwards is set to miss the rest of the season after surgery on a broken ankle.
Derek McInnes wants to see his side bounce back from defeat at Inverness and keep their title hopes alive with victory at Partick Thistle on Friday.
A 24-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the theft of a trailer containing £20,000 worth of biscuits.
South Koreans will head to the polls on 9 May to choose their next president.
Arsenal Ladies beat Reading Women for the second time in four league games to go third in Women's Super League One.
Cameron Bancroft made only his second County Championship half-century of the season as Gloucestershire reached 150-1 against Sussex at rain-hit Hove.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes became the Indian Premier League's most expensive foreign player when Rising Pune Supergiants bought him for £1.7m.
Steps at a bay in Guernsey could be opened by Easter, according to the environment department.
Cymro o glwb athletau Swansea Harriers yw'r Prydeiniwr cyntaf i gwblhau Marathon Llundain eleni.
Tommy Wright insists St Johnstone are on course to equal last season's points tally of 57 despite a recent poor run.
Hundreds of factory workers have gathered in front of the Indonesian Supreme Court building in central Jakarta, their arms raised in anger.
The US State Department has said that US and Cuban negotiators will meet next Thursday to discuss re-establishing embassies in each other's capitals.
Liverpool striker Danny Ings will be out for up to nine months with a knee injury that requires surgery.
The government has under-spent its sixth-form education budget by £200m this year, analysis of figures from a written ministerial answer suggests.
Teenage cyclo-cross rider Ffion James hopes to impress at the World Championships in Luxembourg on Saturday.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has spoken for the first time about her "painful experience" of losing a baby in 2011.
University of the Highlands and Islands (UHI) scientists have been exploring the idea of the "internet of food".
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed in Sheffield.
A Whitstable man is aiming to become the youngest person to run 100 marathons when he completes a race in Deal on New Year's Eve.
Livingston maintained their slender advantage at the top of Scottish League One with a narrow and late victory over Albion Rovers.
A parliamentary candidate for Labour at the May election must pay £894 compensation and do 60 hours of unpaid work after being convicted of fraud.
National League club Woking have signed goalkeeper Michael Poke.
The regular use of Caesarean sections is having an impact on human evolution, say scientists.
Burton Albion have signed midfielder Luke Murphy on loan from Championship rivals Leeds United until the end of the season.
Former United States captain Landon Donovan is to be part of the American investment group taking over Premier League club Swansea City.
Plans for American sides to join the Pro12 have been dismissed by the company running the pro game in the US.
Shifting sands have revealed a significant complex of Bronze Age buildings in Orkney.
A wildfowl centre has recorded its highest number of rare avocet birds.
Is Britain more - or less - at risk of a major terrorist attack if it leaves the EU?
Former Real Madrid footballer Roberto Carlos wore a body camera at the legends match against Roma on Sunday 11 June.
A man who blew himself up in Stockholm was carrying three explosive devices and intended to kill as many people as possible, prosecutors say.
The United Nations has said that it is increasingly worried about the high number of civilian deaths in the Afghan province of Helmand.
The government should limit the amount of money spent on legal advice for politicians, officials and military figures as part of the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq war, a Tory MP has said.
The flash of brown fur was difficult to see as it raced across the muddy field, but the dog was easy to spot.
Rail passengers using the Brighton Main Line will face disruption over the bank holiday weekend from engineering work.
Sports channel ESPN announced it is cutting 300 jobs or 4% of the company's workforce.
Britain's Ricky Burns was given a stern test as he made a successful first defence of his WBA world super-lightweight title against Kiryl Relikh.
Veteran Celtic rockers Runrig are to appear in a new Scottish film and will also compose the movie's title music.
A man who battered his girlfriend's five-year-old son to death in a London park for losing a trainer has been jailed for life.
Irish Health Minister Leo Varadkar has said the timeframe for the reform of the country's health service was overambitious from the start.
A former Olympian says he's dismayed one of Derby's last large council-run swimming pools is about to close.
A cathedral police force has been given back the power of arrest for the first time in nearly 80 years.
A woman drove at a police officer manning a road block and carried on for 350 metres with him "spread-eagled" on her bonnet, a court heard.
Campaigners supporting a £15m plan for Liverpool's Welsh Streets have protested outside the opening of a public inquiry into it.
A blind, disabled woman felt "utterly trapped" by Rolf Harris as he groped her, a court has heard.
Japan's defence ministry says it is seeking more funds for military spending, a day after news the government would boost the defence budget for the first time in 10 years.
A teenage girl who had been missing for almost a week has been found "safe and well" in central Glasgow, police have said.
The boardrooms of top UK companies have undergone a "culture change", with a growing number of women in decision-making roles, a report has said.
American Tyler Alexander, one of the key figures in the founding of the McLaren team, has died aged 75.
Gylfi Sigurdsson has been named Swansea City's players' and supporters' player of the year for the second successive season.
England winger Anthony Watson is a doubt for the Six Nations opener against France after suffering a hamstring strain.
Roque "Rocky" De La Fuente should probably be a Republican.
James Dyson has told the BBC it's important to keep engineers in the UK to produce hi-tech exports, as he announced a £1bn investment in research and development.
Welsh Labour is promising a "real partnership" with a Labour government in Westminster as it launches its manifesto on Monday.
Facebook has announced a "slimmed down" version of its Messenger app for countries where older smartphones and slower net speeds are more common.
A man charged over the deaths of two members of the Cornish shanty group Fisherman's Friends has appeared in court.
England batsman Adam Lyth says every player is at risk of being dropped from the team following their humiliating defeat in the second Test.
A Rangers supporter who kicked a Hibs fan during a pitch invasion at last year's Scottish Cup Final has been jailed for nine months.
The father of former Hearts footballer Ryan McGowan told helpline counsellors he had killed a man, a court has heard.
Britain's Dan Evans and James Ward both won their opening Australian Open qualifiers to move within two victories of the main draw.
A teenager has described how his friend, killed alongside four teenagers in a car crash, begged him for help.
A £20,000 reward is being offered to find a "very violent" man involved in an attack which resulted in a heavily pregnant woman losing her baby.
Brazil mining company Samarco has agreed to pay at least 1bn reais (Â£170m; $260m) in compensation for the collapse of two dams it used to hold waste water from iron ore.
Arctic sea ice may be more resilient than many observers recognise.
A former Thai general has been sentenced to 27 years in jail for human trafficking at a landmark trial.
The best ways to encourage people to speak Welsh at work will be discussed on Friday by more than 100 delegates from organisations across Wales.
A murder investigation has been launched after a teacher died five days after she was attacked at her home.
A teenage girl has died after suffering a cardiac arrest in a Wiltshire park.
There was applause for the French security services and police in the National Assembly on Thursday when it was announced that they had caught - and killed - the planner of the Paris attacks, Abdelhamid Abaaoud.
Rory Best has urged Ulster not to wallow in their injury woes and instead produce a big performance in Friday's European game against Toulouse.
A busy Japanese road reopened on Tuesday, just one week after it was wrecked by a gigantic sinkhole.
An airfield established during World War One as a Royal Flying Corps base for anti-Zeppelin fighters has marked 100 years of active service.
Northen Ireland's Ryan Farquhar is to ride a Tyco BMW factory Superbike at this year's Isle of Man TT road races.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found badly injured at a house in Leeds.
Ross Taylor became New Zealand's leading one-day international centurion as the Black Caps beat South Africa by six runs in Christchurch.
A former youth football scout has been arrested by police investigating allegations of historical sex abuse.
The UN wants to set up an intervention force to fight rebels fuelling conflict in DR Congo, says a UN official.
Hit Scottish time-travel drama Outlander has been given a slot on UK television for the first time.
Video technology to help referees cut out clear mistakes should be introduced in English football, says referees' chief Mike Riley.
Putting out birdfeed in Britain's gardens is shifting the migration of one particular winter visitor, the blackcap, scientists say.
A man who was given a kidney by his best friend says he feels "100% better" and is considering a charity skydive.
Brighton midfielder Steve Sidwell has signed a new one-year contract with the newly-promoted Premier League club.
A Portuguese court has awarded the parents of missing Madeleine McCann damages of £358,000 after a libel case.
Dozens of questions about the Scottish government memorandum of understanding with Chinese firms were lodged during the first session at Holyrood.
An investigation is under way after allegations from whistle-blowers about the operation of a renewable energy scheme that led to a £30m overspend.
For more than three decades, the Democratic Unionist Party was the natural party of protest for unionists in Northern Ireland, the outsiders who challenged the establishment Official, or Ulster, Unionists.
Residents of a village near Heathrow Airport say they are being "overwhelmed" by people seeking asylum in the UK.
A murder inquiry has begun after a woman was found with fatal stab wounds at a house in Greater Manchester.
Germany's Tony Martin won a joint record fourth men's individual time trial world title at the Road Cycling World Championships in Qatar.
Two people have been arrested after a three-month-old boy was taken to hospital with a bleed to the brain.
Laura Muir will attempt to break Zola Budd's 32-year-old British mile record at the London Anniversary Games on 9 July.
Nicki Minaj is promising fans the "biggest and best tour yet" when she heads to Europe next year.
Michael Keaton's new role is, he thinks, "a Trumpian character," as he takes on the part of Ray Kroc, the 1950s salesman who wrested the McDonalds name from the restaurant founders, Dick and Mac McDonald, and turned it into a modern day global franchise.
"You get so nervous you don't know if to run and hide or what to do; we went into the kitchen and hid behind the freezer in the hope that it would protect us," María (not her real name) recalls of the time she and her family were caught in the crossfire between two armed groups.
Billionaire investor George Soros has warned that Britain's vote to leave the European Union makes the disintegration of the bloc "practically irreversible".
The "magnificent" beard of socialist thinker Friedrich Engels has inspired a climbing wall sculpture in Salford.
Kidderminster scored three first-half goals to beat Macclesfield and make it three league wins in succession.
Newport Gwent Dragons director of rugby Lyn Jones says the region have "nothing to lose" in their European Challenge Cup quarter-final at Gloucester.
Scotland's Martin Laird qualified for this month's Open Championship by finishing tied for third at the Quicken Loans National in Maryland.
In the heart of Europe in 2015, the killing of cartoonists and journalists for allegedly insulting God still comes as a shock, despite the rising number of such attacks in recent years.
Leyton Orient boss Danny Webb wants his squad to remain focused in their League Two relegation battle after recording their first win of 2017.
League Two Port Vale have signed Leeds United left-back Tyler Denton on a season-long loan deal.
Microsoft has revealed for the first time how many requests it has had from members of the public wanting online content about them to be removed.
What do you do when you are building the highest bridge in the UK but the tower you are working on gets so tall it would take you ages to get to the toilets at the bottom?
Northern Ireland are preparing for their first ever European Championship finals, where they will face Poland, Ukraine and world champions Germany in Group C.
Indian messenger app Hike has won fresh money from investors and a key partner from China.
On a bright day in October, a Rabbi met a Northern Ireland historian and two West Belfast councillors.
The main complaint about Wednesday's Budget is not so much its contents, it's that it's effectively the fourth in 12 months.
Teachers in Powys are set to go on strike on Thursday in protest over "excessive workload and cuts".
Tiny drones, pink drones, selfie-taking drones, military drones, drones that fly themselves - the drone zone at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas is positively buzzing - in every sense of the word.
A student knitted almost 4,000 ft (1.2km) of waste material using her arms as needles for an art project.
Smartphone users in the UK can only access 4G's data service about half of the time on average, according to a new report by OpenSignal and consumer watchdog Which.
Ulster Bank has appointed Richard Donnan as its new boss in Northern Ireland.
A stand-alone public vote on same-sex marriage would cost Australia $A525m (Â£275.5m; $396m), a new report says.
Macklemore and his fiancee Tricia Davis are expecting their first baby together.
A two-minute silence has been held to mark Remembrance Sunday.
A controversial bill to legalise same-sex marriage has been introduced to the Australian parliament.
Reflecting on a dramatic 10 days in and around the London Stadium, Aberdeen's Zoey Clark claimed she's in shock at what she's achieved.
The UK's next top police officer will be chosen on Wednesday.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he will honour his current contract after returning from his second stint in charge of the British and Irish Lions.
A teenage girl was raped in a garage by a transgender woman when she was still living as a man, a court has heard.
A computer-generated image of a girl who was found dead has been shared millions of times online as US police search for clues about how she died.
Four people died when their quad bike was hit by a car at 140mph as vehicles raced in scenes likened to the film The Fast And The Furious, a jury has heard.
Manager Antonio Conte says his Chelsea players are worthy of winning the Premier League title.
A seal sanctuary in Cornwall has seen a huge rise in the number of injured pups in the wake of Storm Gertrude.
Here is the full list of winners for the 2015 Bafta Film Awards, held at a ceremony in London.
Actor Sylvester Stallone has said he is "flattered" by reports that Donald Trump may offer him an arts post - but would prefer a role helping veterans.
New Bombardier president Fred Cromer says the planemaker is still set to meet sales targets for its key C-Series aircraft, despite so far failing to announce orders at the Paris Air Show.
If you were to survey followers of Spanish football on their player of the season so far, there is a good chance they would vote overwhelmingly in favour of one name.
A fresh effort to find a vaccine for HIV is beginning at laboratories in a London hospital and two centres in Africa.
The way a road safety scheme was run by Monmouthshire council put children at risk, a report has found.
Struggling Championship One team Annagh United caused a major shock by beating Premiership side Glentoran 3-2 in Tuesday's League Cup second round tie.
Top government officials and political parties in Iraq's autonomous Kurdistan Region have agreed to hold a referendum on independence on 25 September.
Funding for S4C will remain at its current level of £74.5m a year until the end of the current licence fee agreement in 2022.
TV presenter Maggie Philbin has been appointed OBE in the New Year Honours list.
The scandal involving Volkswagen cheating car pollution rules in the US has thrown a spotlight on emissions testing - particularly in Europe.
Cycling's golden couple, Laura Trott and Jason Kenny, have got married in a private ceremony in Cheshire.
A big update for Microsoft's Xbox One is due to start downloading to consoles around the world on Thursday.
Saudi Arabia's new leader, King Salman, has announced a raft of changes to the royal line of succession.
The banks and financial regulators should do more to tackle the vicious cycle of debt and overcharging, says a Lords committee.
Actress Imelda Staunton has been honoured at an award ceremony for the best theatre created outside London.
Residents of a Suffolk village are considering a fight to become part of neighbouring Essex in their battle to prevent 144 homes being built.
Kevin Pietersen's England career is over after he was told he is no longer part of the national team's plans.
A non-league football club has been left red faced after an April Fools' Day joke about playing Real Madrid went wrong.
A man has been stabbed in the back during a house party in Ballymena, County Antrim.
There has been a squirrel pox virus outbreak among red squirrels at Tollymore Forest Park in County Down.
Donald Trump is facing a series of allegations of inappropriate sexual contact, after US media reported claims from several women.
Detectives are still gathering evidence into the death of a convicted criminal once branded "Mr Big", a pre-inquest hearing has heard.
Town hall bosses want urgent talks with the government on how they can rapidly build homes where they are needed.
Drivers have been warned to take care as smoke from a 2,000-tonne rubbish fire near Llandow in the Vale of Glamorgan is being blown over roads.
Top seed Rafael Nadal overcame stubborn resistance from Argentina's Leonardo Mayer to reach the fourth round at the US Open in New York.
Actor Mark Rylance has made his Broadway Shakespeare debut - but was upstaged by his own dog's performance.
Bus drivers say they were told by text message their company was closing and they would lose their jobs.
A 53-year-old man has been jailed for attacking his partner with a hammer in the presence of her three-year old grandson.
Gloucestershire off-spinner Jack Taylor has signed an extended contract with the County Championship Division Two side until the end of the 2019 season.
Jason Cummings' brace against St Mirren helped Hibernian continue their perfect start to the Championship season.
A new ferry built to serve on the Ullapool to Stornoway route has berthed for the first time at Stornoway harbour.
Statistics showing the length of time patients have to spend in accident and emergency have been described as taking the temperature of the entire NHS system.
Governors at one of the Birmingham schools at the centre of the "Trojan Horse" inquiry have said they were not given enough time to make improvements before a visit by Ofsted.
Conor McLaughlin's late header rescued a valuable point for relegation-threatened Fleetwood at Southend.
Three years ago thousands of Tunisians protested on the streets, demanding, among other things, more economic opportunity.
Outgoing UK Athletics chief Ed Warner has backed plans to erase world records set before 2005, adding that athletes affected understand "the greater good".
In-form Shay McCartan rescued a point for Accrington with a late free-kick in the draw with fellow mid-table side Grimsby.
Many famous artists have captured Gwynedd's stunning scenery and now the local authority is looking for the next generation of talent.
Reviews are in for the new Spider-Man film, and they're mostly positive.
Singapore has reported finding low levels of radioactivity in four vegetable samples imported from Japan.
Warrington kept alive their hopes of a place in Super League's top eight with victory at rivals Wigan Warriors.
Campaigners have accused a health board of risking patient safety and failing to learn lessons from a mental health ward scandal.
Seventy years ago one of the most unlikely battles of World War Two took place, at Itter in the Austrian Alps.
The husbands of three sisters feared to have travelled to Syria with their nine children are said to be "distraught" after the group went missing following a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia.
Manager Jose Mourinho believes he will be given time to turn around Chelsea's fortunes after Liverpool fought back from a goal down to inflict a sixth Premier League defeat this season.
Questioning of four suspects in the Madeleine McCann investigation has concluded without any new developments, a source has told the BBC.
When Maria Dementieva, a 56-year-old doctor in Moscow, dials her husband's mobile phone number, she hears music instead of a normal ringtone.
A man has been charged after an attempted carjacking at a supermarket car park in Manchester.
Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga has filed a Supreme Court appeal against Uhuru Kenyatta's narrow victory in the presidential election's first round.
Hull KR hooker John Boudebza has been banned for four matches for the tackle that ended Castleford captain Michael Shenton's season.
An inquest has been opened into the death of a shopkeeper in Rhyl, Denbighshire.
Donations to US family planning organisation Planned Parenthood in the name of Vice President-elect Mike Pence have surged.
The regulation of wills should be reformed to prevent people being ripped off, the Legal Ombudsman has warned.
Restaurateurs Henry Dimbleby and John Vincent have been made MBEs in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for their work in improving school lunches.
An electrical fault in an appliance parked at a "state-of-the-art" Norfolk fire station caused a disastrous blaze in April last year, a report has said.
Two men are to face trial accused of attempting to murder two police officers by driving a car at them.
The Portuguese president has said that he will send this year's controversial budget to the Constitutional Court.
The WI's Calendar Girls have met the Duchess of Cornwall as she hosted a garden party to celebrate the institution's centenary year.
A white gunman shot dead nine people in an African-American church in the city of Charleston on 17 June, police say, two months after an unarmed black man was killed by a white police officer in North Charleston.
Lana Del Rey has been denied her third consecutive number one on the UK album chart by Pink Floyd star David Gilmour.
Former Reading midfielder Jobi McAnuff has joined League One side Leyton Orient on a two-year contract.
The detective leading an inquiry into the brutal murder of a Lincolnshire man has said he remains determined to bring those responsible to justice.
In the pressure cooker heat of Estadio Castelao, one man kept his cool.
On 18 November 2016 at 13:31 local time, the sun set forever on America's northernmost city of Barrow, Alaska.
Sheffield City Region has announced £4.5m to help hundreds of steelworkers facing redundancy in South Yorkshire.
Nigel Farage is back as UKIP's leader after Diane James unexpectedly quit the job after 18 days at the helm.
The news aggregator Feedly says it has come under a "distributed denial of service" attack from cyber criminals, which is preventing users from accessing its service.
An operation to remove a "massive fatberg" from a Belfast sewer has been ongoing for the last six Sundays and is expected to take several more.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man was shot dead.
The chief executive of Australia's Woolworths, Grant O'Brien, is stepping down after nearly four years at the supermarket chain.
New York's financial regulator has called on firms to submit proposals to set up "regulated" exchanges for digital currencies like Bitcoin.
Union leaders have held talks with MPs over a plan they claim could end the long-running row on Southern rail.
A memorial party for murdered teenager Jayden Parkinson is being held on what would have been her 19th birthday.
Germany's Angelique Kerber stunned world number one Serena Williams in three sets to win her first Grand Slam title at the Australian Open.
Wales lock Luke Charteris could be a doubt for the Six Nations match against France in Cardiff on 26 February.
Yorkshire seamer Ryan Sidebottom is not rethinking his plan to retire at the end of the season despite his strong start to the campaign.
A mystery man who was found dead on Saddleworth Moor had previously changed his name.
Ministers have said say they will not target other benefits to pay for abandoning cuts to disability payments.
The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) has said it hopes to start building a new Casement Park stadium next year and play matches at the ground by 2019.
Calls for the Scottish Parliament to be given full responsibility over Network Rail have been backed by a think tank.
The final of this year's Britain's Got Talent drew the lowest audience in the show's 10-year history, according to overnight figures.
A four-year-old boy has been killed in an accident at a family-owned brewery near Lisburn, County Antrim.
Marco Silva has resigned as Hull City manager after the club's relegation.
An ex-BBC radio presenter accused of child sex offences told police she had sexual contact with one of her accusers when "he was 17", a court heard.
Buy-to-let landlords face cuts in the amount of tax relief they can claim on mortgage interest payments, the government has said.
Gary Locke has been appointed manager of Cowdenbeath until the end of the season after the exit of Liam Fox.
A Brecon man who murdered a soldier in the town has been sentenced to life with a minimum of 16 years in prison.
National Grid has revealed plans to use 25 miles (40km) of pylons to connect to controversial planned wind farms in Powys.
Renowned saxophonist and rapper Soweto Kinch is to front a new-look jazz show on BBC Radio 3.
Charlton have appointed former Belgium international Bob Peeters as manager.
The A1 road in East Lothian has been closed in both directions following a collision.
The government must plan now to avoid a post-Brexit languages crisis, say a cross-party group of MPs and peers.
Visitors to Chester Zoo are getting their first glimpse of a rare baby giraffe born just before Christmas.
Plans to temporarily reduce the opening hours of a children's care unit in Pembrokeshire have been backed.
An exhibition celebrating the 135th anniversary of what is billed as the largest travelling funfair in Europe has opened in Newcastle.
Scotland's police watchdog is investigating officers' use of firearms during an operation outside a McDonald's restaurant in Arbroath.
Rory McIlroy has suggested that golf will not be one of the sports that "matter" at next month's Rio Olympics.
A £35m painting by Rembrandt, which has been in Wales for 150 years, will stay in Britain for the time being after an overseas buyer withdrew an application for an export licence.
Shares in Twitter dropped to their lowest levels since the company's stock market flotation, as it reported slower than expected user growth.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton insists he has the experience to deal with the pressure of facing Celtic in next month's Scottish Cup semi-final.
For many years, it was believed Kim Jong-nam was being groomed to succeed his father Kim Jong-il as the next leader of North Korea.
A grammar school teacher has been banned from working in schools after he went out with a 15-year-old girl he met on a dating website.
The death of a 15-year-old boy found stabbed in the chest is being treated as murder, police have confirmed.
Dixons Carphone has reported a 21% jump in profits in its first annual results since the merger that created the mobile phone and electrical goods firm.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has ruled himself out of the running to replace Roy Hodgson as England manager.
Borussia Dortmund have re-signed forward Mario Gotze on a four-year deal, subject to a medical.
Online retailer Amazon has launched a service that stores free digital versions of CDs bought via its store.
A suicide bombing near the defence ministry in the Afghan capital of Kabul has killed at least 12 people, the government says.
A man has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a child was badly hurt in a crash.
Huddersfield opened their Super League campaign with a comfortable 28-16 victory at Widnes Vikings.
More than 50,000 children in Somalia "face death" because of the ongoing drought there, the UN says.
Morrisons says it plans to install hundreds of Amazon lockers in its supermarkets this year.
Bangladesh beat India by six wickets on the Duckworth-Lewis method to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in their one-day international series.
On 31 March 1995, at the age of 23, rising Latina superstar Selena Quintanilla-Perez was shot dead by the manager of her fan club at a motel in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Edinburgh lock Grant Gilchrist has been named captain of Scotland's 33-man squad for the autumn Tests against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga.
Samsung's voice-controlled digital assistant Bixby is being rolled out in 200 countries from today.
He is Georgia's richest man and his followers have just ousted President Mikheil Saakashvili's ruling party from power in a shock election result, so what else do we know of Bidzina Ivanishvili?
The NHS is to receive a net boost of £278m under the Welsh government's spending plans.
The owners of Blackpool FC have lost a multi-million pound court battle with a Latvian investor.
India opened the Women's World Twenty20 with a 72-run victory over Bangladesh.
Liverpool should re-sign Steven Gerrard as a player and coach as the "only effects would be positive", says the club's former defender Mark Lawrenson.
Rotherham United have appointed their former player Richie Barker as assistant to manager Paul Warne.
Ukraine has signed a major shale gas deal with Royal Dutch Shell - a move seen as an attempt by Kiev to reduce its dependency on Russian gas imports.
Some of you will have seen the news that a three-bloc trade deal is being signed between 26 African states in Egypt today.
Hibernian boss Neil Lennon insists there is no "bung culture" in Scottish football but says he was aware of a problem during his time in England.
A social worker made more than 250 alterations to the accounts of children making sexual abuse allegations against 10 people, a court has heard.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has told forward Anthony Martial he needs to be more consistent.
The ex-boss of Thomas Cook is to donate part of her share payout to a charity chosen by the parents of two children who died on holiday in Corfu.
Derby head coach Steve McClaren is to hold talks with chief executive Sam Rush on Thursday amid speculation he may be sacked, BBC Derby Sport reports.
Two goals in four second-half minutes from midfielder Jota helped Brentford see off struggling London rivals QPR in an entertaining game at Griffin Park.
Great Britain are through to the Davis Cup quarter-finals, after a Canadian player accidentally hit the umpire with a tennis ball.
Promoted Bristol Rovers have offered new contracts to all but one of their senior professional players after their dramatic finish to the league season.
Teenagers in Rennes and other French cities have held rallies or blocked schools in a protest against both presidential candidates.
Assumptions about fitness in older people should not be used to decide whether patients have surgery, according to a report by the Royal College of Surgeons and Age UK.
An Israeli human rights group has published a video it says contradicts the account of an Israeli army officer who shot dead a Palestinian teenager.
Moving Charlie Gard to a hospice to die would be the best option for the terminally-ill baby, a court has heard.
A former senior tax official has expressed "surprise" that just one person has been prosecuted in the UK over alleged tax evasion by clients of HSBC's Swiss banking division.
Police and protesters have clashed in Chile's capital following a march to remember those who disappeared under military rule from 1973 to 1990.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique will stick by his anti-Real Madrid stance and continue playing for Spain despite being booed by supporters.
Three British soldiers have been killed and four injured by a renegade Afghan soldier in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence said.
More than 1,000 homes in south London have been evacuated after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found on a building site.
Sussex built a commanding first-innings lead over Derbyshire on day two at Hove as Ed Joyce and Luke Wells made tons.
The masked Islamic State militant known as "Jihadi John", who has been pictured in the videos of the beheadings of Western hostages, has been named.
Police have been granted another week to question a terror suspect arrested near the Houses of Parliament.
Two-time Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Kauto Star has been put down after suffering neck and pelvis injuries in a fall.
Britain's Geraint Thomas remains fifth in the Paris-Nice race despite crashing on stage four.
A New Jersey family will not move into their new million-dollar home after receiving threatening packages from a mysterious sender called "the Watcher".
Leinster prop Cian Healy is available for Saturday's game with Toulon after it was ruled he can play until his appeal against a two-game ban is heard.
Swansea City defender Neil Taylor says the club is under less pressure to sell players due to the money coming in from the new Premier League television deal.
David Gwinnutt: Before We Were Men runs at the National Portrait Gallery from 16 March-24 September 2017.
Birmingham City's on-loan Burnley striker Lukas Jutkiewicz is happy to make his move to St Andrew's more permanent after rediscovering his goal touch with the Championship club.
Forget Namibia, Antarctica or even England's Severn Estuary; is North Korea about to become one of the world's most unusual surf destinations?
A 12-year-old girl has been raped in a late night attack at a park, police have said.
Swindon Town chairman Lee Power is standing by his club's decision to charge fans for new tickets for a rearranged game against Bristol Rovers.
The rise of Islamic State (IS), the jihadist militant group that has seized large parts of Syria and Iraq, has sent shockwaves around the world.
The far-right Jobbik party in Hungary has made gains in local elections won convincingly by Prime Minister Viktor Orban's ruling nationalist Fidesz.
Boxer Tyson Fury has revealed that he has ambitions to be the next MP for Morecambe and Lunesdale.
New Zealand won the World Rugby U20 Championship for the fifth time after beating England 21-16 in Italy.
One in eight people work in farming and it is a bigger industry than the car and aerospace industry combined, Andrea Leadsom tells the Conservative Party Conference.
Late-night loud booms in parts of the Cotswolds which sparked complaints on social media were apparently down to "a high level and very rare police and emergency services exercise".
WBA heavyweight champion Lucas Browne says he is "shocked and devastated" after failing a drugs test.
Passengers who suffer cancellations caused by "technical issues" with two new hovercraft are to be offered compensation.
Kieran Tierney is prepared to continue as Scotland's auxiliary right-back after coming through a high-stakes experiment with flying colours.
Welsh cyclist Ciara Horne is giving up the chance to ride professionally on the Women's World Tour next year in a bid to win an Olympic title.
A managing director of a Borders clothing firm has been jailed for 21 months after stealing goods worth nearly £195,000 from the business.
Thousands of lone migrant children are living in squalid conditions after being let down by European countries including the UK, a report has warned.
Middlesbrough defender George Friend will be out for approximately four weeks after fracturing a shoulder.
The government has unveiled proposals to encourage people to cycle and walk more in England.
Graham Dawe says he has "no emotion" ahead of his Cornwall side's County Championship game at Devon, who he previously played for and coached.
An MP from Cornwall is calling for an investigation into the impact of increasing VAT to 20%.
A man who survived a crash that killed his two friends on a remote Australian highway died hours later from injuries unrelated to the accident, police said.
Police are attempting to trace a man who robbed a William Hill bookmakers in North Lanarkshire after threatening a member of staff with a weapon.
Australia and New Zealand will play their Anzac Test fixture at Suncorp Stadium on Sunday, after a waterlogged pitch forced a postponement on Friday.
Two teachers who worked at the school at the centre of the "Trojan Horse" scandal have been banned from the classroom for life.
Arthur Woodburn rose from being a despised World War One conscientious objector to become Secretary of State for Scotland.
As the prime minister sets out plans for a new wave of grammars and selective schools, we ask how they might look.
Disruption caused by burst water pipes in Belfast city centre has ended.
Labour is pledging not to raise income tax for those earning less than £80,000 a year as part of a "personal tax guarantee" for 95% of taxpayers.
Stoke City forward Bojan Krkic has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club.
Cuts in forensic science spending risk serious mistakes being made in criminal cases, two North West MPs have warned.
Former NFL footballer Aaron Hernandez has been found dead in his cell in Massachusetts, officials say.
A sharp drop in calories burned off while resting during adolescence could be contributing to the rise in obesity.
A US fossils dealer has been jailed for three months for smuggling dinosaur bones including those of a 70-million-year-old Tyrannosaurus bataar from Mongolia.
Brazil football legend Pele will not light the Olympic cauldron at Friday's opening ceremony in Rio.
Rob Kearney could be ruled out of the remainder of Ireland's Six Nations campaign with an arm injury.
Four out of five UK businesses have seen costs rise because of changes in employment legislation, the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) reports.
Some of Arsenal's recent Premier League title challenges have been damaged by their players being approached by other clubs, manager Arsene Wenger says.
The manager of Bombardier's Northern Ireland operation has said the Canadian bailout of the firm's CSeries project poses no threat to the Belfast plant.
Jenny's been to meet some school children in South Africa who live near to nature reserves with elephants in.
Premier League winners Leicester City suffered a 4-0 loss to French champions Paris St-Germain in the International Champions Cup in Los Angeles.
CCTV camera footage from Denbighshire towns will no longer be monitored by operators in a money-saving scheme.
A fraud trial has just concluded at the High Court in Glasgow after 20 months, raising questions about whether juries should be used in such complex cases.
Pope Francis sets out from Rome this weekend on his first visit to the Middle East as pontiff, specifically to the lands designated as "Holy" not only by the world's Christians, but also by members of the two other major monotheistic faiths.
Women's Rugby World Cup winners Sarah Hunter and Rochelle Clark are among the sports stars recognised in the Queen's New Year's Honours.
Four SNP MPs have said they are hoping to be the party's next leader at Westminster.
Welsh university tuition fees will be pegged at £9,000 next year despite colleges in England being given the go-ahead to charge up to £9,250.
A video has been posted online showing British man Abdul Waheed Majid, who is thought to have carried out a suicide bombing in Syria, the BBC's security correspondent Frank Gardner has said.
London 2012 gold medallist Katie Taylor will defend her lightweight title in Rio after securing an Olympic Games berth at the World Championships.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is set to reject an offer to join Arsenal and stay with the Premier League champions.
Northern Ireland continues to have the highest rate of suicide in the UK, per head of population, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Midfielder Joe Allen is showing the form that earned him a move to Liverpool, says former Swansea City team-mate Neil Taylor.
Two planes carrying much-needed relief supplies have arrived in the Yemeni capital Sanaa.
Profits at telecoms group BT have fallen after it took a £225m charge related to its Italian accounting scandal.
A 10-year-old boy found hanged in his bedroom "did not understand the risks of putting a scarf around his neck", a coroner has said.
With the assembly election now upon us, BBC News NI 's multi-platform coverage will be bringing you all the results as soon as they come in.
A Nepali soldier has won the world's highest marathon on Mount Everest.
It is not quite the pledge he made in his manifesto, but is David Cameron's compromise on paying child benefit to EU migrants workable?
A silent film made 87 years ago about Scottish herring fishermen is shown at venues across Scotland accompanied by performances by a beatboxer.
The first tournament staged by the new World Disability Billiards and Snooker (WDBS) body will take place in Gloucester in November.
Chelsea Football Club have been given permission by the local council to build a new £500m 60,000-seat stadium.
A major search is under way for a man believed to have fallen from cliffs at Arbroath in Angus.
Martin's behind the scenes at CBBC's Summer Social and caught up with author Cressida Cowell.
There's bound to be at least one television programme you're looking forward to watching this Christmas.
An ethics watchdog want to know what the public thinks about MPs having second jobs.
The really important stuff on economic and fiscal devolution to Scotland is yet to be decided.
UK steel manufacturers will urge the government to take steps to protect the industry in the face of what they describe as a "perfect storm".
Around one in three of the fast food outlets trading under the names of Dixy Chicken and Chicken Cottage failed to meet satisfactory levels for food hygiene when they were last inspected.
The Scottish and UK governments have reached a financial deal enabling new powers for Holyrood.
Four men and a woman have been charged over allegations of human trafficking involving a woman almost tricked into an abortion after a sham marriage.
Glasgow-based venture capital firm Scottish Equity Partners (SEP) has raised £260m for a new fund that will focus on high-growth technology companies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Nothing will ever top Brighton and Hove Albion's promotion to the Premier League, the club's former defender Adam Virgo has said.
A television sports presenter who contracted malaria in Rio following a 3,000-mile charity cycle ride has been brought out of her medically induced coma, her manager has said.
Sir Philip Green, the former BHS boss, says the head of the Pensions Regulator gave MPs "incorrect" evidence.
West Ham winger Victor Moses has reiterated his commitment to Nigeria after he was accused by fans and local media in Nigeria of putting club before country.
Brazil's tourism board has asked world football governing body Fifa and hotel operators to try to bring down hotel prices â€“ which have reportedly sky-rocketed for the World Cup period.
The attack on a church near Rouen in northern France comes just 12 days after a lorry attack on people celebrating Bastille Day in Nice.
The leader of England's biggest union has warned that a strike by bus drivers in Oxford over pay could spread.
Writer David Nobbs, best known for creating the television character Reginald Perrin, has died, the British Humanist Association has said.
A warning has been issued after a stretch of the Swansea Bay promenade was showered with drawing pins.
A monthly record of 218,394 migrants and refugees reached Europe by sea in October, the UN says, almost as many as the total number of arrivals in 2014.
It was a case of not being able to see the wood for the cars at one of Northern Ireland's top tourist attractions over the Easter weekend.
A leading security company says it has discovered 22,000 hackable internet-connected baby monitors and other types of webcam in Barcelona.
A campaign has begun to fight a proposal to remove land from the green belt in Surrey to build housing.
Pakistan batsman Nasir Jamshed was one of two men arrested by the National Crime Agency in Britain on Monday as part of an investigation into cricket corruption, the BBC understands.
A rocket operated by the aerospace company SpaceX has exploded on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral where it was being test-fired ahead of a launch.
Coach Simon Amor says getting hold of 15-a-side players and integrating them in time for Rio has already put Great Britain's sevens team at a disadvantage ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Paddy McLaughlin's late penalty salvaged a point for Gateshead as they drew at home with Braintree in the National League.
A group is calling on former members to contribute poems for a new book.
London Midland has had its franchise extended by six months, the train company has announced.
Google has announced plans to ban ads from so-called payday lenders, in a move the company hopes will limit what it calls a "harmful" industry.
Nobel-winning psychologist Daniel Kahneman famously pioneered the idea that people tend to fear loss twice as much as they prefer gains.
A vicar who made a YouTube video to tell her congregation she was HIV positive says she has been "humbled" by their reaction.
Three men have been arrested following a BBC Panorama investigation into abuse at a young offenders centre in Kent.
A female osprey has returned to a Lake District nest for the fifth year running.
A roof-top car park has lain unused for five years because it can only be accessed on foot, it has been revealed.
Police in Dundee are investigating whether a major fire at a Dundee toy shop was started deliberately.
A carer who said she suffocated her father with a plastic bag because of his "intolerable" multiple sclerosis has been found guilty of murder.
French side Racing 92 say former All Blacks Dan Carter and Joe Rokocoko did not have therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs) for "anomalous" drugs tests but insist the players have not done wrong.
New MPs should take part in mock debates to build up confidence before entering the Commons bear pit, a committee of senior MPs has said.
A fresh wave of industrial action will be held in jails in England and Wales in a dispute over pay and pensions, the prison officers' union has said.
Five men jailed for a gangland murder have been cleared on appeal.
A teenager who was paralysed after falling off a horse is suing her ex-boyfriend's mother for £3m.
Britain's Andy Murray says he needs to remain focused as he prepares to take on Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the men's quarter-finals at Wimbledon.
Warrenpoint Town's Barry Gray has been named manager of the month for January - even though his team are rooted to the bottom of the Premiership table.
Grey speed cameras will be turned yellow in a bid to make them more visible and reduce incidents of sudden braking, the government has announced.
Colum Eastwood is the new leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP).
Leon Britton says Swansea City must invest in their playing squad if his fellow midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson leaves the club.
The Ferguson Marine shipyard in Port Glasgow has been named as the preferred bidder for a £97m contract to build two ferries to operate in Scotland.
Following the tragedy at Grenfell Tower there have been calls for both an inquest and a public inquiry.
A teenage boy is in a serious condition after he was allegedly struck by two cars then chased and assaulted.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman's main parachute failed to open in a 4000ft (1,219m) jump.
A Coventry-based black taxi manufacturer is to sell 400 cabs to Saudi Arabia.
The health of children in Scotland is among the worst in Europe, according to a major new study.
The leader of the House of Commons has rejected calls from MPs to overturn a ban on speaking Welsh at Westminster.
The Confederation of Africa Football has warned Cosafa over a planned meeting with other member associations which it says is "an attempt to destabilise" the governing body.
A third of hospital trusts in England have increased their car parking charges in the last year, it is being reported.
Parts of London have higher rates of tuberculosis than Rwanda or Iraq, a report from the London Assembly says.
Midfielder Stuart Armstrong and winger Gary Mackay-Steven have joined Celtic from Dundee United after the clubs agreed deals on transfer deadline day.
Police are asking for new information about the murder of a man who was "brutally attacked" following a row during a football match in a Bradford park.
The US is investigating whether the attack in Libya that killed the US ambassador and several other people was planned in advance, officials say.
Tony Blair has said he is as motivated by "making a difference" as he was when he became Labour leader 20 years ago.
After 146 years, America's most celebrated circus Ringling Bros and Barnum & Bailey Circus has staged its final performance in New York.
Influential folk guitarist John Renbourn has died aged 70.
Strictly Come Dancing is an "admirable" example of where the BBC took a risk on a show that was not guaranteed to be a hit, the culture secretary has said.
For nearly 75 years BBC staff at a sprawling stately home on the outskirts of Reading have been listening in to some of the world's most seismic events, from Nazi Germany's occupation of Europe to the death of Stalin and the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Here's what might have happened if you were a player who wanted out of Chelsea Football Club in the 1980s:
Scott Hogan's goal for Brentford was the difference in their match against Nottingham Forest.
A couple who lost their newborn baby have raised more than £12,000 towards buying an area of woodland in his name.
Yeovil Town's players and staff have agreed to refund the 258 fans who travelled to their 8-2 opening day defeat at Luton Town.
David Cameron has insisted the Conservatives can win the next general election despite being pushed into third place in the European elections.
Pakistan's interior minister has said a 15-year-old schoolgirl activist who was shot in the country by the Taliban is a "symbol of courage and determination" against "extremist ideology".
India has said that planned talks with Pakistan would go ahead only if Islamabad took action against militants that Delhi said were behind the deadly assault on the Pathankot air base.
Emmanuel Macron has gone from political newcomer to French president in just a few years He has promised a new approach to politics but what exactly will his government look like?
Stuart Beavon's first-half strike moved Burton to the top of League One with their first ever win at Swindon.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Liam Trotter has apologised for making an offensive gesture with David Wheater in a pre-match live club broadcast.
One of Australia's biggest lenders, ANZ, has beaten expectations and posted a half-year cash profit of 3.7bn Australian dollars ($2.9bn;£1.91bn) in the six months ending in March.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after hitting a sheep in Carmarthenshire.
At least 15,000 people have marched in protest against proposals to close services at a hospital in south London.
A man has been charged with raping and threatening to kill a woman in Guildford.
Perhaps the most sobering thing about the pictures of Syrian refugees arriving in Europe is the fact they are just the tip of the iceberg.
Murshidabad in rural West Bengal is in many ways a typical rural Indian district: a dusty, remote place dotted with villages that have little access to healthcare or infrastructure.
People with heart problems in the West Country could be at risk because of longer waiting times, the BBC understands.
Newport County caretaker manager Mike Flynn has revealed how Thierry Henry has lent his support to the Exiles' bid for League Two survival.
"We're in a village and our village policeman has been murdered."
The former Bishop of Liverpool has been made a Knight Commander for his services to the Hillsborough Inquiry.
The Health and Social Care Board (HSCB) has written to GPs advising what action they should take if any of their patients experience problems after vaginal mesh surgery.
The German government has ordered the expulsion of a CIA official in Berlin in response to two cases of alleged spying by the US.
A house in north Belfast has been gutted in an arson attack.
A pharmaceutical company in Flintshire is to close following with the loss of 66 jobs.
The former editor and legal manager of defunct newspaper the News of the World (NotW) have been found in contempt of Parliament over evidence they gave to MPs about phone hacking.
The World Health Organization says air pollution in many of the world's cities is breaching its guidelines.
Derry City Football Club has held what it describes as "a public act of defiance" to show disapproval at attacks on visiting fans this season.
David Cameron said in a speech last November that he wanted to see an ethnic minority prime minister to prove "Britons of all backgrounds can achieve".
Ireland remain in control against Hong Kong in the Intercontinental Cup game but they were frustrated by rain and bad light at Stormont on Thursday.
A New Zealand man serving a two-year sentence for insulting Buddhism is among more than 100 prisoners to be released from jail in Myanmar.
Primark has recalled thousands of men's flip-flops over fears they may contain dangerous levels of a cancer-causing chemical.
One of the biggest unions at Tata says politicians should not interfere in the workers' ballot over whether to accept a less generous pension scheme.
The government will not hold an inquiry into regeneration plans for Lime Street, Liverpool City Council said.
A nanny accused of leaving a 10-month-old boy fatally injured in a fit of anger has denied to a court that she lost her temper with him.
More than 63,000 people have signed a petition against what they say is the privatisation of cancer care in Staffordshire.
Wigan hooker Michael McIlorum is facing a six-month lay-off after sustaining a suspected broken ankle in Saturday's World Club Series defeat by Brisbane.
A woman died when she was struck by a taxi in Portsmouth.
Scientists in China have described a new species of early bird, from two fossils with intact plumage dating to 130 million years ago.
Actor Alec Baldwin's impression on Saturday Night Live of Donald Trump tricked a national newspaper into thinking he was the real thing.
Middlesex wicketkeeper-batsman Stephen Eskinazi has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Mae ymgyrchwyr iaith wedi beirniadu Ofcom am roi trwydded i sianel deledu yng ngogledd Cymru er mai dim ond hanner awr o gynnwys Cymraeg sydd yn cael ei ddarlledu ganddyn nhw bob wythnos.
Scotland's government and health boards have failed to plan effectively for long-term staffing challenges, Audit Scotland has said.
A former MSP has been jailed for 12 months after being convicted of a series of domestic abuse offences.
A major global commercial fair - Milan Expo 2015 - has opened in northern Italy with food as the theme.
Teenager John was doing his homework when a bug fell onto his school book.
Large ocean waves can travel through sea ice for hundreds of kilometres before their oscillations are finally dampened, scientists have shown.
The head of Planned Parenthood has defended her organisation before Congress, calling a series of secretly recorded videos a "smear campaign".
Baby boxes containing essential items such as clothes, books and blankets are to be delivered to new mothers across Scotland for the first time.
Morecambe are "staggered" by the actions of Brazilian businessman Diego Lemos since he took over the League Two club, says chairman Peter McGuigan.
Lulu, Deacon Blue and KT Tunstall have joined the line-up of artists taking part in BBC Music at the Quay.
A 70-year-old man has died in an apparent hit-and-run in north London.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder over a "horrific" attack on a woman in a park.
More and more high-profile celebrities have been speaking out in support of who they think should become the next president of the United States.
Crucial talks lie ahead to weigh up how the Welsh budget is fairly funded between Whitehall cash and devolved taxes, the finance minister has said.
Hundreds of people have gathered to mark the centenary of the largest naval battle of World War One in Rosyth and South Queensferry.
How many people does it take to make a triathlete?
Rail passengers in parts of southern England and Wales are facing further travel problems after stormy weather caused "major disruption" on Friday.
Volkswagen's failure to compensate UK owners of cars affected by the emissions scandal is "deeply unfair", MPs have said.
Labour has set out a series of measures it claims will "stop the super-rich hiding their wealth" in tax havens.
Sutton United clinched promotion to the National League as they secured the National League South title with a 2-0 home win over Chelmsford City.
Grime artist Skepta has won this year's Hyundai Mercury Prize for his debut album Konnichiwa.
A senior Indian politician charged with corruption has turned down an honorary Olympic role amid a storm of protests.
Russia's competition watchdog has found that Apple fixed the prices of certain iPhone models sold in the country.
Mae sipsiwn a theithwyr yn wynebu rhwystrau wrth geisio derbyn gofal iechyd yng Nghymru o achos anffafriaeth, medd arolwg newydd.
A 24-year-old man has been flown to hospital after falling 30ft (9m) down a cliff onto rocks near Aberystwyth.
Bath head coach Mike Ford has signed a new four-year contract with the Premiership club.
Fleetwood highlighted their credentials as automatic-promotion candidates in League One by beating table-toppers Sheffield United.
Around half of 15 to 17-year-olds have accessed pornography on a smartphone or tablet, according to a survey seen by Newsbeat.
Novak Djokovic brushed aside Tomas Berdych to reach the last four at the ATP World Tour Finals and secure the year-end number one ranking.
South Korea's spy agency has admitted it tried to manipulate the result of the 2012 presidential election.
The family of missing toddler Ben Needham say they are "eternally grateful" for the volunteers who have been helping with the police search.
The US Department of Justice has moved to seize more than $1bn (£761m) from Malaysia's state fund 1MDB.
Two Welsh police forces are top of the long-term sick leave table of the 43 forces in England and Wales.
A police officer has published a damning resignation letter on social media criticising police for "putting their employees last".
A giant sinkhole has opened up a street in the New York neighbourhood of Brooklyn, in the United States.
Andy Murray is getting married later this year but his older brother said that, so far, he has not been asked to take on the role of best man.
Ben Proud says he is following the "trend" set by former world champion Mark Foster by spending more time in the gym ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Scotland could create its own digital currency to operate alongside sterling, economists have suggested.
Bright tights and Lycra tops are a hallmark of an industry worth $270bn (Â£220bn) worldwide.
A senior druid has lost his legal challenge with English Heritage over car parking charges at Stonehenge.
Lewis Hamilton says he will give the remaining four races "everything I've got" after a major blow to his title chances at the Japanese Grand Prix.
The next ice age may have been delayed by over 50,000 years because of the greenhouse gases put in the atmosphere by humans, scientists in Germany say.
Top seed and defending champion Angelique Kerber suffered a fourth-round exit from the Australian Open to world number 35 Coco Vandeweghe.
Police forces in England and Wales must record the stops they carry out on motorists, a review has said.
Pawel Wszolek's late winner saw Ian Holloway win back-to-back games for the first time since taking over at QPR.
Lincolnshire's health and care system could see a £300m overspend by 2021, according to a new report.
The first days in office are challenging for any new government and this will certainly be a busy week for UK Prime Minister David Cameron - who, amongst other things, says he has already rolled up his sleeves to change the UK's relationship with Europe.
Serving English wine at UK diplomatic functions could help "oil the wheels of Brexit negotiations", an MP has said.
Scotland's business minister has blamed "continuing austerity" for a sharp rise in personal insolvencies.
A grouping of Gulf states has presented Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh with a new proposal in an attempt to end the country's political crisis.
An "appalling" looking belt used to restrain a man who died after having a cardiac arrest in a police cell was "not ideal", a court has heard.
Hundreds of thousands have massed for a "Women's March on Washington", part of a global day of protests against new US President Donald Trump.
Four members of the same family who were killed in a plane crash in Somerset on Saturday have been named.
A security alert in Londonderry has ended after police declared a suspicious object to be a hoax.
Fifteen residents, including a baby, were evacuated from their homes after a fire broke out in a nearby garage in Dorset.
US rock musician Alice Cooper has found a classic Andy Warhol artwork rolled up in storage after more than 40 years tucked away alongside tour equipment.
Pakistan's Javeria Khan has been released from hospital after being hit on the jaw during Wednesday's Women's World Twenty20 defeat by West Indies.
Tottenham have reached a deal to play their Champions League home games at Wembley next season.
A Glasgow taxi driver who fled abroad to avoid a rape charge has been found guilty of the sex attack.
A mental health trust that provides services for 1.2m people in the West Midlands has been told by a health watchdog it "requires improvement".
Novak Djokovic has apologised to a number of leading female players - and spoken with Andy Murray - following his comments about equal pay in tennis.
A group of MPs is calling for a ring-fenced fund to pay for drugs for rare conditions.
The Australian government says the last remaining asylum-seeking children being held in mainland detention centres have been freed.
The parents of a boy who killed himself after being arrested for drink-driving arrest are calling for 17-year-olds to be treated as children in custody.
Yorkshire clinched a second consecutive Championship title as a superb bowling display dismissed Middlesex for 106 on the first morning at Lord's.
The expansion of Scotland's private sector has slowed down while output growth has weakened, according to a report.
Bristol Rugby have signed Wasps' Samoa international centre Alapati Leiua in a deal to start from next season.
A printing factory fire in West Calder, which involved 70 firefighters and 12 appliances, has been extinguished.
There could be another writers strike in the US - putting dozens of your favourite TV shows at risk.
Aaron Hughes says he never expected to earn 100 caps for Northern Ireland and will feel 'a great sense of pride' if he reaches the milestone on Saturday.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has said a victory for his army in Aleppo would be a "huge step" towards ending the country's five-year civil war.
It is a crazy weekend for Welsh sport, in the best way, with both the national football and rugby teams facing huge games and it is amazing to be able to play a small part in proceedings.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali wants to open the batting in the upcoming Test series against Pakistan.
Leaving the European Union would threaten jobs and put the UK's economy at risk, leaders of some of Britain's biggest companies have said.
Britain's men won team sprint gold on the opening day of the season's second Track World Cup in the Netherlands.
It is a rainy December evening in London and Sotheby's is holding one of its last major auctions of 2015 - a sale of works by Old Masters from the Renaissance era and works by British artists such as John Constable and Joseph Wright of Derby.
Kyel Reid scored the only goal of the game as Bradford City moved to within a point of the play-off spots with victory over relegation-threatened Blackpool at Bloomfield Road.
UK engineering firm Rolls-Royce has faced a number of problems over the past two years, having found itself making five profit warnings as its stock price has taken a hammering.
Dundee Museum of Transport's fundraising campaign has received an £80,000 grant.
A major study of rugby union players points to a potential link between frequent concussion and brain function, the project's lead researcher said.
We all love dinosaurs and Prince George is no exception.
The government's controversial plan to extend the Right to Buy to Housing Association tenants has been sharply criticised by a group of MPs.
Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev has had a widely expected crushing election victory, with early results showing he has won 97.7% of the vote.
Soldiers from the Royal Regiment of Scotland have paraded down the Royal Mile in Edinburgh to mark the 10th anniversary of its creation.
Lily Collins says it was "painful" that her musician father Phil was absent from much of her childhood.
Feeling like a "doughnut" while she waited for the biggest day of her career to get going wasn't really in Claire Taylor's planning.
A child rapist jailed for grooming young girls for sex has had his "unduly lenient" sentence increased.
The mayor of Lens says he is apprehensive about the number of supporters expected to visit when Wales face England at Euro 2016 on 16 June.
A smart motorway scheme is to be built on the M23 in Surrey and West Sussex at a cost of up to £211m.
Investors in Tokyo are waiting in line to sell off more shares of Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
Europe's largest trainer festival, Crepe City, has been taking place in east London.
European press commentators have been taken aback at the UK High Court's ruling that Parliament must be consulted on Brexit, with many predicting further uncertainty for the UK and the rest of Europe as a result.
Victoria Pendleton won her first race as an amateur jockey on 5-4 favourite Pacha Du Polder at Wincanton.
Dame Katherine Grainger, the incoming chair of UK Sport, says she has "huge concerns about athlete welfare".
The US has issued a formal request to China to deliver an unmanned underwater drone that was seized in international waters, US officials say.
Releasing Chinese and air lanterns on council land and beaches in Ceredigion has been banned.
Two teenage girls accused of murdering a woman in Hartlepool have appeared at Teesside Crown Court.
A 61-year-old man was slashed in the face after being attacked from behind as he walked along a Glasgow street.
New Swansea boss Paul Clement will work alongside 'Moneyball' expert Dan Altman to target recruits in the January transfer window.
Tiger Woods has withdrawn from the US PGA, meaning he will miss all four majors in a calendar year for the first time since his Masters debut in 1995.
Over 6,000 people are struggling to pay council tax bills in Wales - double the number a year ago, says an advice body.
The former editor of Indonesian Playboy, Erwin Arnada, has been arrested on the island of Bali.
The government has announced that it will cover up to 75% of the cost of installing charging points for electric vehicles in garages and driveways.
School pupils received a personal message of thanks from England's football squad after they filmed an inspiring team talk ahead of Euro 2016.
The Duke of Cambridge has met US President Barack Obama at the White House as part of a three-day visit.
Downing Street is playing down security fears about plans to give China a stake in Britain's nuclear power industry.
Gareth Southgate will meet the Football Association hierarchy on Monday for what is effectively his interview for the England manager's job.
Two men have died after being thrown from their car when it rolled over on a dual carriageway in Birmingham.
Kate Winslet has landed her 11th Golden Globe nomination for the Danny Boyle film Steve Jobs.
Super League leaders Hull FC rest captain Gareth Ellis for the visit of Catalans Dragons.
Tonia Couch and Sarah Barrow won World Series silver while Rebecca Gallantree and Hannah Starling took bronze.
Police in Denmark are hunting for two thieves who stole a small bust by the French sculptor Auguste Rodin from a museum in Copenhagen in broad daylight.
A legal challenge over the election of Liberal Democrat Alistair Carmichael as Orkney and Shetland MP should be dismissed, his QC has claimed.
The only surviving police archives of the biggest World War II deportation of French Jews are being opened up to public view for the first time.
Iceland's European Championship last-16 win over England "shocked the world", according to defender Kari Arnason.
First Minister's questions has been upstaged by a group of guide dog puppies, who were visiting the Scottish Parliament.
A club formed by a 16-year-old after the 2011 London riots will compete in the FA Cup for the first time.
A policeman has told how he "barked" like a dog in order to fool a suspect and arrest him.
Child tracker firm uKnowKids has accused a security researcher of hacking its database after he told them it was publicly accessible online.
Thousands of sex offenders in England and Wales are set to be given the right to appeal against having to register with the police for life.
Shares on Wall Street closed lower on Tuesday, as retail stocks weighed on markets and political events expected this week kept traders cautious.
A Cumbrian man who is HIV positive has been jailed for infecting his former partner with the virus.
One of the most important sectors at the heart of the Brexit negotiations will be financial services.
A third police officer has been investigated over the death of ex-Aston Villa star Dalian Atkinson who was shot with a Taser, it has emerged.
A witness at the inquest into the missing schoolgirl Arlene Arkinson has reacted angrily to cross-examination by a barrister for the Arkinson family.
The Duchess of Cornwall found herself in a playful tug of war with a little girl determined to hang onto her bunch of flowers.
British poet and journalist James Fenton has won the Pen Pinter Prize, which celebrates champions of free speech.
England internationals George Ford and Semesa Rokoduguni were among the try-scorers as Bath thrashed local rivals Bristol to close in on qualification.
A Highlands bed and breakfast which was described as "heterosexual friendly" on its website has removed phrases after being threatened with legal action.
The loss of 1,000 jobs at Middlesbrough Council over the next three years is the "best case scenario", mayor Ray Mallon has said.
Tuesday night's Co Antrim Shield semi-final between Carrick Rangers and Linfield has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Cilla Black is to be buried in her home city of Liverpool next week.
Researchers have discovered the oldest known record of the population of St Kilda.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that risks to financial stability are growing.
RBS has announced that it is shutting 30 more Scottish branches.
A 5.6-magnitude earthquake has killed at least seven people in eastern Turkey, and trapped many more under collapsed buildings.
Business leaders and politicians asked former Foreign Secretary William Hague how the UK would "get round" the EU referendum result, he has revealed.
A newly promoted train station cat has become a media sensation after her career advancements were followed from around the globe.
The ease with which drivers can get out of an upturned car will be investigated before finalising the introduction of head protection next year.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) is to end surveillance on messages sent by US citizens that mention foreign intelligence targets.
Two men are being treated in hospital after lightning strikes in the Brecon Beacons which killed two other men on Sunday.
A charity has launched an appeal to help stop the supply of "dangerous drugs" in north Wales.
McLaren driver Fernando Alonso will miss the Monaco Grand Prix in May so he can race in the Indianapolis 500.
Chile international striker Alexis Sanchez has signed for Arsenal from Barcelona on a long-term contract for a fee in the region of £35m.
Victory against Scotland on Saturday was a world record-equalling 18th in a row for the current England team, who were already on a longer winning streak than Sir Clive Woodward's 2003 world champions - their best was 14.
Matteo Darmian added to Manchester United's full-back problems after dislocating his shoulder at Sunderland.
The first African woman to command a navy vessel has recently been appointed in South Africa.
Eurostar rail workers are to take seven days of strike action this month in a dispute over their work-life balance, the RMT union says.
The Women's Equality Party says it would invest in "social infrastructure" with free childcare and "fully equal" parental leave.
Belfast City Council has said it plans to install six more needle bins to allow injecting drug users to safely dispose of used syringes.
The giant panda is no longer an endangered species, following decades of work by conservationists to save it.
Author Iain Banks has revealed that he has late stage cancer and is unlikely to live for more than a year.
An indoor 'rainforest' under threat of closure in Swansea could be run as a trust, say campaigners.
The blockbuster production of Hamlet, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, is the most nominated play at the WhatsOnStage awards.
Boris Johnson is to begin a tour of the Middle East amid a row over comments he made about Saudi Arabia.
The Electoral Commission is intensifying efforts to encourage people in Scotland to register to vote in next month's referendum.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino says he is in a positive frame of mind despite being sent back to a conditioning camp in France.
A man who falsely claimed his son had died from cancer to scam would-be tenants out of thousands of pounds has been jailed for two years.
A man has been jailed for 17 years for raping and sexually abusing his three daughters, over an 18-year period.
The public inquiry into child sexual abuse will not ignore the damage done to prominent people who were falsely accused, Justice Lowell Goddard says.
A sunglasses brand founded by three friends in the Scottish Highlands and now based in Glasgow has secured investment from Sir Richard Branson.
Manchester City will freeze season-ticket prices next season, matching the commitment made by Manchester United, Arsenal and Chelsea.
Robert Kubica said he had "mixed feelings" about his performance after his first test in a Formula 1 car since injury curtailed his career in 2011.
A mother is to get compensation after her husband was killed and young son left paralysed in a car crash in which her brother-in-law was driving.
A man has pleaded guilty to supplying weapons for a foiled terror plot at an Anzac Day remembrance parade in Australia.
A "rare" short-eared owl found emaciated in Flintshire is now recuperating well, the RSPCA have said.
A hospital has planned for a possible lack of doctors as a result of tax changes, the BBC understands.
Birmingham City have signed promising teenage striker Jack Storer from League Two side Stevenage for an undisclosed five-figure fee.
The final residents' parking zone (RPZ) has been introduced in Bristol.
Tributes have been paid to the Orange Prize-winning writer Helen Dunmore, who has died of cancer at the age of 64.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe is not asleep when he closes his eyes for long periods during meetings but is resting his eyes, his spokesman says.
Newly established Canadian rugby league side Toronto Wolfpack have won their first-ever game, beating Siddal in the third round of the Challenge Cup.
London's main share index headed higher as the pound continued to slide on the foreign exchanges.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff says accusations that she tried to block a major corruption investigation into state-owned oil company Petrobras are "false and irresponsible".
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has urged Pakistan "to facilitate peace talks" between his country and the Taliban during a visit to Islamabad.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Police have said the death of a man found in a car parked in a lay-by on the A75 is being treated as "unexplained".
Former Hearts full-back Craig Thomson has returned to Scottish senior football for the first time since he was convicted of a sex offence.
Two people on board a hot-air balloon had a "lucky escape" when they crashed into an 11,000 volt power line.
Liberia's President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has suspended one of her sons from the post of central bank deputy governor for failing to declare his assets, her office has said.
A £500,000 bid for Truro to become European Capital of Culture has stalled amid claims it is a poorly-considered "vanity project".
World number one golfer Rory McIlroy has revealed that he may not play in the next Olympics.
Two women have been badly beaten during a hijacking in Londonderry.
Holyrood's environment committee has intervened in the growing row over the use of video evidence in trials involving wildlife crime.
Dutch scientists have used stem cells to create strips of muscle tissue with the aim of producing the first lab-grown hamburger later this year.
The most significant aspect of the US President, Barack Obama's upcoming summit with the Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is that Mr Obama will be the chief guest at India's Republic Day celebrations.
A man who attempted to murder his classmate at Blair Drummond Safari Park has been jailed for two years.
Campaigners have applied for a judicial review into the government's handling of the Southern rail crisis.
"Shocking" cases of patients not being treated with dignity in care have been uncovered by a health watchdog.
Scottish marathon runner Callum Hawkins has become the first athlete selected for the British team at the London 2017 IAAF World Championships.
Zika virus kills the type of tissue found in the developing brain, researchers have shown.
More than 500 children have been identified as potential victims of online sexual abuse during a major investigation by Police Scotland.
Sebastian Vettel lost third place in the Mexican Grand Prix after becoming the first driver to be punished under a new dangerous driving rule.
US comedian Stephen Colbert has said he has no regrets but that with hindsight he "would change a few words" in his viral monologue that attracted accusations of homophobia this week.
Three years ago, an 83-year-old man called the then Indian cricket captain "immoral".
The event unfolding in front of me should have been enough to send steam shooting out of the ears of any self-respecting UK Independence Party supporter.
A man and a teenager have appeared in court charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death.
The owner of a security firm hired by Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf business has been jailed for four years over a £400,000 VAT fraud.
Scientists have used the latest imaging techniques to look inside a python that had just swallowed a rat whole.
A dog that became a local celebrity has been wheeled off in a buggy by a mystery woman, sparking a hunt for the animal's return.
Warren Gatland says the "Gypsy boy" comment aimed at Samson Lee by Joe Marler was "banter" and insists Wales have no issue with the England prop.
Five people have been arrested after a 33-year-old man was shot in the Harehills area of Leeds.
A sex attacker who cut his own throat in the dock at Haverfordwest Magistrates' Court has been arrested.
The All Blacks don't lose very often, especially in New Zealand.
A bird that makes its home over 3,500 miles away in Siberia has made a rare visit to Carmarthenshire.
Native River enhanced his Cheltenham Gold Cup credentials with a comfortable win for trainer Colin Tizzard in the Denman Chase at Newbury.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has promised to "bury" the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group, whose local offshoot has clashed with government forces and Taliban fighters, in an exclusive interview.
A 58-year-old man is still being held by police over the Westminster attack, as two others are released without charge.
The company behind Scottish cashmere brand Johnstons of Elgin has reported a sharp rise in sales and profits.
The claim that the Kremlin sought to influence America's presidential election is only the latest chapter in a much longer story of mistrust between Russia and the West.
Full-back Lee Wallace has withdrawn from the Scotland squad to face Malta.
A nine-day-old baby has died in hospital after police were called to an address in Edinburgh.
A new ocean current energy system has been successfully deployed, according to the company behind it.
Police have released the name of a 65-year-old Chinese restaurant owner murdered in County Antrim.
A five-member team from Pakistan is in India to investigate a deadly militant attack on an air force base.
Newsround has made a special programme about autism.
Wall Street banking giant JP Morgan Chase reported higher profits in the three months to September but still missed analysts' expectations.
Peterborough United chairman Darragh MacAnthony has spoken about supporters who criticise his running of the club.
Couples struggling to have a baby should get fertility treatment more quickly and older women should gain access to IVF, new NHS guidelines say.
Plans to redevelop a former oil terminal in West Dunbartonshire could take a step forward this week.
The Red Arrows have headlined Scotland's National Airshow in East Lothian.
Everton have signed West Ham striker Enner Valencia on a season-long loan, with the option of a permanent £14.5m move next summer.
A man has been shot three times in the legs in west Belfast.
On 11 June, the government in Athens unexpectedly announced it was suspending the country's Radio and Television Company, abbreviated to ERT in Greek, as part of drastic budget cuts.
A decision to keep documents relating to a man who was at the centre of the Profumo sex scandal hidden should be overturned, a leading lawyer has said.
Barriers exist for black, Asian and minority ethnic people entering sports administration, says former Olympic and world 400m champion Christine Ohuruogu.
Brexit could leave the UK "less safe" unless security co-operation with the EU is maintained, peers have warned.
Keeley Hawes says she has previously stayed away from acting in dramas about missing children as they "felt too close to home".
Mel B will miss the X Factor final on Saturday night because she is too unwell.
One of the most senior al-Qaeda figures in Afghanistan was killed in a weekend air strike, Nato-led forces say.
British pentathletes claimed women's team gold as Kate French secured Olympic qualification on the final day of the European Championships in Bath.
Mae rheolau newydd yn dod i rym ddydd Llun i geisio galluogi pobl mewn oed i gadw mwy o'u harian pan yn byw mewn gofal preswyl.
At least seven people have been killed and thousands evacuated from coastal areas in two southern Indian states, as Cyclone Vardah lashed Chennai (Madras).
Cricket South Africa is planning to launch a new Twenty20 league to be played in late 2017.
A six-year-old girl's "catastrophic" head injuries could not have been caused by an accidental fall, as claimed by her father, a court heard.
Weightlifter Zoe Smith insists the "pain" of missing the Rio Olympics is providing her with 'huge motivation' to return to the sport.
British number one Johanna Konta was overpowered 6-4 6-2 by world number three Agnieszka Radwanska in the final of the China Open.
Passengers are facing disruption after Yorkgate station in Belfast was "extensively vandalised" overnight.
The current El Nino weather phenomenon could be one of the strongest on record, according to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO).
Low pay and workers' rights should be investigated by a Royal Commission looking at industrial relations, Plaid Cymru has said.
Gaining control of the online propaganda battle could be the most vital component in defeating Islamist militants, an expert has said.
Butterflies in the UK are facing "a vital" period following a worrying decline in their numbers, naturalist Sir David Attenborough has warned.
The US has blacklisted a Singapore-based shipping firm over allegations it is supporting illicit arms shipments to North Korea.
The makers of a 7in (17.8cm) Android tablet have been named "UK's Most Innovative Mobile Company".
Tory MSP Jackson Carlaw is to report two SNP MPs to a Westminster watchdog over allegations they claimed expenses for accommodation while carrying out extra-marital affairs.
A drive is under way to protect the future of Snowdon following a rise in visitors to the mountain.
Think of the remote Chilean outpost of Easter Island and you are likely to think of the giant stone statues that are dotted around the island and whose origins are shrouded in mystery.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he was surprised by the timing of prop Adam Jones' retirement from international rugby.
More than 1,500 people have signed a petition against Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs' "grossly inappropriate" plans to redevelop part of central Manchester.
Jamie Vardy scored his first goal of the season to help champions Leicester record their first win with victory over Swansea in very wet conditions.
When you think about super-strong robots, these little guys might not come to mind - but they are the Hulks of the robot world!
Laura Muir continued her recent record-breaking form by setting a European 3,000m indoor record in Karlsruhe.
Broadcaster Jeremy Vine is to be one of the new hosts of BBC One's Crimewatch.
Haggis imports have been outlawed in the US for more than 40 years.
A GP surgery in Wolverhampton has been put into special measures after being rated inadequate by a healthcare watchdog.
The European Space Agency's first British astronaut, Tim Peake, is completing the final preparations before his mission to space.
Senior officers and a solicitor who were involved in the South Yorkshire Police response to Hillsborough and the so-called Battle of Orgreave can be named for the first time.
The shortlist for the annual British LGBT Awards has been announced with the BBC nominated multiple times.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle duo James Vincent and Danny Williams have signed pre-contracts to join Premiership rivals Dundee next season.
A murder inquiry is under way after the body of a woman in her 30s was found at a house in an exclusive part of Surrey.
A coroner has called for paediatric first aid training for all nursery staff after a nine-month-old baby choked while eating her nursery lunch.
Wintry weather has caused hazardous driving conditions across parts of Scotland and has led to more than 100 school closures.
Public hearings at the Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry (HIA) come to an end on Friday after two and a half years.
A supermarket worker accused of trying to join a terrorist group watched Islamic State (IS) videos to learn more about propaganda, a court has heard.
The mother of a man who died from stab wounds after a brawl outside a pub in Greater Manchester has said "life will never be the same" without him.
Roger Federer is one win from a historic eighth Wimbledon title after beating Czech 11th seed Tomas Berdych in straight sets in the semi-final.
Jamie Murray and Martina Hingis beat British pair Ken Skupski and Jocelyn Rae to reach the Wimbledon mixed doubles semi-finals.
It's your classic storyline, a group of different birds hurling themselves towards different structures to take out some green piggies.
The jeers of the Scotland fans will still be ringing in Gordon Strachan's ears.
Labour would back a "sensible British compromise" over Brexit, John McDonnell has said, amid calls for the party to clarify its position.
British Airways should automatically compensate thousands of customers who were caught up in disruption last weekend, says consumer group Which?
The amount of litter on Welsh beaches has risen prompting calls for a deposit scheme to be introduced on bottles, cans and cartons.
The new air ambulance for Northern Ireland is to be based at the Maze Long Kesh site near Lisburn, County Antrim.
Four horses including joint favourite Wings of Desire have been added as late entries for the Derby at Epsom on Saturday.
The review into the response to the Manchester attack will "give voice" to the victims' families, its chair Lord Kerslake has said.
Crawley Town striker Matt Harrold will be out for three months after suffering an Achilles injury.
The effect of "vivid 3D vision" can be experienced with just one eye, a study has suggested.
Actor Nelsan Ellis's family has spoken about the actor's death on Saturday, in an effort to help other people who suffer from addiction.
Women's Super League One champions Manchester City will start their Spring Series campaign at home to 2016 runners-up Chelsea on Sunday, 23 April.
A school is to put all its teacher-training days together to give children an extra week off in term time to help parents get cheaper holiday deals.
Bhadra is an outlier in the Indian state of Rajasthan, better known for its forts and palaces and wide swathes of desert.
The village of Exeter lies 89 miles south-west of Sydney and according to the most recent census had 831 inhabitants.
England's Judd Trump lost five frames in a row as he was beaten by China's Liang Wenbo on a dramatic evening at the UK Championship.
NHS Cambridgeshire has said it is "very pleased" with the number of girls having the vaccination against human papilloma virus (HPV).
A former teacher has been arrested in connection with sexual and physical abuse allegations at a former residential school in Ayrshire.
Tom Johnstone's hat-trick helped Wakefield to a 32-18 win against Salford and gave them a third straight success under coach Chris Chester.
This will be a landmark year for Andy Murray - I have no hesitation in predicting that whatsoever.
Sunderland climbed to within a point of safety by beating relegation rivals Norwich at Carrow Road.
A joint funeral mass is being held in California for two of the six students killed in an apartment balcony collapse in Berkeley on Monday night.
A witness appeal has been launched after a 10-year-old boy was bitten by a police dog.
A group of parents whose children have special needs is threatening legal action against an academy school in Trafford after accusing it of "discrimination".
The taxi-hailing app Uber has expanded rapidly since its launch and gained popularity with users as fares are  generally cheaper than with traditional taxis.
Former Liverpool striker Iago Aspas scored twice as Celta Vigo beat La Liga rivals Deportivo La Coruna 4-1 in the Galician derby.
Emmanuel Macron has triggered a political earthquake in French politics.
Sebastian Vettel has signed a new contract to stay with Ferrari until the end of 2020.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of South African football captain Senzo Meyiwa in Durban.
People have attacked a tweet by a roads policing unit asking readers to identify the brand of a crashed car.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has set fire to 15 tonnes of elephant ivory as part of the East African nation's efforts to curb poaching.
Blackberry said it is "extremely disappointed" with Facebook's decision to discontinue support for its app.
A wealthy Russian businessman who died suddenly near his home in Surrey may have been poisoned, a pre-inquest hearing has been told.
Wales midfielder Jess Fishlock has taken over as Melbourne City coach for the final weeks of Australia's W-League season.
A fire appliance being sent to Paraguay by Scotland's biggest fire service charity will be officially named later.
Claims there are "too many" pubs and bars in central Cardiff have been defended by the city's council.
Port Vale have signed former Wigan Athletic and Newcastle United defender Ryan Taylor on a short-term deal, subject to league approval.
Rafael Benitez is staying as Newcastle United manager after signing a new three-year contract following their relegation from the Premier League.
Injured front row Henry Thomas has signed a new three-year contract with Premiership club Bath.
David Cameron has rejected claims he is a "closet Brexiteer," insisting he is  "passionate" about staying in the EU.
Police in Northern Ireland have been accused of blocking progress on inquests into controversial killings during the Troubles.
A specialist policing unit which investigates sexual offences on the Tube will not be disbanded  the British Transport Police (BTP) has confirmed.
The story could well be the plot of a Latin American soap opera - a Colombian one, to be more precise.
Deutsche Bank is paying $55m (£35.7m) to settle civil charges for allegedly mis-stating financial reports.
Rail disruption continues across south Wales following earlier cancellations between Cardiff to Newport after engineering works overran.
Matt Rhead's second-half brace ensured Lincoln started the National League season with a 3-1 victory over Woking at Kingfield.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has revealed he believed it was 1996 and had "no memory" of the previous week after suffering from concussion.
In a major policy turnaround, the Australian government has said it will significantly increase its refugee intake and its financial aid to the UN for people displaced by the conflicts in the Middle East.
The Queen's Club will increase its capacity by more than 2,000 seats for the 2017 Aegon Championships.
Four hundred games at one football club, spanning 12 and a half years.
Struggling Cheltenham produced a superb 3-2 win to stun League Two promotion-chasers Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
A "game-changing" drug which dramatically cuts the chances of being infected with HIV should not be provided by the NHS in Wales, a body has recommended.
A consultation has been launched on how controversial plans to appoint a "named person" for every child in Scotland will work in practice.
A man has been interviewed under caution by police investigating the sudden death of a baby.
Huddersfield have signed Derby winger Tom Ince for an undisclosed fee and Reading midfielder Danny Williams after his contract with Reading expired.
League One club Bury have signed Jamaica international winger Chris Humphrey on a one-year deal.
Nigel Farage is standing down as leader of UKIP, saying he wants "his life back" after helping to secure a Leave vote in the EU referendum.
The main Brexit campaign in the EU referendum is adapting tactics in the final phase, as a series of polls suggest that momentum is building up behind the Remain side.
Keaton Jennings' dad Ray says he missed his son's England debut century because of a power cut while he was watching the Test on television in Mauritius.
Chester have signed defender Theo Vassell on loan from League One side Walsall, three days after he joined the Saddlers on a one-year deal.
An Alaskan family has added online controls to the Christmas lights adorning their home.
Winger Damien Hoyland has completed a hectic but happy week by signing a contract extension with Edinburgh.
Scientists have found out that ants began farming millions of years before humans did.
A woman has appeared in court charged in connection with a body found in woodland near Leeds.
Part of one of Argentina's biggest attractions, the Perito Moreno Glacier known as the "White Giant", has collapsed crashing into the water.
A hive of honey bees has been destroyed at an apiary in the Highlands after the insects were found to be infected with the disease, American Foulbrood (AFB).
An Israeli girl has been stabbed to death at a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank by a Palestinian.
A protester who disrupted thousands of motorists by scaling a gantry and causing the M1 to be closed for 28 hours has been jailed for two years.
Heavy rain wiped out the second half of the day's play at Old Trafford after Lancashire had bowled themselves into a winning position against Glamorgan.
A service that digitally weaves together the DNA of prospective parents to check for potential disease in thousands of "virtual babies" is set to launch in the US by December.
Stephen Toope has been chosen as the next vice-chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
Ben Heneghan and Craig Mahon got the goals at Roots Hall as Conference side Chester produced the FA Cup first-round shock of the day by beating Phil Brown's Southend United.
Bin collections in south Cumbria are due to change following a project to "optimise" collection rounds.
Work on the Stadium for Cornwall, to be shared by Cornish Pirates and Truro City, will not start any earlier than spring 2018.
Russian club CSKA Moscow have rejected an improved offer from Premier League leaders Leicester City for Nigeria's Ahmed Musa, BBC Sport understands.
England women's football team will take on Japan on Thursday in the semi-finals of the World Cup in Canada.
A small London airport needs to extend its hours to avoid being forced to take on holidaymakers and more commercial airlines, its boss has claimed.
A novel about a disillusioned banker who is reunited with an old friend before embarking on an epic journey has won the UK's oldest literary award.
British number two Heather Watson is up 31 places in the world rankings to 53 after winning the Monterrey Open.
Wales wing George North starred as Northampton came back from 13-0 down to beat Exeter at Franklin's Gardens.
Some British nationals were "sadly likely" to have been on board the plane that crashed in the French Alps, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of the manslaughter of Jason McGovern has been sent home for the day after hearing lawyers sum up their cases.
No evidence has been found of a link between Westminster attacker Khalid Masood and so-called Islamic State or al-Qaeda, Metropolitan Police say.
The US Congress is considering a significant piece of legislation to punish Moscow for alleged interference in last year's election.
Record numbers of new teachers are leaving the profession within a year of qualifying, according to a teachers' union's analysis of official figures.
Community groups involved in an initiative to tackle female genital mutilation in England and Wales have warned that future progress could be threatened by a lack of local funding.
The Co-op grocery chain has announced a nationwide recall of 165,000 hollow milk chocolate Santa figures after two alleged tampering incidents.
Hosting England versus Australia matches helped Glamorgan to record a profit for 2015, thanks to a surplus of £1.36 million, according to the club's annual financial report.
Yevgeny Primakov, a former Russian prime minister, foreign minister and spy chief, has died at the age of 85.
The police watchdog has said it is investigating complaints against 42 South Yorkshire Police officers over the handling of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
The US State Department has recommended that Cuba be removed from its list of states said to sponsor terrorism, a member of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee says.
Chelsea Football Club has apologised "profusely" to former footballer Gary Johnson over sex abuse he suffered as a youth team member in the 1970s.
A council-owned car park in Grimsby is set to be sold and turned into an older people's housing scheme.
Steelworkers will observe two minutes silence on Friday to remember two colleagues killed in an explosion at a Cardiff plant a year ago.
President Barack Obama has formally eased long-standing sanctions on Myanmar.
A man has been charged with causing the deaths of two walkers by dangerous driving.
England need the flair of their younger batsmen to win an Ashes series, says ex-skipper Mike Brearley.
The American Secret Service has said it regrets delays which meant Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams did not attend a St Patrick's Day reception at the White House.
Fulham and Reading could not be separated as their Championship play-off semi-final first leg finished all square in a fiery encounter.
When Ecuador cut Julian Assange's internet at its London embassy, something unexpected happened.
Five new rail stations should be completed by March 2020 after funding was confirmed, officials have said.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he was "very, very sorry" for comments made in 2004 about Liverpool fans in the Hillsborough disaster.
A largely superb weekend of rugby sets up a cliff-hanger of a conclusion to this season's Six Nations.
Samsung Electronics has apologised to shareholders for its role in a corruption case that led to South Korea's president being impeached.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has strongly denied that a deal with a media company for broadcast rights to several African football tournaments has broken any laws.
Scarlets coach Wayne Pivac says the region are "immensely proud" of Olympic silver medallist James Davies.
Tens of thousands of dating profile pictures were taken from Tinder by a programmer who then made them publicly available on the web.
A local government leader has called for the release of confidential fire test data from private companies.
England captain and record goalscorer Wayne Rooney is confident he has "a few years left" at international level.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has ruled there is insufficient evidence of corruption to remove Nawaz Sharif from the role of prime minister.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says a three-person panel will have the final say on which Russian athletes can compete at the Rio Games.
A disabled man who won a court ruling over bus wheelchair access which was later overturned has launched a bid to take the case to the Supreme Court.
A British woman, who was charged with having extra-marital sex in Dubai after reporting she was raped, has had all charges against her dropped.
A new £500m plan to transform Swansea city centre will succeed, the leader of the city's council has said.
Parents of the missing Chibok girls are slowly learning if their daughters are among the 82 freed by Boko Haram militants in Nigeria two days ago.
Celebrated combat photographer Horst Faas, who covered the Vietnam War for the Associated Press, has died aged 79, his daughter says.
A tambourine borrowed by a Royal Marines bandsman for his daughter's May Day celebrations in 1917 has been returned 99 years later.
Police have found what are believed to be human remains at a house in Montrose.
A ban on smoking in vehicles when children are present will come into effect in the Republic of Ireland on New Year's Day, 1 January 2016.
Championship leaders Hibernian needed a Jason Cummings header to rescue a point against second bottom Ayr United.
Celebrities at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art have gone metallic as this year's Met Ball celebrates the convergence of man and machine.
New calculations show that our already sizeable water footprint is 18% bigger than we thought.
Passengers using cross-country train routes could save up to £260 a journey, under a trial scheme to simplify fares.
Championship side Ipswich Town have "no chance" of signing on-loan top scorer Tom Lawrence on a more permanent deal, according to manager Mick McCarthy.
A copy of the police investigation file into the murder of schoolgirl Alice Gross was left by a coroner on a train.
A Cambridgeshire police officer has been sentenced for an offence under the Computer Misuse Act.
A new study says that rhinos have a smelly way to keep up with the gossip - leaving messages in poo.
The Church of England's ruling body has decided that women bishops should be allowed, but there are further steps to take before they can be ordained.
The Quebec City mosque that was the scene of a deadly shooting on Sunday has opened its doors for the first the since the attack.
The UK's only ferry link to Scandinavia is to close for good, marking the "the end of an era", its operator says.
A 73-year-old man has been arrested after a fight that started on a bus led to another man's death.
Warm, humorous, gutsy, sparky, soulful, determined and fun.
Scotland's first minister has warned David Cameron against fighting a "miserable, negative, fear-based" EU referendum campaign.
The little girl who captured the world's heart tweeting about her life in East Aleppo has made a new friend - US actress Lindsay Lohan.
Shrewsbury defender Aristote Nsiala will be banned for four games after being sent off on his debut - unless the Town are successful with an appeal.
A man accused of raping a 20-year-old woman in Cardiff during fresher's week said she "could have just have said no" to his advances, a court has heard.
Cells in the amniotic fluid that surrounds a developing baby can revive ageing and weak bones, say UK scientists.
The "super-prison" being built in Wrexham will bring £23m a year to the local economy and 1,000 jobs.
A fourth union has announced it will be take part in a 24-hour Tube strike next month in a row over pay and conditions.
The Australian military is to be given broad new powers to respond to domestic terrorist attacks.
The mother of a Carmarthenshire teenager whose death may have been caused by chewing gum wants families to be aware of the potential dangers.
A Glasgow-based artist has painted a massive design for a 72m (239ft) long ship as part of World War One centenary commemorations.
A Google employee who wrote a controversial memo about workplace diversity has been fired, the BBC can confirm.
A suspicious fire which has damaged a classroom at a school in Torfaen is under investigation.
A railway station could be returned to a Ceredigion village for the first time in more than 50 years.
Developers hoping to build a £100m hydro power plant in a disused Gwynedd quarry have been granted environmental permits.
A British family-owned marine services company has been sold outright in a deal worth £40m.
Laura Muir can "cement her place in history" by winning a medal at the World Championships this summer, says ex-Olympic champion Dame Kelly Holmes.
The mayor of Roanoke, Virginia, has come under criticism after he appeared to endorse the internment of Japanese Americans during World War Two.
A coach who helped Canada to ice hockey gold at the Sochi Winter Olympics will begin work at Southampton this week.
Southampton have signed Chelsea midfielder Oriol Romeu for £5m on a three-year contract.
Five-a-side football company Goals Soccer Centres is set to reveal a new strategic plan, after completing a full review of its operations.
A car thought to belong to a man who went missing in Bridgend on Sunday has been found in the River Ogmore.
The beauty of Northern Ireland's north coast made Portrush the go-to choice for family holidays for decades.
Some probation staff monitoring offenders in England and Wales are handling more than 70 cases at a time.
Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill looks set to retain Liam Boyce and Josh Magennis as his strikers in Saturday's World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan.
Police say they have safety concerns about overcrowded houses in the town where one of Europe's largest sports retailers is based.
A 17-year-old girl has died and two men were seriously injured after a Christmas Eve car crash in Cumbria.
Canada has launched a mission to map the Arctic seabed to support its bid to extend its territory up to the North Pole.
League One promotion hopefuls Walsall have brought back their former defender Dean Holden to join the club's coaching team under interim boss Jon Whitney.
A husband and wife have been tied to chairs with cable ties during an aggravated burglary in Ballymoney, County Antrim.
Exeter City shrugged off their midweek FA Cup defeat by Liverpool to beat Accrington Stanley and record back-to-back League Two victories.
More London Underground workers have voted to strike in a dispute over the new all-night Tube service.
The UK's new fiver has won many fans since it was launched in September.
A group of amateur fishermen have landed what they believe to be a record-breaking thresher shark.
Jersey tennis player Scott Clayton faces up to six months out of the sport as he prepares to undergo surgery on a longstanding shoulder injury.
The Association of Art Museum Directors (AAMD) has sanctioned the Maier Museum of Art for selling George Bellows' Men of the Docks to the National Gallery.
A ceasefire appears to be holding in South Sudan's capital, Juba, after four days of heavy fighting between rival forces left more than 270 people dead.
Snowstorms and avalanches have killed 39 trekkers on a popular hiking route in the Himalayas, Nepali officials say.
Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has been unfazed by his "huge" £36m transfer fee, says Martin Keown.
An elderly couple have been held by a gang armed with a poker at their home in County Londonderry.
A plan to spend £80m enhancing economic links between Wales and Ireland has been approved by the European Commission.
The completion date for a new road in Taunton has been delayed.
A free showing of award-winning travel photographs has opened in Hull.
Ivory Coast is holding its first elections this weekend since a civil war sparked by polls in 2010.
A man suffered serious injuries when he was attacked in the street by two American pit bulls, police said.
Squash legend Jahangir Khan's winning run of 555 matches - a record in any sport - has been questioned in a new book.
Parliament has begun a tender process for the renovation of the historic Palace of Westminster.
A new smartcard is to be introduced to make buying bus and train tickets quicker and easier in Northern Ireland.
Unless space debris is actively tackled, some satellite orbits will become extremely hazardous over the next 200 years, a new study suggests.
Two airline pilots were arrested on suspicion of being under the influence of alcohol as they prepared to fly from Glasgow Airport to New York.
Australia's Great Barrier Reef lost nearly a third of its corals in the past year, officials have said.
Signed for £80,000, and joining a club in the process of winning back-to-back Premier League titles, with Jose Mourinho, Didier Drogba and Frank Lampard to provide inspiration.
Floating after falling into the sea rather than trying to swim, is more likely to ensure your survival, a new RNLI campaign says.
An East Yorkshire village has been commemorating the 950th anniversary of a historic battle.
Two men have been gored to death in a bull-wrestling festival, as a fierce debate rages over the controversial sport.
An inquest into the death of a 16-year-old boy who climbed on to a train and touched overhead power lines has been opened and adjourned in Wakefield.
Arsenal forward Chris Willock is to join Benfica when his contract expires.
An app based on an TV project involving Scots comic Billy Connolly and the late Irish poet Seamus Heaney has been honoured at the Celtic Media Festival.
A 14-year-old boy has been charged after allegedly being found with a knife at an Aberdeenshire school after an assault.
Jamaica international forward Joel Grant says he came "very close" to staying with Exeter City before joining their Devon rivals Plymouth Argyle.
Gas production has started from a North Sea field first discovered more than 40 years ago when its development was considered "impossible".
Portsmouth manager Paul Cook believes a lower than average number of points will seal the third automatic promotion place in League Two this season.
Businessman Ian Taylor, who was reportedly in line for a knighthood in David Cameron's resignation honours list, has said he does not want his name to go forward.
Wigan Warriors half-back Jake Shorrocks is likely to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury sustained in non-contact training.
In 2010, the new Chancellor of the Exchequer was confident that in the first five years of government he would be able to trumpet what he considered a notable achievement  - the sale back to the public markets of the state's stakes in both Lloyds Banking Group and The Royal Bank of Scotland.
Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio has signed autographs outside an Edinburgh restaurant in what is thought to be his first visit to Scotland.
A theme park in the US state of Kentucky has unveiled a 510-foot-long (155 metre-long) wooden model of Noah's Ark.
The chief vet for Wales has urged poultry and bird owners to remain vigilant following the outbreak of avian flu in Carmarthenshire.
A 200-year-old Japanese board game that is similar to chess with its kings, generals and foot soldiers has gone on display at a Sussex museum.
Scientists in Peru have managed to reconstruct the face of a powerful ancient female leader using 3D printing.
Organisers of this summer's music festivals have been asked by the government to warn about "legal highs".
The Scottish economy continued to grow in the last quarter but at a slower pace than the previous three months, according to a report.
People in North Tyneside are being given the chance to vote on whether they want a directly elected mayor.
Human breast milk being bought online by fetishists, bodybuilders and cancer patients is a danger to health, UK researchers say.
Scotland withstood heavy early pressure to record an impressive friendly win over Euro 2016-bound Czech Republic.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead missed out on an Olympic medal in a women's road race marred by a horrific crash.
Atletico Madrid's Brazil-born forward Diego Costa has confirmed his intention to play for Spain.
Five Para-swimmers will make their senior Great Britain debuts in April's IPC Swimming Open European Championships.
Wing George North is not currently available for Wales' Test against Australia but talks between the Welsh Rugby Union and English clubs are ongoing, his club Northampton says.
A hospital was forced to reschedule operations after losing power for more than seven hours.
Disney's The Jungle Book has topped the North American box office for the third consecutive week, taking $42.4m (£29m) according to early estimates.
A man who fled from an open prison 16 years ago is back in custody after he was caught trying to take a holiday in Lanzarote, police have said.
Malachi Mitchell-Thomas, who died at the North West 200 races on Saturday, was a rider of incredible grit and determination, his father said.
Tourism organisation VisitScotland is encouraging people to celebrate Sunday's National Unicorn Day.
Three suspected terror attacks been carried out within the space of three hours in France, Kuwait and Tunisia.
Can you name all 32 counties of Ireland?
Former Arsenal striker Marouane Chamakh is the latest target for new Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock.
David Healy will be in the Linfield dugout for Saturday's crucial Irish Premiership game against Crusaders after having his four-game ban reduced.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the WTA Finals after Russia's Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Daria Gavrilova in the Kremlin Cup.
The £371m Hindhead Tunnel under the Devil's Punch Bowl in Surrey has been officially opened after a four-and-a-half year construction project.
A Scottish MP has moved colleagues to tears after revealing in the House of Commons that she was raped at the age of 14.
Oil prices have slumped to six-year lows as global stock markets continue to fall on concerns over a slowing Chinese economy.
The decision to build a third runway at Heathrow Airport will benefit Scotland, the Scottish government has said.
Perhaps the playwright Samuel Beckett was a secret economist.
Parcel delivery firm City Link announced on Christmas Day that it was going into administration.
The police have released footage of two mobile phone thieves who went on an hour long mobile-phone-snatching raid through London.
David Cameron should stay on as PM to lead negotiations if the UK votes to leave the EU, two cabinet ministers have said.
Millwall boss Neil Harris believes promotion from League One is "more important" than FA Cup success.
Double track world champion and Olympic silver medallist Becky James has retired, at the age of 25.
"Bogside Republicans never retire," a defiant but tearful Martin McGuinness told his supporters.
A Saudi woman whose imprisonment for driving drew global attention to the issue says she is more determined than ever to continue her campaign.
The detection of ripples in space-time and a famous cat-based paradox are featured in a list of the physics advances of 2016.
India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin has been named the International Cricket Council's world player of the year.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon hopes to hear by early next week if Anthony Stokes will be rejoining the club.
The feud between Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump is becoming increasingly personal, with Mr Cruz accusing "sleazy Donald" of spreading rumours.
Plans to double funding for Wales' poorest pupils will be announced at the Liberal Democrat party conference.
The Labour Party has had a torrid week with leader Jeremy Corbyn at odds with his MPs over defence policy and a row over Ken Livingstone's comments about a shadow minister.
Mae amseroedd aros yn parhau'n hirach o fewn y Gwasanaeth Iechyd Gwladol yng Nghymru o'i gymharu â Lloegr yn y categorïau allweddol ar gyfer diagnosis a thriniaethau.
Daniel Ricciardo says he will stay at Red Bull until the end of 2018.
Former world heavyweight champion David Haye has been advised to retire after major shoulder surgery.
A legal challenge to plans to build a 103-turbine wind farm in the centre of Shetland has been adjourned.
European commentators have been expressing reluctant acceptance of the EU reform deal tentatively agreed with the UK.
Karl Robinson is still awaiting his first victory as Charlton boss after seeing his  new side beaten at home by play-off chasing Peterborough.
The leader of Bolton Council has vowed to oppose any attempt to begin fracking in the region, describing the drilling technique as "a scar on the landscape".
Ballinamallard United moved four points clear of bottom club Warrenpoint Town with a 2-0 win at Ferney Park in a game which saw both sides end with 10 men.
Tyrone defender Johnny Munroe has left the squad, and will play no part in the county's bid to retain the Ulster Football Championship title.
A convicted drugs trafficker who has been on the run for five years has handed himself into Dutch police.
In 1983, the year before the coal miners' strike - one of the most bitter industrial disputes in British history - the UK produced 119 million tonnes of coal.
TalkTalk customers are being warned about scammers who managed to steal account numbers and names from the company's computers.
The story of the American Presidential hopeful and the Aberdeenshire locals who stood up to him is now being told in St Andrews, the home of golf, at the town's inaugural photography festival.
A public body should be moved to Gwynedd to stem the flow of young people leaving the county, a Welsh-language campaigner has said.
A Canadian theatre critic has said he was accidentally sent an email revealing that a rugby league star is switching clubs in Australia.
Fifa is to set up a taskforce of 11 people to look at reforming football's scandal-hit world governing body.
A plaque has been unveiled to commemorate a group of World War Two veterans.
A man accused of trying to kill a Flintshire shopkeeper in a robbery has admitted a wounding charge.
Security concerns have been raised about plans to carry out major servicing work on the UK's new F-35 fighter jets in Turkey.
Great Britain claimed a 3-2 win against New Zealand in the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup to become the first British side to reach the final in 23 years.
Parts of Mexico City's historic centre have been closed to traffic as film crews shoot scenes for a new Godzilla film in the Mexican capital.
Exeter City manager Paul Tisdale has confirmed growing transfer interest in two of his young stars.
Bin crews who went on strike leaving 30,000 homes with full rubbish bins have returned to work.
London mayor Sadiq Khan has approved the building of two new skyscrapers for the capital.
Germany suffered a third defeat in four games as they were beaten 3-1 by Slovakia in the final match before their Euro 2016 squad is finalised.
The Co-operative Bank has said it lost about 25,000 current accounts during the first half of the year amid the uncertainty over its future.
Few pieces on this blog have provoked a reaction quite like my piece published on Friday about Apple and its "dongle dilemma".
Ministers have set out details of how they aim to save the NHS £1bn on agency staff costs over the next three years.
Fidel Castro ruled Cuba as a one party state for almost half a century.
Trying to win tournaments I've never won before is a huge motivation, but I'm not trying to compete with Stan Wawrinka in terms of the numbers.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says Finn Russell is progressing well in his recovery from a serious head injury, but still expects him to miss the start of the season.
At least one survivor of the Grenfell Tower fire was diagnosed with cyanide poisoning, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Stevie Eskinazi hit a second successive Championship hundred as Middlesex fought back strongly on day three against Yorkshire at Scarborough.
Peregrine chicks nesting in a 23-storey tower block have been ringed to help monitor their future movements.
The SDLP MLA Claire Hanna has tweeted a photo of her daughter appearing to mark her referendum ballot paper in a polling station booth.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen says Wales are a "dangerous beast" ahead of Saturday's first test in Auckland.
After a cyber-attack disrupted IT services across the globe, many people have written to the BBC with questions about why it happened, how you can protect your computers and smartphones, and if the attackers will be caught.
Liverpool are poised to win the race to sign Southampton's £50m-rated Netherlands defender Virgil van Dijk after it emerged he wants to move to Anfield if he leaves St Mary's.
The England selectors will sit down on Friday to decide what to do about the one-day captaincy.
Residents were evacuated from their homes in an Aberdeenshire town after a blaze broke out in a nearby bank.
Global food markets could be disrupted by the El Nino event predicted for later this year.
The planned merger of mobile networks O2 and Three should be blocked or severely restricted by EU regulators, the UK competition watchdog has said.
Double winners Saracens have appointed centre Brad Barritt as captain, replacing Alistair Hargreaves.
Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian has been sentenced to an unspecified prison term in Iran, the country's judiciary has said.
Australian and commercial ships plucked 55 people from the sea as a search continued after a boat carrying asylum seekers was believed to have sunk.
He is Wales's most quoted economist, his name often called in aid by those who think the country is under-funded from Westminster.
Two proposals to save Perth's demolition-threatened City Hall are to be considered by councillors.
Plans to build a new water sports centre in Porthcawl have been approved, despite concerns it could spoil the coastline.
A man who raped a mother moments after taking her baby from her arms has been jailed for eight years.
Nottingham Forest captain Chris Cohen says the club's impending takeover, off-field distractions and "small issues" with late payments and unpaid bonuses are no excuse for poor form.
Taxpayers have been left "bearing all the risk" from purchases of new trains worth £10.5bn, MPs say.
A decision to extensively search the home of the sister of missing County Tyrone girl Arlene Arkinson was prompted by hearsay, an inquest into the teenager's death has heard.
It may not look like much now, but this in-need-of-attention property is set to be a holiday let for history fans.
Theresa May has apologised to Tory MPs for the party's election performance, telling them "I got us into this mess I'll get us out of it."
Barely out of the headlines a few years ago, al-Qaeda may now appear to have been eclipsed by so-called Islamic State - but, according to four of the world's leading experts on the organisation founded by Osama Bin Laden, it is more dangerous than ever, as The Inquiry team explains.
(Closed): Wall Street finished with mixed results as a three-day rally showed signs of slowing.
Police are searching for at least two people over the shooting of a marketing executive who was shot in his own home.
Ukrainian police have used tear gas in fresh clashes with pro-EU activists in the heart of Ukraine's capital Kiev.
Strong winds have led to the cancellation of two ferry crossings between the Isle of Man and Lancashire.
Organisers of an LGBT-rights festival in Chicago are being accused of anti-Semitism after they expelled marchers carrying the Star of David.
All tram services have resumed in Greater Manchester after the whole network shut down on Saturday following a communications problem.
A recent al-Shabab directive that all its members change their mobile phone numbers shows how tech-savvy the al-Qaeda-linked Somali Islamist group remains and how their communications strategy is key to their survival.
A flyball trainer who competed internationally has been banned from keeping dogs for life after 40 animals were found at her home in "horrific" conditions.
Barnet manager Martin Allen will take charge of Saturday's League Two match against Crewe after a surgeon decided not to operate on a minor heart issue.
Dan Evans and Marcus Willis were the only Britons to win on the opening day of Wimbledon as six other home players lost their first-round matches.
Blur are heading back to Hyde Park with their first album in more than a decade.
A demonstrator has been killed in clashes with government troops in Indian-administered Kashmir, following a visit there by PM Narendra Modi.
Actor Charlie Sheen is facing a police investigation over claims he made threats against an ex-girlfriend, who is suing him for assault and battery.
It is only a matter of time before an English manager wins the Premier League title, says Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger.
Telecoms company Vodafone has pulled out of a £20m deal to sponsor West Ham's London Stadium home.
A study has highlighted the risk posed by projected climate change on the world's ability to grow enough food.
Iranian authorities have arrested the elderly father of an American who has been in jail in Iran for the past four months, the man's family said.
Jon Wilkin wants St Helens to finish as high as possible in Super League, despite knowing a top-eight place will be enough for a play-off spot.
Some Conservative backbenchers have said they do not believe Theresa May will be able to fight the next general election as prime minister.
Two men who wrestled a gunman to the floor on a Royal Navy nuclear submarine have received the George Medal for bravery from the Queen.
A judge in Pakistan has dismissed an application for bail from the father of Samia Shahid, who was allegedly killed in a so-called "honour killing".
Two people have been injured after a crash involving a car and a bus in Kilwinning in North Ayrshire.
The government's spending review that will set out departmental budget cuts over the next five years will take place on 25 November.
A bid by UK campaigners to overturn the law on assisted dying has been rejected by the European Court of Human Rights.
Jersey-based sailor Phil Sharp's has had his single-handed cross-Channel record officially ratified.
All over the world there are some leaders who are reluctant to give up power.
Hopes of restoring a 13th Century garden in Denbighshire have been boosted by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
A military plane has crashed in the mountainous west of Cuba, killing all eight personnel on board.
Thousands of people have marked Armed Forces Day at the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire.
Pope Francis has paid a tribute to Paraguay's women and mothers during Mass celebrated at the country's main pilgrimage site, Caacupe,
More than 150 people have been prevented from giving blood at an event in Belfast aimed at encouraging people from the Indian community to donate.
A £1bn new M4 relief road through Newport's dockside could put jobs and future investment at the site at risk, says Associated British Ports (ABP).
Welshman Jamie Donaldson shot a four-under-par 66 to sit one behind the leaders after the first round of the St Jude Classic at TPC Southwind.
Revised proposals for a stadium in Cornwall are expected to be submitted to the council.
Manager Steve McClaren praised Derby County's control as they came from behind to knock Premier League West Brom out of the FA Cup.
Ivory Coast's two medallists from the Rio Olympic games have been given cash awards and houses by the president.
Nicola Sturgeon has reiterated that she wants to eventually see a 50p top rate of income tax in Scotland.
US chipmaker Intel has reported bumper profits in what it describes as its "best" quarterly results.
Since last week's election upset, rumours have been swirling over whether newly appointed President-elect Donald Trump will leave his $100m (Â£80m) New York penthouse for the White House.
A garden at a property in Luton is being examined by officers investigating the disappearance of a 50-year-old woman police now believe was murdered.
Usain Bolt has been named male World Athlete of the Year for a fifth time.
A horror film about young people who use a Ouija board to contact the spirit world has topped the North American box office in the run-up to Halloween.
Three men in south-western China accused of selling 35kg (77lb) of meat from a panda they killed are to be prosecuted, a court has announced.
South African President Jacob Zuma says an inquiry into an arms deal worth billions of dollars has found no evidence of corruption or fraud.
Patients may be waiting months for NHS operations unaware they could get the health service to pay for quicker treatment in Europe.
A motorcyclist killed in a crash with a lorry has been named by police.
A murder investigation is underway after the body of a 40-year-old man was found in a flat in Airdrie.
People who need to see specialists at Jersey hospital for obesity problems face an average of a four-year wait.
Thousands of street parties, picnics and baking competitions will be held on 17 and 18 June to remember MP Jo Cox, a year after she was murdered.
The Dow Jones industrial average gave up early gains to finish the day lower.
Jack Compton hit a hat-trick to earn a shock comeback win at AFC Wimbledon and take Yeovil Town three points clear of the League Two relegation zone.
Crowds of people have queued for tickets for a 1920s funfair which is to reopen after an Â£18m restoration.
Proposals to double the size of a wind farm on the Lancashire moorland have been scaled down.
Letters written by one of the 20th Century's most notorious murderers have been sold for £11,000 at auction.
The family of a British student jailed in the United Arab Emirates over a cocaine find worth about £3 says he has been "forgotten" by the Foreign Office.
The FA People's Cup regional semi-finals saw 400 teams compete across eight venues on 27-28 February - and for one player it was particularly special.
Thousands of runners have tackled the third Yorkshire Half Marathon under blue skies in Sheffield.
Ned Eckersley hit an unbeaten 73 as Leicestershire enjoyed a decent opening day with the bat against Derbyshire at Grace Road.
Australian police are on the hunt for vandals who hacked off and stole the heads of three dinosaur statues from a Canberra museum.
Republic of Ireland international Anthony Stokes has been ordered to pay an Elvis impersonator 230,000 euros for headbutting him in a nightclub.
Kulsoom Nawaz, the wife of former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, has been diagnosed with lymphoma.
A 90-year-old pilot who was seriously hurt when his microlight crashed in to a tree may have felt under pressure to fly, according to an accident report.
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson believes the club's new signings will need to adapt pretty quickly.
Joe Hart and Raheem Sterling are set to miss England's friendlies with Germany and the Netherlands after being injured during Manchester City's derby defeat by Manchester United on Sunday.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has said while her party remains Eurosceptic, members must decide for themselves how to vote in the EU referendum.
The Cabinet Office has been forced by the Information Commissioner to release an official version of what could be called an alternative honours list - names of people who rejected honours.
Graeme McDowell began the defence of his World Match Play title by beating France's Alexander Levy 3&2 in Wednesday's opening match.
The remains of at least 7,000 people may be buried beneath the University of Mississippi, officials estimate.
A student who was expelled from university for taking part in anti-apartheid demonstrations in 1970 has been awarded an honorary degree.
A report to ensure "lessons are learnt" after a homeless prison leaver killed 22-year-old Cerys Yemm is to be published in early 2016.
When security forces in Indian-administered Kashmir killed a prominent militant leader in a gunfight last week, they would have surely anticipated a civilian blowback in the Muslim-dominated valley.
Two-time Tour de France champion Alberto Contador is to retire from professional cycling after the Vuelta a Espana, which starts on 19 August.
A well-known Bangladeshi human rights activist has been found on a bus after his family reported him missing.
Andy Murray gave coach Ivan Lendl the perfect welcome back with a fine win over France's Nicolas Mahut at Queen's Club in London.
Shares in Italy's third-biggest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, have slumped after the European Central Bank told it to reduce its debt burden.
Turkey says it will pull more of its troops out of northern Iraq, following a partial withdrawal earlier this week.
These Vienna talks for the first time include all the external countries involved in the Syria conflict Â­including, crucially, Iran.
A man has been charged with 12 counts of arson after a dozen vehicles were allegedly torched in Holywell, Flintshire.
Police investigating the disappearance of a Fife man have ended the search of a house in Glenrothes without making any fresh discoveries.
One department is likely to be cheering the publication of the Mathew Taylor review into the new world of work.
Like many countries, the UK has made slow progress in reducing its gender pay gap.
Adam Cunnington's second-half strike was enough to earn Bromley victory as Halifax dropped closer to the relegation places.
Every bout of flooding triggers a predictable cycle of despair, anger and scrutiny, but this one has provoked an unprecedented level of criticism and questioning.
An elephant that was the focus of an international campaign to improve its living conditions has died in a zoo in Japan.
Mobile phone provider Three has launched a UK service it says will improve reception inside buildings and in rural black spots.
Derby City Council are changing bin collection days and times from 6 June.
Scotland will attempt to end their decade-long winless streak against Wales with a team missing five key men as the Six Nations resumes this weekend.
Two men have been jailed for the murder of a builder on his way home from work.
A council has been accused of racism for refusing planning permission for a gypsy camp after approving a housing estate in a field next door.
Detailed plans have been submitted for a £300m extension of Sheffield's Meadowhall shopping centre.
Once a week they gather, beneath the same tree in the same park - to remember.
Restoration on an at-risk World War Two building which was used to train anti-aircraft gunners has been completed.
Livingston clinched the Scottish League One title with a victory over nearest rivals Alloa Athletic.
Ten-man Southend dug deep to secure a dramatic win over Oldham at Roots Hall.
South Africa cruised into the World Cup semi-finals with a one-sided thrashing of a sorry Sri Lanka in Sydney.
Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude has announced he is to stand down at the next election, 32 years after entering parliament.
Robert Hannigan has been named as the new head of the UK's electronic surveillance agency GCHQ.
Jersey have named 15-year-old Jonty Jenner in their squad for next week's inter-insular game against Guernsey.
Highland Council has said it must save more money in 2016-17 than it had previously thought.
Tom Briscoe's hat-trick helped Leeds to an easy Qualifiers victory over London.
More than 30 dogs have been stopped from being transported from Northern Ireland ports in an operation to prevent puppy trafficking.
A Nato oil tanker has exploded in northwest Pakistan, killing at least 15 people, say officials.
A convicted murderer released on parole from a secure psychiatric unit has won his Supreme Court battle to keep his identity secret.
Bayern Munich midfielder Xabi Alonso has confirmed he will retire when his contract expires in the summer.
In her speech this morning - which has now taken on far more weight given that she is just about ready to measure the curtains for Number 10 - Theresa May laid out a set of policies that bring together two strands of thinking and two personalities who would not have been overly comfortable in each other's company - Ed Miliband and Margaret Thatcher.
Islamist militants from al-Qaeda and Boko Haram have killed four security forces in two separate attacks in Niger, officials have said.
Former striker Chris Sutton believes questions will most likely be asked over Ronny Deila's position if Celtic are "outplayed and out-thought by Molde".
The new Libyan government in Tripoli is prepared to open all files relating to the Lockerbie bombing, the country's ambassador to the UK has confirmed.
Workers employed at Gatwick Airport to help passengers with reduced mobility are to vote on strike action in a row over pay.
At October's top level Communist Party meeting in Beijing, President Xi Jinping set out his vision for China's governance.
The graduate job market has recovered to its pre-recession peak, with a 12% rise in the number of jobs for university leavers, a report says.
Police are investigating a spate of thefts on the Wickerman Festival site which were carried out while tent owners were sleeping.
Ex-oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, who was freed from a Russian jail last month, has arrived in Switzerland where he has been granted a three-month visa.
Unemployment in the UK fell by 57,000 in the three months to June, official figures show, bringing the jobless rate down to 4.4% - its lowest since 1975.
Six police officers have been wounded after two bombs went off in Cairo, the Egyptian health ministry says.
A grandmother has thanked well wishers who have saved her family's Christmas after a burglar stole £900 in presents.
Scotland full-back Stuart Hogg says memories of their controversial World Cup exit to Australia are still raw as they prepare for the Six Nations.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has denied masquerading as a spokesman for himself in the 1990s after an audio tape was published.
Almost £140m has been "wasted" on free schools and other new types of school, which either closed early or failed to open at all, says a teachers' union.
An activist investor in Akzo Nobel has increased the pressure on the Dulux paint owner by calling for its chairman to be removed.
Hundreds of protesters have taken to the streets of a Los Angeles suburb after an off-duty policeman fired a gun during a fracas with teenagers.
A 45-year-old female bus passenger killed in a crash on the A78 in North Ayrshire which left six people in hospital has been named.
Three men arrested attempting to cross the Iraqi border after joining Kurdish forces to fight the so-called Islamic State group in Syria have been released, the BBC understands.
Luke Dorn scored a first-half hat-trick as Castleford Tigers thumped Super League's bottom side Leeds Rhinos.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with murder after another man was found fatally stabbed after an attack in a residential car park.
One of four rowers rescued from the Pacific said extreme weather conditions had exposed weaknesses in their boat.
A drunk aeroplane passenger who threatened to stab the pilot and everyone on board has been jailed for eight months.
Students of 1930s economics are no strangers to the idea of 'priming the pump' - public spending to get the economy back on its feet.
Scientists say they now have good evidence in animals that exposure to a toxin from algae can trigger dementia-like changes in the brain.
A judge has told a court he understood the "trauma and anguish" of the families of two teenage athletes who died after being hit by a car.
A blazing wildfire in northern California has grown to 104 square miles, with nearly 600 homes destroyed.
Firefighters are tackling a huge blaze at a bowling club in Fife.
The titles and theme tune for the popular comedy Still Game have been revamped ahead of the launch of a new series.
Police in Queensland say they have deployed their "hoverboard unit" after a silver car crashed near a cinema.
Four villages in Suffolk must be bypassed to take anticipated growth in traffic due to the construction of a nuclear power station, a report says.
One Direction singer Niall Horan has confirmed that he has had an operation on his knee in the US.
Getting things done can be hard for anyone.
Six-time major winner Sir Nick Faldo says "everything is stacking up against" Tiger Woods in his attempt to return to golf following injury.
The Scottish Conservatives have pledged an extra £60m to Scotland's colleges as the party sets out its election platform.
A prestigious motor show for rare and luxury cars is to open to the general public for the first time.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says it would be a "great achievement" for the club to make T20 Blast Finals Day for the first time since 2004.
The deteriorating state of NHS finances in England has been well documented.
Beijing-based author Cao Wenxuan has become the first Chinese author to win the Hans Christian Andersen award for children's literature.
A man has celebrated 30 years since his heart-lung transplant - thought to be the longest anyone has survived after the procedure.
Scott McDonald's proposed move to Australia has stalled and the former Motherwell striker says he will consider offers in Scotland.
Aberdeenshire councillors have narrowly voted in favour of a 2.5% rise in council tax.
A court in Sweden has sentenced two men to life imprisonment over "terror crime" murders carried out by Islamic State militants in Syria in 2013.
Donald Trump pledged to invest £200m in Turnberry after buying the Ayrshire resort in 2014.
Uber has lost its attempt to prevent its drivers being forced to take English language tests.
Actor Sir Roger Moore, best known for playing James Bond, has died aged 89, his family has announced.
Taulupe Faletau's absence at the start of the autumn internationals presents an opportunity for another forward to stake a claim for Wales, says former number eight Gareth Delve.
A man has been jailed for killing his baby son after squeezing his chest and shaking him.
The Aurora Borealis - better known as the Northern Lights - was spotted across parts of England on Sunday night into Monday morning.
National League side Eastleigh have signed striker Scott Wilson on a one-year contract.
An Israeli soldier filmed shooting dead a wounded Palestinian attacker after he had been disarmed of a knife has been convicted of manslaughter.
Fionnuala McCormack clinched a comfortable victory in the women's race at the Great Ireland run as Britain's Andy Maud won the men's event.
Brexit could mean a "dangerously high cost" for peace in Northern Ireland, a former minister has warned.
Plans to rebuild a high street next to Liverpool FC's stadium in Anfield have been revealed by the city council.
Polish MPs will be offered military training because of fears that the war in Ukraine could spread.
A number of Japanese manufacturers have suspended operations after two powerful earthquakes hit Kumamoto in south-western Japan.
A Chinese court has charged a tycoon with crimes including murder, intentional injury and organising a "mafia-style gang", state media report.
Plymouth Argyle have signed former Southend United defender Jakub Sokolik.
Former world number one Rory McIlroy has remained defiant in the face of criticism over his controversial views on golf at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The man accused of a massacre at a youth camp in Norway and a bombing in the capital, Oslo, has admitted responsibility, his lawyer says.
The government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing BBC services around the world including in Russia, North Korea, the Middle East and Africa.
A cyber attack on the French television network TV5 Monde may have been carried out by Russian-based hackers, police believe.
A forthcoming biopic about singer Nina Simone has faced fresh criticism over its film trailer which shows lead actress Zoe Saldana with darkened skin.
A woman murdered in America 183 years ago has been buried in her native County Tyrone after her remains had lain in an unmarked grave.
South African Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been granted bail while he awaits sentence for murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013.
A primary school head teacher was taken to hospital following an attack by a pupil.
Currys PC World has been reprimanded for a second time about broadcasting misleading adverts for 4K televisions.
A student from London who was studying in Sheffield, Joseph McCarthy met some friends before the match.
Damian Barton's reign as Derry football manager appears to be over after the county's GAA board asked for nominations for the post.
Media companies should be more accountable to the National Assembly, a Welsh Government minister has said.
Leaving the EU would not necessarily damage the UK economy, fund manager Neil Woodford has reiterated.
The attorney general has lodged an appeal to a High Court ruling that found Northern Ireland's abortion legislation to be "incompatible" with human rights law.
A man apparently angered by Walmart's decision to stop selling Confederate battle flags has been accused of bombing one of the retailer's stores.
They may be down in the dirt but it seems dung beetles also have their eyes on the stars.
Housebuilders should get on and build more houses, the Nationwide Building Society has declared.
When Chris Gardner and his young son were sleeping rough on the floor of a public toilet, he could never have dreamt that his life story would be turned into a hit Hollywood movie.
FC Twente have been banned from European competition for three years by the Royal Netherlands Football Association.
In the control room of the Bulgarian border police at Elhovo, set back from the country's 270km (165 mile) long border with Turkey, officers control banks of CCTV screens.
Hayley visits a school where mobile phones have been banned.
Three children aged between four and six and two women have escaped injury in an arson attack in west Belfast.
Bernard Matthews is to close a processing plant in Lincolnshire with the loss of up to 80 jobs.
A Â£30,000 project to refurbish the public toilets in the birthplace of legendary lavatory maker Thomas Crapper is set to begin.
The remainder of England's series against West Indies will be "sad to watch", says former England captain Michael Vaughan.
The Conservative employment minister Esther McVey has narrowly lost her Merseyside seat to Labour.
New military facilities are to be built on the island of Hirta in the remote St Kilda archipelago.
The response of Brazilian media to the vote for impeachment proceedings to go ahead against President Dilma Rousseff illustrates the political divide in the country, with many outlets adopting a stance along left-right lines.
Cornwall vets say they have been seeing a dog every day that has been poisoned by palm oil washed up on beaches.
A gas mains exploded into flames causing homes to "shake" in Whitstable, Kent.
The site of the Battle of Sark near Gretna has been added to Scotland's Inventory of Historic Battlefields taking the total to 40.
A sports journalist is in a critical condition after an attack in London.
The alarm on Mitsubishi's Outlander hybrid car can be turned off via security bugs in its on-board wi-fi, researchers have found.
More than 100 people attended a ceremony to remember the crew of a battleship which sank in 1939.
Ireland will host New Zealand and Bangladesh in a one-day tri-series next year as they continue their efforts to play more games against full members.
Ollie Devoto will train with England as injury cover for Alex Goode before the Six Nations match against Ireland.
Taylor Swift has been named woman of the year at this year's Elle Style Awards.
Chelsea's out-of-contract winger Gael Kakuta has joined La Liga side Sevilla.
Billy Vunipola will feature against Scotland in the Six Nations on Saturday, after being confirmed in England's matchday squad.
England coach Trevor Bayliss admitted South Africa's nine-wicket Twenty20 thrashing of his team in Johannesburg was "men against boys".
Civilians in western Mosul describe what it is like there at the moment, as Iraqi forces try to drive out so-called Islamic State (IS).
BBC Radio 2 presenter Paul O'Grady has choked up as he paid tribute to his "good friend" Cilla Black.
Legal action could be taken over a decision to close three day-care centres in Doncaster.
The second section of the 16-mile (25.7km) Tywi Valley Path in Carmarthenshire has been given the go-ahead.
Brazil says it is "outraged" by the execution of one of its citizens in Indonesia for drug trafficking.
Lack of exercise is the biggest risk factor for heart disease in women aged 30 and above, according to a study.
England players will not be allowed to miss Test matches to play in the Indian Premier League, says director of cricket Andrew Strauss.
A teacher who claimed all some pupils would do in a class is "sit there scratching their balls" has been banned from the profession.
Three men have admitted transporting cocaine worth about £200,000.
Police are investigating after a teenage boy was indecently assaulted in Dundee's Templeton Woods.
A 26-year-old man has been charged with murdering a south Wales teenager at a holiday caravan park.
A dog IQ test has been developed by scientists who said it could pave the way for breakthroughs in the understanding of the link between intelligence and health.
A terrorism commentator has apologised for suggesting Birmingham was a "Muslim-only city" where non-Muslims dare not venture during an interview on US broadcaster Fox News.
South Africa's Akani Simbine continued his impressive start to 2017 by beating Justin Gatlin and Andre de Grasse in the 100m at the Doha Diamond League.
Primary schools in Northern Ireland are now free to prepare pupils for unregulated transfer tests.
Great Britain's Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark have won gold in the women's 470 sailing event at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The world's smallest working "steam engine" has been built in Germany, according to a team of researchers.
To this day, some in Dundee still lament the decision to demolish the city's Royal Arch as part of developments around the Tay Road Bridge in the 1960s.
Alastair Cook said his wife, Alice, convinced him to remain as captain and lead England to a comprehensive series victory over India.
Ugo Ehiogu, who has died at the age of 44, will be forever remembered fondly by Rangers fans, according to former Ibrox team-mate Kevin Thomson.
Weak leadership, poor judgment and a lack of "warfighting toughness" led to the capture of 10 US sailors by Iran in the Gulf in January, the US Navy says.
Air pollution in China is no laughing matter, but one campaign group hopes its bizarre new film will provoke both laughs and action among urban Chinese.
Fast bowler Lasith Malinga is being investigated by Sri Lanka's cricket board after comparing the country's sports minister to a monkey.
Striker Robert Vittek is the headline absentee from the provisional 27-man squad Slovakia coach Jan Kozak has named for Euro 2016.
Three men were stabbed during a fight involving 10 men and weapons including a knife, hammer and axe in Greater Manchester.
Chat apps that promise to prevent your messages being accessed by strangers are under scrutiny again following last week's terror attack in London.
How good is the news that India has almost a third more tigers than it did four years ago?
Second-placed Hearts were held to a goalless draw at home to Ross County in the Scottish Premiership.
Lord Janner is unfit to stand trial over allegations of child sexual abuse spanning four decades, a High Court judge has ruled.
A man who scared staff at an MP's constituency office has been warned he will go to jail if he ever repeats his actions.
Huddersfield moved up to third in the Championship with victory at Norwich.
The former head of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, has agreed to become an economic adviser to the Serbian government, officials in Belgrade say.
As London prepares to host both the World Athletics and World Para Athletics Championships this summer, the organisers are encouraging the wider public to get active in support of the events.
A grieving mother has warned pregnant women not to use a home foetal listening device that gave her "false reassurance" her unborn baby was alive.
John McGinn says Hibernian fear no-one after reaching the Scottish Cup semi-finals for the third successive year.
Chelsea's 4-2 home defeat by League One side Bradford was the biggest FA Cup shock of all time, says former Liverpool striker Robbie Fowler.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan and world number one Mark Selby both progressed to the second round of the Welsh Open on Tuesday.
After two days of build-up, Glastonbury kicks off in earnest on Friday when the Manchester Camerata open the Pyramid Stage, playing orchestrally-enhanced versions of club classics.
Spain scored twice in the last five minutes to beat France 3-2 in a dramatic Women's European U19 Championship decider in Belfast.
A defeated UKIP leadership candidate has said he is not "hopeful" that new leader Paul Nuttall will get the support he needs from the party's ruling body.
Albania says it will reward its national footballers with diplomatic passports for having beaten Romania 1-0 at the Euro 2016 tournament.
Ten-man West Ham twice came from behind but Charlie Austin's injury time penalty gave Southampton their first victory under Mauricio Pellegrino.
Dick Costolo is stepping down as chief executive of Twitter, the company has announced.
A motorcycle stuntman was airlifted to hospital after an accident during a "wall of death" performance at the Royal Cornwall Show.
Almost one in three NHS trusts in England is now forecasting they will end the financial year overspent, official figures show.
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali - one of the world's greatest sporting figures - has died at the age of 74.
Plans to demolish Beatle Ringo Starr's birthplace have been approved by Liverpool City Council, despite opposition from a government minister.
The boss of Bombardier in Belfast has told its staff that "it is better for our company that the UK remains within the EU".
The chief executive and four trustees of the NI Disabled Police Officers Association (DPOANI) have been suspended.
Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes is taking part in a pilot Football Association programme aimed at preventing former England internationals heading out of the game.
Beppe Grillo, who leads Italy's second biggest party, the Five-Star Movement, has been given a one-year jail term for slandering a science professor.
The deputy leader of Sheffield City Council has announced he is to stand down after 13 years as a councillor.
Europe will not be able to preserve its living standards if it has to absorb millions of migrants from Africa, the foreign secretary has said.
Labour's deputy leader is urging a ban on male-only sports clubs, saying it is embarrassing the UK's most prestigious golf tournament is happening at a club that does not admit female members.
A councillor has been suspended by his party after appearing in court charged in connection with indecent child images.
The RMT union is to ballot offshore members over industrial action.
Michael Haneke's heartbreaking drama Amour has been voted the best picture of 2012 by the US National Society of Film Critics.
A football reporter is about to reach the landmark of filing his thousandth match report covering the same club.
News of the world's second-largest economy, China, cutting interest rates on Friday resulted in mixed trade in the region on Monday.
Wycombe Wanderers have signed striker Dayle Southwell on a two-year contract from Boston United, subject to final paperwork being completed.
The mother of Manchester attack victim Martyn Hett says she feels she has "gained more sons" thanks to the support of his friends.
Heather Watson moved into the second round of the Abierto Mexicano Telcel with a straight sets win over Bethanie Mattek-Sands.
Boxer Andrew Selby is in no hurry to win a world title after securing the British flyweight crown on Saturday.
Nearly half of the global population will be using the internet by the end of this year, according to a new report.
Dozens of abandoned cats living at a Cambridge rescue centre have lost their toys and scratching posts after they were destroyed by flooding.
A cargo ship is being towed to port after it began taking on water and sinking while under way in the English Channel, the coastguard has said.
Warrington Wolves and England hooker Daryl Clark has rejected interest from the NRL to sign a new contract with the Super League side until 2020.
A stretch of land is being deliberately flooded at an Essex nature reserve to create more habitat for wildlife.
A lorry carrying stone shed its load on to a car in a crash in the Cotswolds.
Portsmouth scored three first-half goals away at Accrington to move above them into fourth in League Two.
World-of-Warcraft-maker Blizzard has released its first original gaming franchise in nearly two decades.
Some of the biggest stars in the music world have been on stage at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles, the most prestigious night in the pop calendar.
One Premier League defender celebrates an unusual goalscoring record, Riyad Mahrez and Jamie Vardy's vital statistics show a sharp upturn under Craig Shakespeare and could Romelu Lukaku be the new Gary Lineker?
Plans for a £70m redevelopment of Exeter bus station have been given the go-ahead.
The leader of a council at the centre of claims children were sexually exploited by taxi drivers has resigned.
Good news for giant pandas - the number living in the wild in China has gone up over the last 10 years.
Being upbeat on investment means being downbeat on prices, or at least that's the way it is with the oil industry.
Steven Pressley thinks the manager's job at Dundee United is "an exceptional opportunity" but says he is not interested in a return to Tannadice.
Russia says it will not "cave in" to pressure, following a fresh set of US, EU and Canadian sanctions over the conflict in Ukraine.
A pilot has been injured in a light aircraft crash.
West Brom have signed Scotland midfielder Darren Fletcher on a free transfer from Manchester United.
A tourist who left a woman seriously injured after forgetting to drive on the left side of the road has been fined £8,000.
Film critic Barry Norman has died aged 83, his family says.
Kenya's Wildlife Service says it is pursuing a gang of poachers they suspect of killing an entire family of 11 elephants.
A driver who caused a man's death when he crashed into the back of a car has been jailed for four years.
Paris's most popular art galleries saw a decline in visits by foreign tourists in 2016, following the Islamist militant attacks in the city in 2015 and atrocities elsewhere in France.
A serious further offence review will take place into the case of a man who murdered a woman in an act of cannibalism shortly after being released from prison, the Ministry of Justice has confirmed.
Broadcaster Steve Hewlett has posthumously been given a top honour at the Royal Television Society awards.
Advertising billboards thought to be from the 1920s discovered behind a modern hoarding should be preserved "for all to see", a blogger has said.
Bookmakers Ladbrokes has announced it plans to merge with Gala Coral in a deal expected to value the business at £2.3bn.
A nine-year-old girl has died, along with a man and woman, in a crash on the M9 in West Lothian.
The extension to Mrs Thatcher's Right to Buy scheme - controversial at the time - has had a rocky ride ever since the Conservative government announced it was to be extended in 2015.
The last deep coal mine in the UK has been capped off, three months after its closure.
The world's biggest technology firms will donate money to fund the support of OpenSSL, the software at the centre of the Heartbleed bug.
Scott McDonald has admitted he was "tempted" by an offer from Western Sydney Wanderers but that Motherwell rejected their latest approach.
Greece's parliament has narrowly approved the 2016 budget that includes sharp spending cuts and some tax increases amid economic recession.
Democratic Party presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have sparred over immigration and other issues during a debate in Florida.
A care worker was caught slamming the head of a 77-year-old woman with dementia into a chair on secret CCTV installed by her family.
Scotland fly-half Finn Russell has been cleared to train ahead of Sunday's game against France after recovering from a head knock sustained against Ireland.
Nico Rosberg drove as good a race as I have ever seen from him to win the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Conservation officers are hoping to catch a raccoon seen living wild in Garve in the Highlands.
A new generation of pro-democracy activists has won seats on Hong Kong's Legislative Council (LegCo).
Turkey's president says the world must respect the results of the election, which saw the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) regain its parliamentary majority.
Great Britain's IBF world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua could make a defence of his title at Beijing's National Stadium, according to promoter Barry Hearn.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, it has confirmed.
Midfielder Tom Conlon has signed a new undisclosed-terms contract with League Two play-off hopefuls Stevenage.
This year's United States Grand Prix comes at a critical time for both Formula 1 and the host country.
Leeds defender Giuseppe Bellusci will not return to the club following a loan spell with Empoli, BBC Leeds reports.
Two major Belfast office projects from the developer Paddy Kearney have been recommended for planning approval.
Celtic defender Erik Sviatchenko believes the gap between the champions and Rangers may have grown since their last meeting two months ago.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers praised his young players' composure as the Reds beat Middlesbrough in the longest League Cup penalty shootout.
Pay growth in Scotland could be slower than the rest of the UK because of the job market's "incomplete recovery" from the recession, according to a think tank.
A plane flying from Slovenia to the UK made an unplanned landing after the pilot was alerted to a "suspicious conversation" with "terrorist content".
Algalas ag Moutkel points his left arm at the writing on the wall of the cell in which he was incarcerated during the rule of militant Islamists in Gao in northern Mali.
The finance secretary John Swinney has ruled out an increase in Scottish income tax when Holyrood gets new financial powers next year.
The Irish president has said he hopes people in Northern Ireland will approach the Easter Rising commemorations "generously".
The Scottish economy contracted slightly last month as a result of a downturn in the oil and gas industry, according to a report.
Spinner Simon Harmer took a career-best 9-95 as Essex beat Middlesex with just moments of a dramatic final evening at Chelmsford remaining.
Peterborough were narrowly beaten by Rochdale as all three goals came in the first half at the ABAX Stadium.
A couple who supplied workers to Sports Direct have appeared in court accused of modern slavery.
Luxury fashion designer Burberry has returned to profit after opening new stores and spending more on online marketing
The company behind plans to bring single malt whisky distilling back to Edinburgh after a 90-year absence have launched a major fundraising drive.
Only 20% of patients who see a GP with suspected inflammatory arthritis are referred to a specialist within the target three days, an audit suggests.
A 34-year-old woman has been killed in a crash in the Borders in which three young boys and a man were also injured.
German authorities are investigating Facebook for suspected abuse of its dominant market position.
Haulage magnate Edward Stobart died bankrupt, it has emerged.
Officials from 24 countries and the European Union have agreed that the Ross Sea, in Antarctica, will become the world's largest marine protected area.
A convicted murderer missing from Dorset is wanted by police after he breached his licence conditions.
A car park operator whose staff changed times on photos to wrongly issue tickets is being investigated again following claims it misled drivers.
Mae Chelsea Manning yn dweud ei bod "yn edrych ymlaen at gymaint" wedi iddi gael ei rhyddhau o'r carchar yn America.
Jenson Button's Formula 1 future will become clear on Thursday when McLaren announce their driver line-up for 2015 after weeks of wrangling.
A Westminster committee has called for clarity on the "unanswered questions" of Scottish independence.
Middlesex maintained their bid for a first County Championship title since 1993 and relegated Nottinghamshire with a five-wicket win at Trent Bridge.
Former Olympic bronze medallist Kelly Sotherton is to return to heptathlon and hopes to compete at London 2012.
A 13-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death.
West Ham's extra-time victory over Liverpool was "a classic FA Cup tie" and one of the club's best, according to manager Slaven Bilic.
Rolls-Royce, the engine and turbine maker, is to invest up to £60m in its Renfrewshire manufacturing plant.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan is to force through the appointment of her nomination for the next head of Ofsted, despite a cross-party committee of MPs saying they had "significant concerns".
The mother of a Briton accused of trying to shoot and kill Donald Trump has been given permission to visit him in custody in the United States.
Great Britain's Corie Mapp won gold in the inaugural World Cup Para bobsleigh race.
An event is being held in Glasgow to urge black Africans in the city to attend eye examinations.
A run of poor sleep can have a potentially profound effect on the internal workings of the human body, say UK researchers.
The technology behind the Bitcoin virtual currency could help cut electricity bills, suggests research.
Sadiq Khan has won the London mayoral election, beating Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith.
A fictional book about John Lennon has won the Goldsmiths Prize, celebrating the novel at its most innovative.
The retailer Sports Direct has announced that it will pay its staff more than the minimum wage, following criticism of its employment practices.
The absence of devolved government in Northern Ireland "cannot continue for much longer," Secretary of State James Brokenshire has said.
I loved working with this Wales team for over a year as Chris Coleman's assistant and I know just how tight-knit they are as a group.
Duran Duran have been forced to cancel the remaining two dates of their world tour because keyboard player Nick Rhodes is still too ill to perform.
A father who is challenging a fine for taking his daughter on an unauthorised term-time holiday will find out from the Supreme Court whether he has won or lost his long legal battle.
Paolo Nutini and The Charlatans have been announced as the headline acts for Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations.
A number of politicians have attended the protest calling for Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) to sell shares it holds in fossil fuel firms.
It is "Fat Cat Tuesday", the day of the year by which, according to campaign group the High Pay Centre, the average FTSE 100 chief executive will have earned more than the average annual salary.
The FBI has broken up several sex trafficking rings across the US, uncovering more than 100 sexually exploited teenagers in a nationwide operation.
A man has been arrested in connection with a bomb hoax that led to a large area of Leeds city centre being cordoned off.
Warwickshire's hopes of building on their first-day domination were stymied by the Southampton weather as no play was possible on a rain-ruined day two.
The barnacle-covered wreck of a catamaran abandoned during a rescue off the US east coast three years ago has been found on a Hebridean beach.
A "jealous" man who murdered his partner before dismembering her and stuffing her torso into a suitcase has been jailed for life.
Wrth i'r Gymraeg gael mwy o sylw nag erioed ym maes chwaraeon a darlledu mae cyn faswr Cymru, Jonathan Davies yn galw am fwy o anogaeth i'r rheiny sy'n llai hyderus yn eu Cymraeg.
Lincoln's West Parade police station will close by 2019, the Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
A reporter from a newspaper in Sri Lanka has been shot by a group of unidentified men at his home near the capital, Colombo.
The wreck of a 600-year-old warship which helped Henry V wage war on France is believed to have been found buried in a river.
A demonstration against outsourcing Cambridgeshire healthcare services for older people has been held as bidders for the contract were announced.
Ridley Scott's return to directing a film in the Alien franchise has received mixed reviews ahead of its UK and US release.
An inmate found hanging in her prison cell days after giving birth, told a social worker "if you take my baby I go too", an inquest has heard.
Eddie Jones is a lucky coach.
Full-time female workers in Northern Ireland are defying the gender pay gap to earn more than their male counterparts, official figures have shown.
Moves to cut the number of councils in Wales to single figures have sparked fears that some local authorities may spend reserves ahead of mergers.
Police in Victoria are investigating suspicious fires at three Melbourne churches where paedophile priests have served in the past.
A footbridge over a motorway which partially collapsed when it was struck by a lorry will be removed at the weekend.
There was a time when a strongly worded letter was the only means of having your complaint heard by a company, but is tweeting now the best way to get your gripe to the front of the queue?
Two men have been charged in connection with the alleged theft of charity collection boxes from separate locations in the east of Scotland.
Indian police have arrested two suspected snake venom smugglers in the western state of Maharashtra.
Scotland's newest nature reserve is to be set up at the Black Devon Wetlands in Clackmannanshire.
Crewe Alexandra are considering whether to offer a deal to on-trial defender Zoumana Bakayogo after almost two injury-hit years out of the game.
Chesterfield have appointed Dave Allen as their new chairman.
Wales back Liam Williams will join Saracens from Scarlets on a three-year deal from the start of 2017-18.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has pulled out of an event run by the DUP after it was revealed to be a party fundraiser.
A prisoner who escaped from hospital in northern Australia was rearrested about 1,000km (620 miles) away still wearing handcuffs.
The funeral has taken place of British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson, who died during a race last month in America.
Keaton Jennings, the South Africa-born batsman who is set to make his England debut in India this week, has said he feels "very English".
Documents thought to be the earliest school records in Sussex have been deposited in county archives.
Primary schools in Caerphilly county could lose money for cleaning up after children who bring sandwiches in.
Former Australia coach Wayne Bennett has been offered a role with England by the Rugby Football League.
An 18-rotor multicopter has been taken on its first manned flight in Germany.
Garden designers and their teams stood proudly - albeit a little nervously - as the judges began their rounds at the Chelsea Flower Show.
London's Donmar Warehouse is to open a temporary theatre in King's Cross to host the company's all-female Shakespeare trilogy.
The government in Brazil says it will send federal troops to Rio de Janeiro to help deal with a spate of violent attacks targeting the city's police.
The US Department of Justice (DoJ) has approved Charter Communications purchase of cable operators Time Warner Cable and Bright House networks.
Britain's Andy Murray will face world number one Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday.
The States of Guernsey planning department has said it is making "steady progress" on visiting and classifying listed buildings.